  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Saudi Arabia receives first F-15SA fighter of record-setting weapons order By Reuters Published: 14:27 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 14:27 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail By Katie Paul RIYADH, Jan 25 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia flaunted its new F-15SA fighter jet at an airshow in Riyadh on Wednesday, demonstrating that it has begun receiving items purchased six years ago in the priciest-ever U.S. arms sale to a foreign country. King Salman and his son, Defence Minister and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, watched the spectacle as graduates of the King Faisal Air College performed military marches and fighter jets swooped overhead. The Obama administration approved the $60 billion deal in 2010 amid mounting U.S. and Saudi tensions with Iran. The deal dwarfed previous multibillion-dollar sales to Saudi Arabia, which for years has been the biggest U.S. arms buyer. In addition to the 84 Boeing F-15SA fighters, the deal included orders for upgrades to Saudi Arabia's 70 older F-15s, HARM AGM-88 Anti-Radiation Missiles, Laser JDAM and Enhanced Paveway munitions and related equipment and services. The sale was a major win for Boeing, which has faced competition from Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter. Boeing also clinched weapons sales to Qatar and Kuwait last year. "The F-35 was displacing all other players. But fourth generation production models, especially Boeing F-15s, are going to have a longer life than predicted," said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at Virginia-based Teal Group. Riyadh placed its order for the fighter jets to support its chief foreign policy goal of rolling back Iranian influence around the region, according to statements by U.S. officials at the time. Six years later, questions linger about how such expensive hardware will help the kingdom win wars in places like Yemen, where it has struggled to confront what it sees as Iranian expansion since intervening in the civil war in March 2015. Riyadh accuses Iran of backing Yemen's Shi'ite Houthi rebels, who ousted the Saudi-backed government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi from the capital over two years ago. Despite a near-daily campaign of air strikes, Saudi Arabia has yet to impose its will on its southern neighbour. The Houthis and allied forces continue to control Sanaa and much of the rest of Yemen's north. The rebels regularly attack Saudi soldiers at border checkpoints and fire missiles that sometimes reach deep into Saudi territory. "There's no question that impressive equipment has been a boon to the Saudi-led coalition," said Adam Baron, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations. "But ultimately, state of the art weaponry is one thing and the situation on the ground is another." (Reporting by Katie Paul; Editing by Dominic Evans) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 28° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy skies. High 29F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Overcast. A few flurries are possible. Low around 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 3:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Jan 25, 2017 Updated Jan 25, 2017 0 ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business Restaurant Operators Food Services Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Sales Figures Financial Performance Corporate News Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Construction Contractors Construction And Engineering Industrial Products And Services Food Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets International Trade Economy Political Corruption Political Issues Government And Politics Hotel Operators Hospitality And Leisure Industry Political Ethics Earnings Estimates Earnings Brent Crude Markets Highlights × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: AMV, LLC moves to former PACAL Industries site Seasonal fudges are a hit for Coon Valley Candy Co. No unauthorized immigrants? Manufacturing, hospitality workforces would struggle Dow hits historic 20,000: Does it mean anything? Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Live Look From the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Cam Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Business Highlights By the associated press Jan 25, 2017, 5:58 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ——— Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ——— Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ——— Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ——— Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ——— White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ——— Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ——— Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ——— McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ——— The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Business Highlights " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture After New Rape Lawsuit, Baylor Says Made 'Great Progress' " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Putin Consults His Security Council Before Talking to Trump " Mumps Outbreak Worsens in Washington State " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Georgia Town Leaders Apologize for 1940 Lynching " In Iowa, Trump Voters Cheer Changes, Dismiss Petty Fights " Ivanka Trump's Son Crawls for First Time in White House " Holocaust Site Spurs Questions on Young Germans' Changing Views " How Trump's Memorandum Could Boost Military Readiness " Philadelphia Mayor: Trump's Remarks an 'Insult' to Police " New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say " Little Girl Befriends Baby Cow Who Lost Its Mom " NASA Opens Exhibit on 50th Anniversary of Apollo 1 Fire " FBI Offers Up to $10K Reward for Information in Murder of ABC Chicago Producer in Belize " 'Hamilton' Actors to Sing 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl LI " Inside Taylor Swift's $25 Million Beverly Hills Mansion " 'Bear' the Dog Hoping to Find a New Forever Home
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:05pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Business Highlights 12:05 PM Thursday Jan 26, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) " Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales Continued below. Related Content Small businesses upbeat about year ahead Rodney Hide: Waitangi Day a shemozzle Your views: Readers' letters SEOUL, South Korea (AP) " Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) " Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) " A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) " President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) " An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) " Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) " McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Kaimai luge rider fined $750 The Tauranga teenager recently shown riding a luge down the Kaimai Range on social media… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 28 Jan 2017 17:05:03 Processing Time: 488ms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What Happened in the Stock Market Today Why Boeing and Seagate stocks stood out even as indexes hit record highs on Wednesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 25, 2017 at 5:18PM Image source: Getty Images Strong earnings results pushed stocks higher on Wednesday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) crossed the 20,000-point mark for the first time. It and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) index both finished higher by more than 0.75%. Today's stock market Index Percentage Change Point Change Dow 0.78% 155.80 S&P 500 0.80% 18.30 Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Financial stocks were among the biggest gainers, which helped the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT:XLF) rise 1.6%. In the losing column, a tick down in the price of gold sent the leveraged Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 3X ETF (NYSEMKT:NUGT) lower by 5%. A few individual stocks did significantly better than the market on its record-notching day, including Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Seagate (NASDAQ:STX). Seagate's stabilizing business Seagate shares spiked 15% following the hard drive specialist's strong quarterly results. Revenue ticked down slightly to $2.8 billion. Earnings, on the other hand, came in well above expectations at $1.38 per share. Consensus estimates had been targeting closer to $1.08 per share. Image source: Getty Images. The business benefited from several positive trends, including declining expenses and a shift toward higher-margin high-capacity drives. As a result, Seagate managed sharply improved profitability despite lower overall demand and weakening average selling prices. "The company's product execution, operational performance, and financial results improved every quarter throughout 2016," CEO Steve Luczo said in a press release. In an accompanying presentation to investors, the company cited quarter-to-quarter gains in operating margin, from 1% in the first quarter, to 4%, 8%, and then 13% in the fourth quarter, as evidence of the stabilization of its business. Cash flow also rose to a near-record $656 million. The surging profits are making Seagate's dividend safer. The payout now represents 81% of earnings over the last six months, compared to nearly 180% in the prior-year period. That ratio should continue falling now that the company expects to earn $4.50 per share in 2017 -- up from its $2.50-per-share forecast issued in early August. Boeing's profit boost Boeing was the Dow's biggest winner, rising 5% after its quarterly earnings announcement. Revenue fell 1% for the quarter and by 2% for the full year as its defense, space, and security segments declined. Profitability jumped, though, as operating margin nearly doubled to 9.4% of sales. That improvement was the biggest factor behind the industrial giant's 64% spike in operating earnings. Image source: Boeing. Management highlighted the improved operating and financial results that allowed Boeing to plow cash back into its business while increasing dividend payments and stock buyback spending. "We led the industry in commercial airplane deliveries for the fifth consecutive year," CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a prepared statement, "and produced record operating cash flow, which fueled investment in innovation and our people and generated significant return to shareholders." Looking ahead, Boeing expects to deliver as many as 765 commercial aircraft for $63 billion of revenue at a near-10% operating margin. A further $28 billion from its defense, space, and security segment should bring total sales to about $91 billion, or 4% below 2016's result. Yet Boeing should produce far greater profits from that lower sales base. Executives are projecting earnings of $9.20 per share, up 27% from this past year's figure. Investors cheered that surprisingly high outlook by pushing the stock to a new record on Wednesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 5:18PM Consumer Goods Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $20,093.78 down $-7.13 (-0.04%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,294.69 down $-1.99 (-0.09%) Boeing NYSE:BA $167.70 down $-1.42 (-0.84%) Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bull 2X Shares NYSEMKT:NUGT $10.20 up $0.43 (4.40%) Seagate Technology NASDAQ:STX $44.50 up $0.60 (1.37%) Financial Select Sector SPDR NYSEMKT:XLF $23.65 down $0.09 (-0.38%) Read More Ho-Ho-Humbug: 5 Companies Having Holiday Layoffs What Investors Might Have Missed in the Stock Market Last Week Apple Inc. and Boeing Slump as Stocks Drop What Investors Might Have Missed in the Market Last Week What Investors May Have Missed in the Stock Market Last Week The Single Best Stock to Own Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current What Happened in the Stock Market Today @themotleyfool #stocks $^DJI, $^GSPC, $BA, $NUGT, $STX, $XLF
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» Business Business Highlights Add to ... The Associated Press Published Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017 6:01PM EST Last updated Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017 6:01PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defence revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defence business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defence spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 per cent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 per cent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 per cent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counsellors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 per cent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 per cent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 per cent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 per cent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$167.70 -1.42 (-0.84%) Updated January 27 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Standard & Poor's Limited Russia Air Force One United States of America The Boeing Company Donald Trump Dallas, Texas Hyundai Motor Company South Korea Moscow Bob Evans Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own Trump suspends entry of Syrian refugees indefinitely Tory slams Wynne over toll veto, says Toronto being treated like a child X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 32° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly cloudy. High 31F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Considerable cloudiness. Low near 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 4:35 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Jan 25, 2017 Updated Jan 25, 2017 0 ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Tags Wire Business Restaurant Operators Food Services Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Sales Figures Financial Performance Corporate News Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Construction Contractors Construction And Engineering Industrial Products And Services Food Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets International Trade Economy Political Corruption Political Issues Government And Politics Hotel Operators Hospitality And Leisure Industry Political Ethics Earnings Estimates Earnings Brent Crude Markets Highlights × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Thursday's prep report Seniors relays shine as Muskies swimmers sweep triangular PREP SCOREBOARD | Thursday, Jan. 19 Boys basketball capsule: Muscatine at Assumption Girls basketball capsule: Assumption at Muscatine More on this topic Energy companies lead US stock indexes mostly lower Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs Gas company gets new hearing on West Virginia royalties GM Canada to move 600 jobs in Ontario to Mexico US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular World wide support, respect grows for Devin Martz Muscatine residents demonstrate in Des Moines Women's March Sale of a school: Washington Elementary gets a new life Greg H. Mullen "Slow equals fair," Muscatine City Attorney says Anthony ‘Tony’ James Steckman Starting conversations: addressing homelessness in Muscatine Ministry and service in times of great need: Martha Lang ordained as priest Port of Muscatine: City studies the feasibility of building a container port 1 dead in mining accident near Buffalo Currents +24 National Photos: Scenes of destruction after deadly storms slam south +15 World Photos: Inside a North Korean silk factory +26 Travel Destinations Photo Contest Spotlight: See some of your best wildlife pictures from around the world SUPER BOWL: Quinn must match up with Belichick No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Puerto Rico celebrates new Hall of Famer Ivan Rodriguez The challenges female filmmakers face post-Sundance TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: How spacesuits evolved from clunky to cool Slim: Twitter is not a way to negotiate Understand Trump's refugee restrictions Man behind debunked voter fraud claim: Proof is coming Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes Against Cal, Stanford needs another big game from Allen SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Trump's immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say John Hurt, Oscar nominated for "The Elephant Man" dies at 77 The royal scoop: Documents from King George III go online Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors California Chrome chasing history in last race Success for A’s Sonny Gray could hasten trade Steve Kerr to ‘absolutely’ play all 4 Warriors in All-Star Jed Lowrie, Josh Phegley back healthy for A’s this spring Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-Highlights-10884176.php Business Highlights The Associated Press Updated 3:01 pm, Wednesday, January 25, 2017 ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS John Hurt, Oscar nominated for 'Elephant Man,' dies at 77 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump signs 'new vetting measures' for refugees Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup SF supervisor offers Trump a room on Alcatraz Burglary suspect steals biker clothing, gets caught Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Hacker impersonates local CEO, steals W-2 tax forms 42% of Trump voters approve of prez using private email Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 3 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 4 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 5 Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms 6 How a 20% import tax could affect California's Mexican imports... 7 CalExit Measure Gets OK to Collect State Ballot Signatures 8 Ex-NC State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead 9 This way to the resistance: Your guide to defying the... 10 Poll: 42 percent of Trump voters say it's OK for Trump to use... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump education nominee Betsy DeVos St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged Former Twins manager Kelly to be honored with statue at Target Field A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list next National 411806086 Business Highlights By The Associated Press Associated Press January 25, 2017 — 5:05pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor's profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it's selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia's biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia's respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest "has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations." ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump's company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn't do enough to ensure that Trump won't make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump's renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump's staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a "soft opening" prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald's to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald's is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald's introduced the Big Mac in 1968. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist FTC sues Qualcomm alleging monopoly of semiconductor device Higher wages push stocks to records, but Dow misses 20,000 Japanese industry lags forecast Business briefs: Men's Wearhouse rejects bid by Jos. A Bank Why Trump will find it hard to make American economy greater More From Politics Minneapolis 9 minutes ago Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota In remarks from the Pentagon on Friday, the president said the moves were necessary to prevent terrorists from entering the nation. National 14 minutes ago Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists President Donald Trump on Friday barred all refugees from entering the United States for four months — and those from war-ravaged Syria indefinitely — declaring the ban necessary to prevent "radical Islamic terrorists" from entering the nation. Politics 24 minutes ago Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump education nominee Betsy DeVos Support of private over public schools comes under fire. Politics 53 minutes ago Analysis: President Donald Trump's hectic, chaotic beginning Early action reveals an unruly process that might not help fulfill his goals. East Metro 8:51pm Twin Cities homebuilders and cities square off at the Capitol Both sides want more control over moratoriums. Top Stories Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota 9 minutes ago Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours 45 minutes ago Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump education nominee Betsy DeVos 24 minutes ago Most Read Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years • National Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists • National In Trump's White House, a day of confusion and change • National A look at Trump's executive order on refugees, immigration • National Trump proposes big import tax, triggering fight with Mexico • National World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Brutal western US winter has been terrible for animals Politics Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild rolls into All-Star break with romp over Blues Wild's All-Star caravan readies for its L.A. close-up Wolves Crunch topples KAT's dad in stunt gone wrong; Pacers topple Wolves Souhan: Thibodeau's style working with young Wolves Gophers Gophers pressing for a victory as No. 22 Maryland comes to town Gophers headed for North Star Cup third-place game after loss to UMD Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Business Highlights Business Highlights By The Associated Press January 25, 2017 5:58 pm Share ___ Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Free e-book on the current initiatives and upcoming policy changes needed to address the ever-growing IT and application modernization challenge. Download now. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Advertisement Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. ___ Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts’ forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. Company executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump’s recent comments about the high price of new Air Force One planes. ___ Hyundai Motor’s profit tumbles 39 percent on weak car sales SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Co. reported Wednesday a 39 percent drop in its fourth-quarter income, hit by weak demand in South Korea and the United States and higher costs from strikes and sales incentives. The South Korean automaker said its net profit was 1 trillion won ($859 million) for the period, compared with 1.6 trillion won a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet were anticipating 1.5 trillion won of net income. Sales fell 1 percent to 24.5 trillion won ($21 billion). ___ Bob Evans selling its restaurants to firm for $565 million NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — Bob Evans is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million, splitting that part of the company from the food division that makes sausage, refrigerated side dishes and other convenience foods. New Albany, Ohio-based Bob Evans Farms Inc. says it’s selling the restaurants to Golden Gate Capital to focus on growing the food division. It has over 500 restaurants in 18 states. It also announced it is buying Pineland Farms Potato Company, based in Mars Hill, Maine, for at least $115 million. ___ Senior manager at cybersecurity firm arrested in Moscow MOSCOW (AP) — A manager in charge of investigating hacking attacks at Russia’s biggest cybersecurity firm has been arrested. Kaspersky Lab on Wednesday confirmed reports in Russia’s respected Kommersant newspaper that Ruslan Stoyanov, head of its computer incidents investigations unit, was arrested in December. Kommersant said that Stoyanov was arrested along with a senior Russian FSB intelligence officer and that they both face charges of treason. A spokeswoman for Stoyanov said his arrest “has nothing to do with Kaspersky Lab and its operations.” ___ White House, Trump Organization name ethics advisers NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump and his hotel and real estate business on Wednesday separately named ethics counselors, the latest attempt to address conflicts-of-interest concerns that arise from his decision to maintain financial ties to his company. Trump selected Washington attorney Stefan Passantino as his White House ethics adviser. Trump’s company tapped a former George H.W. Bush campaign lawyer and a longtime company executive as in-house ethics monitors. But ethics experts, including the head of the Office of Government Ethics, have criticized the plan, saying it doesn’t do enough to ensure that Trump won’t make decisions as president that personally benefit himself, his family or his company. ___ Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel WASHINGTON (AP) — An electrical subcontractor who worked on the Trump International Hotel in Washington has sued a company owned by President Donald Trump for more than $2 million, alleging it was not fully paid. AES Electrical filed its lawsuit in the District of Columbia Superior Court, the latest in a string of lawsuits involving Trump’s renovation of the historic Old Post Office building a few blocks from the White House. AES alleges that it bore increased expenses last year because of change orders and other demands from Trump’s staff. It also said it was told to accelerate the pace of work so Trump could hold a “soft opening” prior to the election. ___ Japan sees 1st trade surplus on cheaper oil, China rebound TOKYO (AP) — Japan posted its first trade surplus in six years in 2016 thanks to a rebound in exports and persisting low oil prices, though uncertainties over U.S. policy and global growth are overshadowing the recovery. The 4.1 trillion yen ($35.8 billion) surplus in 2016 compared with a 2.8 trillion yen deficit in 2015, the government reported Wednesday. Exports fell 7.4 percent from a year earlier to 70.04 trillion yen ($617 billion) while imports dropped 16 percent to 66 trillion yen ($581 billion), the report showed. ___ McDonald’s to give away 10,000 bottles of special sauce SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — McDonald’s is giving away 10,000 bottles of its trademark special sauce as an enticement to buy new versions of its Big Mac. The company is introducing the Mac Jr. and the Grand Mac, two different-sized variations of the classic sandwich. The bottles will be available Thursday at participating locations nationwide. McDonald’s introduced the Big Mac in 1968. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index gained 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq picked up 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Topics: Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Business Highlights Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 11:46 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Dow tops 20,000 as earnings feed rally, bonds fall (VIDEO) Thursday January 26, 2017 06:52 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Apple’s Siri faces fierce battle with Amazon’s Alexa The Edit: Michelle Williams teams up with Jonah Hill for ‘Mid-90s’ Malala says ‘heartbroken’ over Trump’s plan for refugees Trump doubles down feud, says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of US Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders celebrate on the main trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark January 25, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 26 — The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed past 20,000 for the first time as stocks around the world extended a rally after corporate earnings reignited investors’ optimism in economic growth. Bonds sold off with oil. Boeing Co’s best rally in three months lifted the index for American blue chips past the round-number milestone after a handful of rallies fell short in the past month. Financial and technology shares surged as investors piled into stocks that benefit from economic growth. The yield on 10-year Treasury notes topped 2.50 per cent. The US dollar slipped, raising concern that the reflation trade in currencies may have run its course. The Mexican peso surged the most in 11 months even as Donald Trump ordered construction of a border wall. Oil fell on increased US stockpiles. “With a swift move towards signing executive orders, coupled with underlying positive economic data, clarity has begun to hit the headlines, and all the US indexes are celebrating,” Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial Inc. said. “Clarity is the markets’ oxygen.” Corporate earnings bolstered the bullish sentiment toward equities, with Boeing the latest company to post results that topped expectations. The Dow is up 1.7 per cent since Trump’s inauguration as he took steps to fulfill pro-growth campaign promises, including identifying possible infrastructure projects, approving two oil pipelines and cajoling American carmakers to build plants in the US Other global-growth signals such as rising bond yields are feeding higher bank lending margins, and re-invigorated spending is boosting consumer cyclicals. Stocks The Dow rose 155.12 points to 20,067.83 at 4pm in New York, the first close above the round number. The rise from 19,000 was the second-fastest 1,000-point run in the measure’s history. It’s up 9.5 per cent since Trump’s election. Boeing led gains in the index, rising 4.2 per cent to an all-time high after reporting a profit. The S&P 500 Index jumped 0.7 per cent to a record 2,295.95. Industrial, technology and financial shares led gains. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index jumped 1.3 per cent, while Germany’s DAX rose to the highest level since May. Personal computer maker Logitech International SA led Europe’s stock gains after beating quarterly profit estimates, surging 16 per cent. Banco Santander SA rose 3.4 per cent on better-than-expected quarterly profits. Bonds The yield on the 10-year Treasury added five basis points to 2.52 per cent, the highest level of the year. Yields reached session highs after a US$34 billion (RM150.3 billion) five-year note auction stopped at 1.988 per cent, about 1.2 basis points above where the note was quoted in when-issued trading at the 1pm New York time bidding deadline. The yield on the benchmark Bund due in a decade rose six basis points to 0.46 percent, the highest level in a year. Currencies The greenback weakened against all its Group of 10 peers except the Australian dollar, as the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index resumed its slide. It fell 0.3 per cent and is poised for a fifth straight weekly decline. Losses were steepest against the Canadian dollar and the British pound. The positive correlation between the dollar and Treasury yields, which touched 93 per cent on Nov 1, the highest in three years, has now declined to less than 54 per cent. That in turn has helped spur gains in high-yielding, commodity currencies like the Australian and New Zealand dollars. The Mexican peso gained more than one per cent even as Trump took action to advance a border wall. Commodities The Bloomberg Commodity Index, which measures returns on raw materials, fell 0.4 per cent. Gold futures tumbled one per cent to US$1,201.90, for a second day of declines as optimism around corporate earnings fueled risk appetite. West Texas Intermediate crude lost 0.8 per cent to drop below US$53 a barrel. It settled at US$52.75 a barrel after a US government report showed crude and fuel inventories increased. Opec and other oil producers are likely to comply fully with a deal to reduce supply, bringing global crude markets into balance early this year, Kuwaiti Oil Minister Essam Al-Marzouk said. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years Ringgit ends lower against US dollar US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reutes Video: Miss Universe’s preliminary show starts in Manila Reuters Video: Ryan Gosling brings ‘La La Land’ to Tokyo Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles KL shares open higher Asian stocks extend rally after Dow tops 20,000 US stocks slip with dollar as commodities rally Oil up 3pc as Brexit chances dim, US gasoline surges too Asian shares up, US dollar down after jobs report Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Trump signs order to start Mexico border wall project Engineer death: Case registered based on uncle's WhatsApp Business Standard Boeing shrugs off Trump trade fears, reports solid earnings AFP  |  New York  January 26, 2017 Last Updated at 01:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USj00a ALSO READ Wall Street rises, Dow inches closer to 20,000 Banks, telecoms lead Wall Street up; another Dow record Banks lead Wall Street higher; Dow brushes against 20,000 Wall Street rises, led by banks; Dow brushes against 20,000 Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings today and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to USD 1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 per cent rise in Boeing shares to USD 168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including USD 312 million in new unexpected costs for KC-46 military tanker program, another in what has been a recurring theme in recent the company's earnings reports. The report came as the new Trump administration puts its stamp on US policies and openly pressures companies in its "America First" agenda that has sparked worries of protectionism. Boeing felt the sting of his Twitter attack in December, when Trump lambasted the company for what he said were runaway costs of the next generation presidential plane, to serve as the famed Air Force One. Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg, who met with Trump twice prior to his inauguration and pledged to work to control costs on Air Force One, said he was confident the new president's agenda would be good for Boeing and that the US would avoid a trade war. "This is all about helping business being successful," Muilenburg said in a call with reporters and analysts, adding that he was "very confident" the new administration understands the importance of not alienating China, an important Boeing market. Muilenburg endorsed pro-growth policies such as lower taxes and "fair trade" for the United States, and said higher US defense spending could boost Boeing's business. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Dow Jones | Wall Street | Results | Shares PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Boeing shrugs off Trump trade fears, reports solid earnings Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings today and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to USD 1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 per cent rise in Boeing shares to USD 168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including USD 312 ... Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings today and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to USD 1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 per cent rise in Boeing shares to USD 168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including USD 312 million in new unexpected costs for KC-46 military tanker program, another in what has been a recurring theme in recent the company's earnings reports. The report came as the new Trump administration puts its stamp on US policies and openly pressures companies in its "America First" agenda that has sparked worries of protectionism. Boeing felt the sting of his Twitter attack in December, when Trump lambasted the company for what he said were runaway costs of the next generation presidential plane, to serve as the famed Air Force One. Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg, who met with Trump twice prior to his inauguration and pledged to work to control costs on Air Force One, said he was confident the new president's agenda would be good for Boeing and that the US would avoid a trade war. "This is all about helping business being successful," Muilenburg said in a call with reporters and analysts, adding that he was "very confident" the new administration understands the importance of not alienating China, an important Boeing market. Muilenburg endorsed pro-growth policies such as lower taxes and "fair trade" for the United States, and said higher US defense spending could boost Boeing's business. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing shrugs off Trump trade fears, reports solid earnings Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings today and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to USD 1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 per cent rise in Boeing shares to USD 168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including USD 312 million in new unexpected costs for KC-46 military tanker program, another in what has been a recurring theme in recent the company's earnings reports. The report came as the new Trump administration puts its stamp on US policies and openly pressures companies in its "America First" agenda that has sparked worries of protectionism. Boeing felt the sting of his Twitter attack in December, when Trump lambasted the company for what he said were runaway costs of the next generation presidential plane, to serve as the famed Air Force One. Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg, who met with Trump twice prior to his inauguration and pledged to work to control costs on Air Force One, said he was confident the new president's agenda would be good for Boeing and that the US would avoid a trade war. "This is all about helping business being successful," Muilenburg said in a call with reporters and analysts, adding that he was "very confident" the new administration understands the importance of not alienating China, an important Boeing market. Muilenburg endorsed pro-growth policies such as lower taxes and "fair trade" for the United States, and said higher US defense spending could boost Boeing's business. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Boeing profit up 59 percent; AT&T income falls in struggle with competition The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it January 25 AEROSPACE Boeing net income rises 59 percent Boeing beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and the company forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts’ forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Trump’s tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitability among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing’s key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump’s comments last month about one of the company’s most familiar products. Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding some pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. — Associated Press TECHNOLOGY AT&T income drops to $2.44 billion AT&T Inc, the No. 2 wireless carrier, reported quarterly revenue below analysts’ estimates as it struggles to cope with intense competition in the wireless market. AT&T said last week that it added more than 200,000 paying subscribers to its video streaming service DirecTV Now and about 900,000 branded wireless subscribers in the latest quarter. Net income attributable to the company fell to $2.44 billion, or 39 cents per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $4.01 billion, or 65 cents per share, a year earlier. Total revenue fell marginally to $41.84 billion, missing the average estimate of $42.04 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. — Reuters Also in Business ● Qualcomm reported a 3.9 percent rise in quarterly revenue, boosted by strong demand for its chips used in smartphones, at a time when the company is facing multiple legal challenges over its alleged “anticompetitive” tactics. Net income attributable to the company more than halved, to $682 million, or 46 cents per share, in the first quarter ended Dec. 25, from $1.50 billion, or 99 cents per share, a year earlier. ● Norfolk Southern on Wednesday reported a higher fourth-quarter net profit on cost savings and said strong pricing and an expected rebound in coal volumes should help the railroad’s business grow in 2017. The Virginia company reported fourth-quarter net income of $416 million, or $1.42 per share, up 18 percent from $361 million, or $1.20 per share, a year earlier. Revenue fell to $2.49 billion from $2.52 billion, but expenses declined to $1.73 billion from $1.88 billon. ● Hyundai Motor recorded its lowest quarterly profit in about five years, hurt by the cost of steep discounts on small sedans, and cautioned that it expected more uncertainty ahead as competition and protectionism increase. The company reported a fourth-quarter net profit of 1 trillion won ($858.07 million), down 39 percent from a year ago and the lowest since the first quarter of 2012. — From news services Coming Today ● 8:30 a.m.: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims. ● 10 a.m.: Freddie Mac releases weekly mortgage rates. ● 10 a.m.: Commerce Department releases new-home sales for December. ● Earnings: Alphabet, Caterpillar, Comcast, Ford Motor, Microsoft, Starbucks and Southwest Airlines. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 In unprecedented move, pension plan cuts benefits promised to retirees 2 Trump’s spokesman’s ‘easy way’ to make Mexico pay for the wall has been revealed 3 Trump wants to ding imports from Mexico. What happens to stuff we send the other way? 4 In these six American towns, laws targeting ‘the illegals’ didn’t go as planned 5 Trump says sanctuary cities are hotbeds of crime. Data say the opposite. Market Watch DJIA -0.04% NASDAQ 0.1% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 01/27/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing, Bob Evans gain; Freeport McMoRan, Textron sink By Associated Press Published: 16:44 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 16:44 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday: Boeing Co., up $6.81 to $167.36 The company's fourth-quarter results beat analysts' estimates and it forecast that deliveries of commercial airplanes will rise slightly in 2017 after slipping last year. Bob Evans Farms Inc., up $9.99 to $57.94 The company is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million. Freeport-McMoRan Inc., down 52 cents to $16.50 The mining company reported earnings that fell far short of what investors were looking for. Seagate Technology PLC, up $5.23 to $42.67 The data storage company reported earnings that easily beat analysts' forecasts. TransCanada Corp., up 50 cents to $49.34 President Donald Trump invited the company to resubmit its application for a presidential permit to construct and operate the Keystone XL pipeline. Textron Inc., down $2.65 to $46.73 The maker of Cessna small planes and Bell helicopters posted earnings that missed analysts' estimates. Rockwell Automation Inc., up $10.98 to $153.01 The industrial equipment and software maker posted revenue and earnings that came in ahead of forecasts and also raised its full-year estimates. Brinker International Inc., down $2.92 to $44.24 The operator of restaurant chains Chili's Grill & Bar and Maggiano's Little Italy reported earnings and revenue that fell short of analysts' estimates. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Boeing Starliner spacesuit makes public debut: minimalist and very blue Brittany A. Roston - Jan 25, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Boeing has taken the wraps off its new Starliner spacesuit for the first time, giving the public its first look at the suit that astronauts will wear on their way to the International Space Station. The spacesuit will be worn by travelers hitching rides to and from low-Earth orbit destinations (like the ISS) via the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. Unlike traditional spacesuits, Boeing’s creation is rather minimalist and very blue. Traditionally, spacesuits have been bulky and heavy, weighing somewhere around 30lbs with a large neck ring and other things. In contrast, Boeing’s suit weighs about 12lbs — or, more accurately, it is about 40-percent lighter than usual. As well, these spacesuits are highly saturated blue rather than white or bright orange. Despite being simplified, the Starliner spacesuit is airtight and generally considered an improvement over past spacesuits — and, Boeing says, it is ‘cooler’ in comparison. There’s no external cooling needed due to the specialized design, and the helmet is smaller, with a zipper controlling the opening and closing. The air hoses, meanwhile, are on the torso portion of the suit. The gloves are also highlighted as unique with advanced materials for interacting with tablets and other devices with touch screens. These are joined by the sleek-looking boots, which are both slip-resistant and breathable. Finally, there’s a communication headset within the helmet, which is itself made from polycarbonate with a wide angle visor. SOURCE: Boeing Main image via Flickr Story Timeline Boeing's self-sanitizing lavatory makes germs 'literally explode' Amazon leases 20 Boeing 767 freighters for shipping service NASA is training astronauts with new simulators from Boeing Tags BoeingresearchSpace Must Read Bits & Bytes Nintendo Switch’s simple specs shared: Pro Control or Just No? Apple joins Partnership on AI to explore “ethical” artificial intelligence Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks: Tiny bezels, moved fingerprint sensor, more Google Daydream grabs HTC’s Vive design chief Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Latest Headlines Shazam speeds up song identification with new Android shortcut Jan 27, 2017 Gear Fit Pro trademark hints at new Samsung fitness wearable Jan 27, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard sold 2.5m units in first three days Jan 27, 2017 NASA’s twin study finds notable biological changes after a year in space Jan 27, 2017 KontrolFreek unveils performance gaming clothes for gamers Jan 27, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Jan 25, 2017 Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 Review: Top Marks Jan 25, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / January 25 Market Close: GovCon Index Higher on Boeing Earnings Beat, Textron Miss Weighs January 25 Market Close: GovCon Index Higher on Boeing Earnings Beat, Textron Miss Weighs Ross Wilkers January 25, 2017 Financial Report, News 25 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index held onto its gain Wednesday with help from Boeing (NYSE: BA) on the airplane maker’s fourth quarter results above analyst forecasts to offset the decline by Textron (NYSE: TXT) after its October-December figures disappointed Wall Street. U.S. stocks by comparison hit all-time highs again in comparison as the S&P 500 composite index set a new record close with financials the top performers and the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended above 20,000 for the first time ever on contributions from Boeing, Goldman Sachs and IBM. GovCon Index gainers slightly edged decliners 16-to-14 and three of its 11 S&P 500 companies advanced with co-listed Boeing the top net performer and fellow GCI-S&P stock Textron the largest laggard. Boeing posted fourth quarter earnings and revenue exceeded Wall Street’s expectations and said it expects to increase commercial aircraft deliveries this year to 760-765 from the 748 recorded in 2016. A $201 million aftertax charge on the U.S. Air Force KC-46A aerial refueling tanker program and full-year guidance below analysts’ forecast did not deter the stock’s climb. Defense and industrial conglomerate Textron’s fourth quarter top- and bottom-line results both missed Wall Street’s expectations and fell from the prior year period. Engineering and construction companies AECOM (NYSE: ACM) and KBR (NYSE: KBR) ended as top five percentage gainers for a second consecutive session in conjunction with gains by industrial shares as investors continued to welcome President Donald Trump’s executive orders to cut regulations on domestic manufacturers and advance two major oil pipeline projects. Financial stocks led eight major S&P sectors higher with real estate the largest decliner among the remaining three. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 88.960 +0.115 +0.129% S&P 500 2,298.37 +18.30 +0.80% Dow Jones Industrial Average 20,068.51 +155.80 +0.78% NASDAQ 5,656.34 +55.38 +0.99% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 16 Declining GovCon Index Issues 14 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change BA Boeing * 167.36 +6.81 +4.24% MCK McKesson Corp. * 151.10 +2.79 +1.88% NAV Navistar International 29.91 +1.97 +7.05% ACM AECOM 39.13 +1.71 +4.57% LLL L3 Technologies * 150.85 +1.25 +0.84% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ NAV Navistar International 29.91 +1.97 +7.05% ACM AECOM 39.13 +1.71 +4.57% BA Boeing * 167.36 +6.81 +4.24% KBR KBR 17.67 +0.56 +3.27% CAE CAE 14.43 +0.27 +1.91% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change TXT Textron * 46.73 -2.65 -5.37% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 192.72 -2.04 -1.05% GD General Dynamics * 175.32 -1.93 -1.09% LMT Lockheed Martin * 251.00 -1.91 -0.76% NOC Northrop Grumman * 230.84 -1.75 -0.75% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ TXT Textron * 46.73 -2.65 -5.37% ICFI ICF 53.15 -0.60 -1.12% GD General Dynamics * 175.32 -1.93 -1.09% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 192.72 -2.04 -1.05% HRS Harris Corp. * 101.12 -0.95 -0.93% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ACM aecom Air Force ba Boeing cae construction Donald Trump Dow Jones Industrial Average Engineering featured financial report GD General Dynamics Goldman Sachs govcon GovCon Index hii Huntington Ingalls IBM KBR KC-46A L3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin manufacturing MCK McKesson NAV navistar noc Northrop Grumman oil S&P 500 tanker textron TXT Related Articles LinkedIn’s Kevin Scott Named Microsoft CTO January 25, 2017 Booz Allen Completes Aquilent Purchase to Expand Digital Footprint January 25, 2017 5 Firms Awarded $67M in Air Force Medical Support Contract Modifications January 25, 2017 Check Also January 24 Market Close: GovCon Index Advances With Boeing Lift, Lockheed Drags on Dimmed Guidance & Sikorsky Material Weakness Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index traded higher Tuesday on a lift from Boeing (NYSE: BA) and government … State Dept to Clear Proposed $400M C-17 Logistics Support FMS Deal With UK The State Department has moved to clear a proposed $400 million foreign military sale of … Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags January 25 Market Close: GovCon Index Higher on Boeing Earnings Beat, Textron Miss Weighs January 25, 2017 Leidos to Continue Support for Air Force Association’s CyberPatriot Program; Chuck Heflebower Comments January 25, 2017 CSRA Unveils New Tagline, Website as Part of Rebranding Effort January 25, 2017 NOAA Releases 1st Image From Harris-Built Camera on Lockheed’s GOES-16 Satellite January 25, 2017 Orbital ATK Receives $50M Order for Non-US Standard Ammunition January 25, 2017 Leidos Defense Group Head Michael Leiter Leaves Company January 23, 2017 745 Engility Sells USAID Business to Research Triangle Institute January 9, 2017 435 Army Picks 6 Firms for $301M Environmental Remediation Services Contract December 29, 2016 409 Air Force Issues RFP for $16B T-X Trainer Jet Replacement Program January 3, 2017 398 Army Corps of Engineers Picks 4 Firms for Test, Evaluation Support Contract January 9, 2017 396 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Executive moves Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index DOD U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz Former General Dynamics IT Exec Scott Howat Joins BAE Systems Inc. as Finance SVP CSRA to Provide IT Support for OCONUS Naval Enterprise Network Under Potential $80M IDIQ DoD, Lockheed Martin in Negotiations for Potential $9B F-35 Contract Raytheon Names Retired Navy Adm. James Winnefeld as Board Member Former NASA Exec William Parsons Appointed to Lead PAE-BWXT Joint Venture ACT I Appoints Bruce Lemkin as International & FMS Business Adviser; Michael Niggel Comments @Follow Me #GovConIndex holds green on @boeing $BA 4Q beat to offset @Textron $TXT decline on miss. #GovCon https://t.co/6yhXkqlodS9 hours ago New post: Leidos to Continue Support for Air Force Association’s CyberPatriot Program; Chuck Heflebower Comments https://t.co/6D9WFs1r4I12 hours ago New post: CSRA Unveils New Tagline, Website as Part of Rebranding Effort https://t.co/WcrryJSqTY12 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home About DoD Leaders Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Today in DoD Special Reports News Press Advisories News Releases News Articles Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Badges and Passes RSS Other News Sources Media Lead Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos Videos DVIDS DoD Live Blog Trademarks Military Service Seals Imagery Archive DoD Flickr Military Services Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands A-Z List Resources Popular DoD Resources Contact DoD Available Jobs Within DoD Website Feedback Developer Info Apps Gallery DoD Information Quality Guidelines Principles of Information Register A Site HomeNewsArticle Poseidon Agreement Strengthens U.S., U.K. Maritime Aviation Cooperation DoD News, Defense Media Activity PRINT  |  E-MAIL  |  CONTACT AUTHOR WASHINGTON, Jan. 25, 2017 — Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work today signed a P-8A maritime patrol aircraft declaration with British Defense Minister for Procurement Harriett Baldwin to further strengthen the uniquely close defense relationship between the U.S. and the U.K., according to a Defense Department news release. The British Royal Air Force is purchasing nine Boeing P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft to be based in RAF Lossiemouth, Scotland. Pictured here, a P-8A Poseidon aircraft departs Boeing Field in Seattle, heading to Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Fla., Nov. 20, 2014. The aircraft joined other Poseidon aircraft as part of the War Eagles of Patrol Squadron 16, the Navy's first operational P-8A squadron. This flight marked the delivery of the 19th long-range maritime patrol aircraft to the Navy. The multi-mission aircraft, based on the next-generation Boeing 737-800 platform, provides anti-submarine warfare, anti-surface warfare, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities, and will replace the Navy P-3 Orion fleet. U.S. Navy photo Poseidon Aircraft The British Royal Air Force is purchasing nine Boeing P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft to be based in RAF Lossiemouth, Scotland. Pictured here, a P-8A Poseidon aircraft departs Boeing Field in Seattle, heading to Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Fla., Nov. 20, 2014. The aircraft joined other Poseidon aircraft as part of the War Eagles of Patrol Squadron 16, the Navy's first operational P-8A squadron. This flight marked the delivery of the 19th long-range maritime patrol aircraft to the Navy. The multi-mission aircraft, based on the next-generation Boeing 737-800 platform, provides anti-submarine warfare, anti-surface warfare, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities, and will replace the Navy P-3 Orion fleet. U.S. Navy photo Download Image Image details page Delivering on the commitment of the 2015 Strategic Defense and Security Review, the U.K. is purchasing nine Boeing P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft to be based in Royal Air Force Lossiemouth, Scotland, the release said. The aircraft will add to the U.K.’s surveillance capabilities, including conducting anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare, search and rescue and intelligence gathering. In 2019, the U.K. will receive delivery of its first P-8A Poseidon aircraft and both nations have committed to deepen their defense cooperation when operating in the North Atlantic region, according to the release. U.S.-U.K. Security Partnership Work said in the release, “Today's signing of the declaration on P-8A Poseidon bilateral cooperation exemplifies the importance and strength of the U.S.-U.K. partnership. This cooperation agreement ensures and deepens our interoperability and maritime patrol capabilities. Together, the U.S. and U.K. will continue to deter regional threats and maintain a robust military posture.” Through seeking opportunities to share logistics and support bases and optimize the use of P-8A aircraft, particularly in Europe, the declaration should ensure increased value for money and operational effectiveness, the release said. Baldwin said, “The United States is our pre-eminent ally in global defense and collective security. This declaration is further evidence of how our two countries continue to cooperate and build mutual security, particularly in the North Atlantic region. Backed by a rising defense budget and a [$224 billion] equipment plan, the P-8A program will provide us with enhanced surveillance capabilities.” NATO Alliance As leading members of NATO, the U.K. and U.S. are committed to the collective defense of each other and their allies, the release said. The two nations also have pledged to deepen defense cooperation, bilaterally and within the alliance, to further improve the ability to operate together in exercises and operations. The declaration provides a new opportunity to maximize value for money for the taxpayer and continue to strengthen U.S.-U.K. interoperability, and to pursue efficiencies in operations and support, including at RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, where the P-8A will bring some 400-plus jobs. The Defense Department and the U.K. Ministry of Defense plan to cooperate closely on operation of their P-8A aircraft in the North Atlantic to ensure a coherent approach to maritime partrol aircraft activity, the release said. The RAF has ensured that the U.K. has maintained the skills needed to operate the P-8As through the ‘seed-corn’ program, which has embedded former RAF military patrol aircraft operators within the maritime patrol aircraft squadrons of Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the U.S, the release said. Air Commodore Ian Gale, the senior responsible owner for the U.K.’s Poseidon P-8A program, said, “This agreement will enhance the U.K.’s maritime patrol capability and further strengthen U.K.-U.S. defense relations. The arrival of the Poseidon P-8A in 2019 will provide the U.K. with significantly increased capabilities and bring hi-tech employment to Scotland and the wider U.K.” This agreement follows British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon’s recent visit to Norway, where he also committed to cooperate on maritime patrol aircraft operations, ensuring that the U.K. will continue to play a key role in delivering collective maritime security across the globe, according to the release. NATO U.K. News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources Recent News Articles 01/25/2017 Poseidon Agreement Strengthens U.S., U.K. Maritime Aviation Cooperation 01/25/2017 U.S. Strikes Kill 5 Al-Qaida Members in Yemen 01/25/2017 Counter-ISIL Strikes Hit Terrorists in Syria, Iraq 01/25/2017 Face of Defense: Marine Reservist Protects Family From Attacker 01/25/2017 Mattis Confers With Australian, New Zealand Counterparts 01/24/2017 Dunford Says Valor Award Review is Important 01/24/2017 Iraq Announces Liberation of Eastern Mosul 01/24/2017 Rotational Unit in Poland Adapts to Surroundings 01/24/2017 Face of Defense: Airman Carves Out Unique Mementoes 01/24/2017 Military Strikes Continue Against ISIL in Syria, Iraq Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad A 'hoodie helmet', built in sneakers and touchscreen gloves: Boeing unveils next generation spacesuit astronauts will wear in its ISS 'taxi' capsule Starliner is part of NASA’s  mission to bring astronauts to ISS, allowing it to grow The new suit has an attached helmet, touchscreen-sensitive gloves, and vents  The 20 pound spacesuit is 40% lighter than other launch-and-entry suits By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 15:38 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 16:53 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail 50 shares 9 View comments Boeing has unveiled the bright blue spacesuit that astronauts will wear aboard the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. It is designed to be comfortable while still providing functionality, with the helmet attached to the suit itself, touchscreen-sensitive gloves, and vents to keep the astronauts cooler. The 20 pound spacesuit is far lighter than other launch-and-entry suits, and its material allows water vapour to escape while keeping air inside. Scroll down for video  Boeing has unveiled the bright blue spacesuit that astronauts will wear aboard the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. It is designed to be comfortable while still providing functionality, with the helmet attached to the suit itself and touchscreen-sensitive gloves SPACESUITS TODAY The main spacesuits worn for spacewalks are called Extravehicular Mobility Unit, or EMU. But astronauts have a range of other suits they wear for different activities. The Advanced Crew Escape Suit is the orange suit that astronauts wear during launch and landing of the space shuttle. This suit cannot be worn during spacewalks. Sometimes, Nasa astronauts will wear the Russian Orlan spacesuit. This suit is the Russian version of the EMU and is used for spacewalks. Another Russian suit is the Sokol. Like the Advanced Crew Escape Suit, the Sokol is designed only to be used inside a spacecraft. It is used on the Russian Soyuz spacecraft. According to Boeing, the Starliner spacesuit is roughly 40 percent lighter than other suits. But, the trim design still meets NASA’s safety and functionality requirements. ‘The most important part is that the suit will keep you alive,’ astronaut Eric Boe said. ‘It is a lot lighter, more form-fitting and it’s simpler, which is always a good thing.  'Complicated systems have more ways they can break, so simple is better on something like this.’ The new Starliner suit has zippers in the torso and materials in the elbows and knees that will give the astronauts a greater range of movement, and allow them to transition from standing to sitting more easily. It also has a communications headset inside of the helmet, along with a wide visor for better peripheral vision. Astronauts have been testing the suit to ensure that it meets all of their needs, climbing in and out and trying out different positions to simulate work inside of the spacecraft. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Should you change your name after marriage? Researchers... The incredible moment a ROBOT is left to babysit tiny... Forget the little black dress: Smart garment changes colour... HP recalls 101,000 laptop batteries amid further fears of... Share this article Share 50 shares The new Starliner suit has zippers in the torso and materials in the elbows and knees that will give the astronauts a greater range of movement, and allow them to transition from standing to sitting more easily It also has a communications headset inside of the helmet, along with a wide visor for better peripheral vision. Astronauts have been testing the suit to ensure that it meets all of their needs ‘The spacesuit acts as the emergency backup to the spacecraft’s redundant life support systems,’ said Richard Watson, subsystem manager for spacesuits for NASA’s Commercial Crew Program. ‘If everything goes perfectly on a mission, then you don’t need a spacesuit. It’s like having a fire extinguisher close by in the cockpit. You need it to be effective if it is needed.’ According to NASA, four astronauts are now training for flight tests with the Commercial Crew Program, including Boeing’s Starliner and SpaceX’s Crew Dragon. The manned tests are set to begin in 2018. The Starliner will be launched from a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, and is part of NASA’s operational Commercial Crew mission to bring astronauts to the International Space Station, allowing it to grow to seven residents ELON MUSK'S 'IRON MAN' SUIT  Mars astronauts could look more like superheroes - at least, that’s if Elon Musk gets his way. The billionaire recently hired Marvel and DC movie legend Jose Fernandez to design a spacesuit for his firm, SpaceX. Fernandez is better known for designing costumes for superheroes in films such as ‘Batman vs. Superman’ and ‘Captain America: Civil War’. Elon Musk has hired Jose Fernandez to design a spacesuit for his firm, SpaceX. Fernandez took inspiration from Musk himself, when creating the costume for Iron Man, as Tony Stark is modeled on the billionaire Fernandez took inspiration from Musk himself, when creating the costume for Iron Man, as Tony Stark is modeled on the billionaire.  A Tested video and a Bleep interview recently revealed the Fernandez is designing a ‘stylish’ and ‘heroic’ alternative to Nasa’s Z-2, spacesuit design. The Starliner will be launched from a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket, and is part of NASA’s operational Commercial Crew mission to bring astronauts to the International Space Station, allowing it to grow to seven residents. The missions will be able to take up to four astronauts at a time, with Eric Boe, Bob Behnken, Doug Hurley and Sunni Williams now in training. ‘We slogged through some of the real engineering challenges and now we are getting to the point where those challenges are largely behind us and it’s time to get on to the rubber meeting the road,’ said former astronaut Chris Ferguson, who is now director of Crew and Mission Systems for Boeing. ‘To me, it’s a very tangible sign that we are really moving forward and we are a lot closer than we’ve been. ‘The next time we pull all this together, it might be when astronauts are climbing into the actual spacecraft.’ Share or comment on this article e-mail 50 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... HE'S FIRED! Trump administration tells Border Patrol... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 9 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES Finally! iPhone users can now send WhatsApp messages OFFLINE: Here’s how to do it MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story China's radical $168 million weather control system revealed: Scheme to boost rain and snow for an area double the size of FRANCE gets go ahead 36 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español When it comes to airplanes, you never forget your first love Commentary: The Boeing Dreamliner is a tech wonderland, but the 747 -- the Queen of the Skies -- still has my heart. Ethan Miller, Getty Images Tech Culture by Katie Collins January 25, 2017 11:44 AM PST @katiecollins Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) When I was a kid, most of those my age were glued to the TV, watching cartoons or kicking a ball around in the garden. My activity of choice was plane spotting -- a geeky spectator sport I still partake in to this day. Growing up in the English suburbs in the pre-digital era, entertainment options were limited. But I did have Manchester Airport close by and parents with a passion for planes. Together we spent many hours with our noses pushed up against the great glass windows in departures -- ah, the days before security -- to watch aircraft speed down the runway on their way to or from exotic locations across the globe. Batteries Not Included The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech is cool. Most impressive of all the beasts dipping in and out of the airport were the Boeing 747s with their bulbous double-decker front ends. Somehow these beluga humps were not ungainly, but instead gave the aircraft a proud and noble look -- think the Roman emperor effect. It was only in the past few years that I discovered a cult following for the 747. This plane, which debuted at the tail end of the 1960s, is a favorite among many aviation enthusiasts, who refer to the model as the Queen of the Skies. And so it was a real treat for this aviation geek when I had a chance to book a seat on the upper level of a 747 -- known to us enthusiasts as the "bubble" -- for my flight to the CES 2017 tech extravaganza. I was doubly excited that I would have a chance to ride on Boeing's flagship Dreamliner on the return leg. The 747, which is facing retirement at many airlines, and the shiny 787 Dreamliner, which still feels brand-new, gave me a good sense of perspective on the differences between the classic experience and the high-tech ride in the skies. Flying high on the Queen of the Skies As I walked up the stairs to get to the second level of the Virgin Atlantic 747 flight out to CES in Las Vegas, I couldn't help but feel jazzed. It's silly that something so mundane can affect me, but it did, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. It turns out, it may have been my only chance. United Airlines said last week that it would retire its 747 fleet much earlier than expected. With the exception of British Airways, which is retrofitting the interiors of its 747s for more years of service, many airlines are following in United's footsteps. The 747-8, the newest version of the airliner, introduced in 2011, hasn't been a commercial success. When I reached my window seat, I was pleased to find that the curvature of the fuselage treated me to my own storage compartment between me and the window. My row, instead of being split into three, was just six seats across with one central aisle. The quiet upper-deck economy cabin seats just 18 people, compared to the 360 or so economy passengers sitting downstairs. It felt like a much smaller, more intimate aircraft without sacrificing any of the size and stability of a high-flying jumbo. With two dedicated cabin crew, we weren't left wanting when it came to service. But when it came to tech, the 747 doesn't offer the most advanced options. My seatback touchscreen was fiddly to navigate, and over the course of 11 hours I was forced to develop a special finger waggle to make it do my bidding. In truth, I spent much of the flight on my iPad. Most airlines want to fly newer and more efficient planes, and Boeing knows it, which is why it created the Dreamliner. Dreamy tech for a peaceful flight I have one word for my experience on Virgin's Dreamliner: wow. The first thing that struck me as I boarded the plane was the roominess of the cabin and its high ceilings. The Dreamliner is all fancy mood lighting and lofty ceilings. Katie Collins/CNET With the eight-hour Newark to Heathrow hop being a night flight, I was able to experience the full force of Virgin's mood lighting on board the 787. The warm ambient colors change throughout a flight to help you sleep and wake at the right times. Admittedly, I didn't fall asleep as the lights changed, as I was too engrossed in watching "Kubo and the Two Strings," but when I finally did pass out I found that I slept peacefully and came to with more ease than I am used to. On waking up after long-haul night flights, I typically feel groggy, disorientated and dehydrated, like a shriveled bean. The view I woke up to. Katie Collins/CNET On this journey, these symptoms were notable only by their absence -- and I had tech to thank. As well as the lighting, the higher air pressure in the cabin allows for the circulation of denser air with more oxygen designed to reduce the usual dehydrating effects of air travel. The aircraft's modern twin engines were extremely quiet, which lessened the ambient noise. I set aside my iPad and embraced the in-flight entertainment, not because the options were any different from the outbound leg, but because of the tech itself. The Dreamliner replaced the 747's clunky resistive touchscreen with a shiny capacitive display that did my bidding with no objections. I charged my phone from the built-in USB port and even got a little taste of home in advance of touching down, thanks to the Dreamliner's ability to pick up a live feed of the BBC. Torn between the future and the past Dreamliner: the future of air travel. Kent German/CNET With its cavernous cabin, mood lighting and huge, dimmable picture windows, the Dreamliner delivers an elegant experience that comes closer to the way flying looks in the ads than any other aircraft I've traveled on. In the same breath, life in the 747 bubble with its personal service and intimate setting feels more akin to my preconceptions about the experience of golden-age travel. So if I had to choose to fly one or the other? In truth, my loyalty still lies with the Queen of the Skies, but knowing that Boeing 747s are not long for this world does enhance my emotional attachment to this aircraft. If, however, the Dreamliner is the future, as Boeing hopes it will be, it's a future I'm more than happy to embrace. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Batteries Not Included Tech Culture Aviation Boeing Virgin Related Stories What will Apple look like in 2017? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy, Ep. 69) Powerful tweets remember Jewish refugees turned away by US Bride in a T. rex costume makes for the best first look ever I blew into a Tostitos bag and it told me to call an Uber Close   Discuss: When it comes to airplanes, you never forget... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Watch a Boeing 787 showcase incredible acrobatic stunts In a new video, Boeing showed off a Dreamliner executing a near-vertical take-off as a teaser for the upcoming Farnborough Airshow. 2:23 Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Seagate Climbs On Strong Q2 Results; Meridian Bioscience Shares Plummet Lisa Levin , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 25, 2017 3:03pm   Comments Share: Related UCFC Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Surges Over 150 Points; Arctic Cat Shares Rise On Acquisition News Benzinga's Top Initiations United Community Financial's (UCFC) CEO Bill Crawford on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript (Seeking Alpha) Related MKTX Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Surges Over 150 Points; Arctic Cat Shares Rise On Acquisition News Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 6, 2017 Protecting Your Portfolio With Position Size (Investor's Business Daily) Toward the end of trading Wednesday, the Dow traded up 0.74 percent to 20,060.95 while the NASDAQ climbed 0.86 percent to 5,649.02. The S&P also rose, gaining 0.72 percent to 2,296.57. Leading and Lagging Sectors Financial shares gained around 1.07 percent in trading on Wednesday. Meanwhile, top gainers in the sector included United Community Financial Corp (NASDAQ: UCFC), and MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: MKTX). In trading on Wednesday, telecommunications services shares slipped by 0.18 percent. Meanwhile, top losers in the sector included J2 Global Inc (NASDAQ: JCOM), down 3 percent, and PLDT Inc (ADR) (NYSE: PHI), down 3 percent. Top Headline Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) reported better-than-expected results for its latest quarter, but issued a weak sales forecast. Boeing’s quarterly earnings increased to $1.63 billion, or $2.59 per share, compared to $1.03 billion, or $1.51 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding non-recurring items, the company’s adjusted earnings came in at $2.47 per share. Its revenue declined 1 percent to $23.29 billion. Analysts were expecting earnings of $2.34 per share on revenue of $23.13 billion. For 2017, Boeing projects adjusted earnings of $9.10 to $9.30 per share, on revenue of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. Analysts projected earnings of $9.25 per share on revenue of $92.96 billion. Equities Trading UP Arctic Cat Inc (NASDAQ: ACAT) shares shot up 42 percent to $18.54 after the company agreed to be acquired by Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) in a $247 million all-cash deal. Shares of Bob Evans Farms Inc (NASDAQ: BOBE) got a boost, shooting up 20 percent to $57.72 after the company agreed to sell its restaurants unit to Golden Gate Capital for $565 million. The company also plans to acquire Pineland Farms Potato Company for $115 million. Seagate Technology PLC (NASDAQ: STX) shares were also up, gaining 16 percent to $43.28 after the company reported better-than-expected results for its second quarter and issued a strong revenue outlook for the current quarter. Equities Trading DOWN Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ: VIVO) shares dropped 21 percent to $13.05 after the company reported weak Q1 results and lowered its FY17 guidance. The company also reduced its quarterly dividend to $0.125 per share. Shares of Horizon Global Corp (NYSE: HZN) were down around 10 percent to $18.88. Horizon Global reported proposed offerings of common stock and convertible senior notes and announced preliminary unaudited 2016 financial results. CommVault Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CVLT) was down, falling around 10 percent to $51.17. Commvault reported Q3 adjusted earnings of $0.28 per share on revenue of $165.8 million. Commodities In commodity news, oil traded down 0.77 percent to $52.77 while gold traded down 1.13 percent to $1,199.90. Silver traded down 1.22 percent Wednesday to $16.98, while copper fell 0.02 percent to $2.71. Eurozone European shares closed higher today. The eurozone’s STOXX 600 gained 1.29 percent, the Spanish Ibex Index rose 1.73 percent, while Italy’s FTSE MIB Index climbed 0.42 percent. Meanwhile the German DAX gained 1.82 percent, and the French CAC 40 rose 0.99 percent while U.K. shares rose 0.20 percent. Economics Crude oil supplies rose 2.84 million barrels for the week ended January 20, the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported. Analysts were expecting a gain of 2.81 million barrels. Posted-In: Earnings News Guidance Eurozone Commodities M&A Global Intraday Update © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ACAT + BA) The Other Dow ETF Is Winning, Too 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 26, 2017 Wall Street's M&A Chatter From January 25 Boeing, GM, Qualcomm And More: Fast Money Picks For January 26 Guy Adami Is Bullish On Boeing View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on UCFC Trending Recent 1 VAR, NAK: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 CL, JNPR: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 UUUU, CCJ: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off' Uranium Rally 4 INTC, BMY: 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26, 2017 5 FNMA, SPY: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie An... 6 DLGNF, WATT: Exclusive: Energous CEO Di... 7 AEP, ACIA: Jim Cramer Shares... 1 ATHX, KEYW: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rises On Earnings Beat; KEYW Sh... 2 Want To Manage Your Portfolio Like A Hedge Fund? With Fintech, You Can... 3 WATT, CRRVF: Exclusive: Energous CEO Stephen Rizzone Presents 9 Wireless... 4 FRED, RAD: To The Rescue: Cerberus Capital Riding In To Save... 5 GOOG, GOOGL: Alphabet's Q4 Fails To Excite, But... 6 GTN, TRI: Has Trump's Negativity On... 7 GM: GM Comments On Relationship W... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Look For Textron's Arctic Cat Acquisition To Go Smoothly Takeda's Speculative Interest In Synergy Soothes Stomach Pains; Canaccord Says Buy
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Tech Photos: Meet the 'Boeing Blue' Spacesuit for Starliner Capsule By SPACE.com Staff | January 25, 2017 12:58pm ET MORE Boeing's New Space Duds Credit: Boeing On Jan. 25, 2017, Boeing unveiled the spacesuit astronauts will wear aboard the company's Starliner capsule. Here's a look at the sleek new "Boeing Blue" suit. HERE: Former NASA astronaut Chris Ferguson (Boeing's director of crew and mission systems) wears the blue spacesuit while sitting inside a Boeing CST-100 Starliner test module. NASA has picked Boeing's Starliner capsule, which is designed to launch on United Launch Alliance Atlas V rockets, as a ferry to fly astronauts to and from low-Earth orbit. The Boeing Blue Credit: Boeing A look at the spacesuit astronauts will wear aboard Boeing's Starliner capsule. The spacesuit features several advancements over previous spacesuit designs. It is smaller and lighter, and includes special gloves designed to allow use with touchpad screens. The Astronaut Test Credit: Boeing NASA astronaut Sunita Williams secures the beanie cap of her Boeing Blue spacesuit during tests. Space Traveler Feedback Credit: Boeing As NASA astronaut Eric Boe wears Boeing's new spacesuit, a technician records notes on the suit's performance during testing. Function and Fashion? Credit: Boeing NASA astronaut Eric Boe tests the Boeing Blue spacesuit inside the company's CST-100 Starliner capsule mockup. Walking the Runway Credit: Boeing Astronaut Eric Boe, clad in Boeing's blue spacesuit, poses for a photo at the hatchway of the company's CST-100 Starliner module. Serious Business Credit: Boeing This view of NASA astronaut Eric Boe shows just how the helmet of Boeing's blue spacesuit folds back when not in use. Chris Ferguson Wears Boeing Blue Credit: Boeing Chris Ferguson wears the brand new spacesuit from Boeing and David Clark. Just Right Credit: NASA/Cory Huston A suit technician prepares for a pressure test of Boeing's new spacesuit inside NASA's astronaut Crew Quarters at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Can You Hear Me Now? Credit: NASA/Cory Huston The communications carrier is placed as part of Boeing's new spacesuit designed to be worn by astronauts flying on the CST-100 Starliner. A Dry Run Credit: NASA/Cory Huston A suit technician adjusts the communications cap of a Boeing Blue spacesuit as it will be worn on launch day for the walk to the spacecraft at Space Launch Complex 41 of Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Details Matter Credit: NASA/Cory Huston Another look at how the Boeing Blue spacesuit communications cap fits snugly to an astronaut's head. Movin' on Up Credit: NASA/Cory Huston The flexibility and lightweight nature of the Boeing Blue spacesuit should make the walk to the launchpad easier for future astronauts. Next Stop, Space Credit: NASA/Cory Huston This Boeing photo shows what an astronaut will look like waiting to board a CST-100 Starliner ahead of a launch from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. previous | next Boeing's New Space Duds Credit: Boeing On Jan. 25, 2017, Boeing unveiled the spacesuit astronauts will wear aboard the company's Starliner capsule. Here's a look at the sleek new "Boeing Blue" suit. HERE: Former NASA astronaut Chris Ferguson (Boeing's director of crew and mission systems) wears the blue spacesuit while sitting inside a Boeing CST-100 Starliner test module. NASA has picked Boeing's Starliner capsule, which is designed to launch on United Launch Alliance Atlas V rockets, as a ferry to fly astronauts to and from low-Earth orbit. The Boeing Blue Credit: Boeing A look at the spacesuit astronauts will wear aboard Boeing's Starliner capsule. The spacesuit features several advancements over previous spacesuit designs. It is smaller and lighter, and includes special gloves designed to allow use with touchpad screens. The Astronaut Test Credit: Boeing NASA astronaut Sunita Williams secures the beanie cap of her Boeing Blue spacesuit during tests. Space Traveler Feedback Credit: Boeing As NASA astronaut Eric Boe wears Boeing's new spacesuit, a technician records notes on the suit's performance during testing. Function and Fashion? Credit: Boeing NASA astronaut Eric Boe tests the Boeing Blue spacesuit inside the company's CST-100 Starliner capsule mockup. Walking the Runway Credit: Boeing Astronaut Eric Boe, clad in Boeing's blue spacesuit, poses for a photo at the hatchway of the company's CST-100 Starliner module. Serious Business Credit: Boeing This view of NASA astronaut Eric Boe shows just how the helmet of Boeing's blue spacesuit folds back when not in use. Chris Ferguson Wears Boeing Blue Credit: Boeing Chris Ferguson wears the brand new spacesuit from Boeing and David Clark. Just Right Credit: NASA/Cory Huston A suit technician prepares for a pressure test of Boeing's new spacesuit inside NASA's astronaut Crew Quarters at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Can You Hear Me Now? Credit: NASA/Cory Huston The communications carrier is placed as part of Boeing's new spacesuit designed to be worn by astronauts flying on the CST-100 Starliner. A Dry Run Credit: NASA/Cory Huston A suit technician adjusts the communications cap of a Boeing Blue spacesuit as it will be worn on launch day for the walk to the spacecraft at Space Launch Complex 41 of Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Details Matter Credit: NASA/Cory Huston Another look at how the Boeing Blue spacesuit communications cap fits snugly to an astronaut's head. Movin' on Up Credit: NASA/Cory Huston The flexibility and lightweight nature of the Boeing Blue spacesuit should make the walk to the launchpad easier for future astronauts. Next Stop, Space Credit: NASA/Cory Huston This Boeing photo shows what an astronaut will look like waiting to board a CST-100 Starliner ahead of a launch from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. More Image Galleries Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Boeing soars to a record as Dreamliner flies into profit Boeing is now selling 787 Dreamliners for more than the cost of making the advanced airliner Alan Tovey 25 January 2017 • 8:08pm Boeing shares have soared to a record high as the aerospace and defence giant said its flagship 787 Dreamliner airliner is no longer loss-making and it expects to deliver more airliners this year. After posting annual results that beat analyst expectations, the Seattle-based business shares climbed almost 5pc to $167.85, fuelling the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s rise that saw the US benchmark index smash through the 20,000 level. Investors shrugged off worries about Boeing taking yet another pre-tax charge on the costs of its KC-46 military air-to-air tanker, this time for  $243m as design and technical issues pushed the scheme off track. The 787 is made out of advanced composite materials The share surge came as the business announced annual revenue of $94.6bn, down $1.5bn on last time round, and earnings per share of $7.24, versus the previous year’s level of $7.72. However, the final quarter performance saw core earnings leap to $2.47 per share in the from $1.60 last time. The results also confirmed that the Dreamliner, which uses advanced composite materials instead of aluminium, was finally being manufactured for less than its sales price. Airliner deliveries this year are expected to be between 760 and 765, up from 2016’s level of 748, though more of these will be the small, workhorse 737 jet, than more expensive larger aircraft. Revenues from Boeing’s defence business are expected to help offset the decline in commercial jets, with President Donald Trump widely expected to lift military spending. Donald Trump has raised the prospect of Boeing's F/A-18 jet replacing some of the fleet of F-35 jets Credit: US Navy Mr Trump has asked Boeing to price an updated version of its F/A-18 fighter, having raised concerns about “out of control costs” on the rival F-35 jet made by Lockheed-Martin. Boeing has forecast 2017 revenues of between $90.5bn and $92.5bn, delivering earnings of between $9.10 and $9.30 a share. "We think this release is pretty boring – and boring is good," said Robert Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Shares Boeing Donald Trump Manufacturing industry Show more Business latest 27 Jan 2017, 9:08pm Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.9bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' 27 Jan 2017, 8:58pm Comment: Good start to the new strategy, Mrs May – now the work begins  Andrew Sentance Premium 27 Jan 2017, 8:46pm Comment: Tesco’s Booker bet on Brexit Britain    Allister Heath Premium 27 Jan 2017, 8:10pm Brussels bank capital plan criticised by Bank of England 27 Jan 2017, 5:58pm Food suppliers fear fresh pressure as Tesco swoops on Booker  27 Jan 2017, 5:54pm Why is Tesco buying Booker and what does it mean for shoppers? 27 Jan 2017, 5:43pm Countryside shares dip as majority investor offloads stake, while EasyJet and Pearson struggle 27 Jan 2017, 5:05pm Tesco clinching Booker's Charles Wilson is the biggest win of them all 27 Jan 2017, 3:47pm Shell to announce major retreat from North Sea with $3bn sale of assets to Chrysaor 27 Jan 2017, 1:17pm Alarm sounded over whether Britain can afford £178bn military spending plans 27 Jan 2017, 12:44pm US shale surge stalls weekly oil price gains 27 Jan 2017, 10:51am Alliance Trust to shrink by a quarter 27 Jan 2017, 10:25am Lending to buy-to-let landlords halves at Paragon as new rules take effect 27 Jan 2017, 9:30am BT profits dive in wake of Italian scandal 27 Jan 2017, 9:30am Stepping back from a company can be good for founders – and staff 27 Jan 2017, 9:17am Questor: you've built a portfolio yielding 5.2pc - now conquer the tax Premium 27 Jan 2017, 6:00am Hong Kong investor snaps up Paddington office block for almost £300m 26 Jan 2017, 10:58pm Alphabet shares fade as Google phone costs drag on profits 26 Jan 2017, 8:54pm Comment: It looks like the UK will defy its critics again this year Allister Heath Premium 26 Jan 2017, 8:30pm Comment: Focus on a job applicant’s potential, not their past  Mike Cherry Premium 26 Jan 2017, 8:03pm Comment: A trade deal with the US might be tempting, but at what price?  Juliet Samuel Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Boeing: more airliners, lower defense revenue By DAVID KOENIG The Associated Press First Published Jan 25 2017 01:12PM    •    Last Updated Jan 25 2017 01:12 pm FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Dallas • Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn't stand trial. Honor Code dispute could move Air Force ROTC off BYU campus Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Mysterious fund pays for League of Cities-sponsored stories in Deseret News ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Markets Europe & Middle East Market Snapshot Get email alerts Dow closes above 20,000 milestone as stocks notch records By Anora Mahmudova and Wallace Witkowski Published: Jan 25, 2017 4:21 p.m. ET Share Boeing climbs after upbeat earnings Bloomberg News Boeing shares helped propel the Dow to 20,000. By AnoraMahmudova Reporter WallaceWitkowski Reporter The Dow Jones Industrial Average on Wednesday both crossed and closed above the 20,000 level for the first time, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite also cruised to records after upbeat earnings releases from heavyweights such as Boeing Co. and optimism over the economy. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.04%  surged 155.80 points, or 0.8%, to close at 20,068.51, with Boeing Co. BA, -0.84%  and Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +1.82%  contributing heavily to gains. “Clarity is the markets’ oxygen. The more President Trump provides, the more Dow 20,000 moves to the rear view mirror — Dow 21,000 will soon become the next media obsession,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, in emailed comments. The new president has said he wants to cut corporate taxes and loosen regulations in moves that could potentially help corporate earnings. Since the Dow first crossed 19,000 on Nov. 22, the biggest contributors to the blue-chip average’s quick 1,000-point rise were Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -1.10%  (154.6 points), International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.76%  (90.6 points), Boeing (75.5 points), Walt Disney Co. DIS, +1.15%  (69.8 points), and UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.15%  and Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.01%   tied at 56 points a piece, according to Dow Jones data. Don’t expect, or hope for, 21,000 too soon however, said Ryan Detrick, senior market strategist at LPL Financial, in an interview. That would raise red flags of a top about to blow off. Plus, the February after an election has traditionally been the weakest month for the S&P 500 since 1950, he said. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.09%  gained 18.30 points, or 0.8%, to close at a record 2,298.37, with eight of the main 11 sectors trading higher. Financial and industrials shares were leading gains, while telecoms and real estate lagged behind. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.10% finished up 55.38 points, or 1%, at 5,656.34. The tech-heavy index has outperformed other indexes so far this year, gaining 5.1% year to date. “What’s happening with earnings is driving gains, not just in the U.S., this is a global rally,” Detrick said. Plus, resumed leadership from financial stocks and small-caps point to more positives than negatives, he added. The small-cap Russell 2000 index RUT, -0.36%  rallied 1%, while the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF XLF, -0.38%  jumped 1.7%. Another cautionary signal would also be another big surge in the dollar, he said. “The actual drive upward, and I don’t mean the unimportant level of 20,000 on the Dow, is being driven by a combination of better-than-expected earnings and especially outlooks from companies that suggest that economies in the U.S. as well as in Europe and Asia are in a better shape than we previously thought,” said Kim Forrest, senior analyst and portfolio manager at Fort Pitt Capital Group. Earnings updates: Shares of Alcoa Corp. AA, +1.02%  closed down 2.6% Wednesday after the aluminum giant late Tuesday posted an upbeat forecast for 2017 aluminum demand. United Technologies Corp. UTX, -0.60%  said its quarterly revenue growth was flat but reaffirmed its outlook for the year. Shares fell 0.6%. Boeing Co. BA, -0.84%   shares leapt 4.2% after the aircraft maker reported much better-than-expected earnings in the final quarter of the year. Texas Instruments Inc. TXN, -0.93%  gained 2% after late Tuesday reporting a rise in profit and sales for the fourth quarter. Freeport-McMoRan Inc. FCX, +3.35%  shares fell 3.1% after the company reported fourth-quarter earnings that fell short of Wall Street expectations. Other movers and shakers: Auto makers were among advancers on Wednesday, adding to gains from Tuesday when Trump told bosses of three Detroit car manufacturers he will work to ease environmental regulations and cut corporate taxes. Trump pushes car makers to stay in the U.S.(1:50) President Donald Trump met with auto executives at the White House Tuesday, promising to reduce unnecessary regulations and warning them about moving business overseas. Photo: Getty General Motors Co. GM, -1.36%  added 3.5%, Ford Motor Co. F, +0.97% gained 1.4% and U.S.-listed shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV FCAU, +0.18%  picked up 0.9%. Ford is slated to release earnings on Thursday and here’s what to expect. Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, +0.78%  rose 0.3% after late Tuesday announcing an agreement to buy AppDynamics Inc. US:APPD  for $3.7 billion, just before the tech startup was set for an initial public offering. Other markets: Stocks in Asia closed higher across all major markets and Europe SXXP, -0.30% followed the upbeat mood and finished in positive territory. Oil prices CLH7, -1.08% LCOH7, -1.39%  settled down 0.8% at $52.25 a barrel after U.S. supply data showed a third week of rising inventories. Gold prices GCG7, +0.10%  settled down 1.1% at $1,197.80, while the dollar DXY, +0.03%  fell against most other major currencies. The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  rose 6 basis points to 2.518%. —Sara Sjolin in London contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Trump on Mexico, Meeting Would Be 'Fruitless' Trump Administration's Strained Relationship With Media Continues Trump Orders Wall at Mexican Border Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -7.13 -0.04% BA -1.42 -0.84% CAT +1.77 +1.82% GS -2.63 -1.10% IBM -1.36 -0.76% DIS +1.24 +1.15% UNH +0.24 +0.15% AAPL +0.01 +0.01% SPX -1.99 -0.09% COMP +5.61 +0.10% RUT -4.89 -0.36% XLF -0.09 -0.38% AA +0.37 +1.02% UTX -0.66 -0.60% TXN -0.73 -0.93% FCX +0.53 +3.35% GM -0.51 -1.36% F +0.12 +0.97% FCAU +0.02 +0.18% CSCO +0.24 +0.78% SXXP -1.12 -0.30% CLH7 -0.58 -1.08% LCOH7 -0.78 -1.39% GCG7 +1.20 +0.10% DXY +0.03 +0.03% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% Show all references Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Volume 343.1M Open 20,103 High 20,116 Low 20,073 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $167.70 -1.42 (-0.84%) Volume 4.8M Open $169.21 High $169.80 Low $167.01 P/E Ratio 21.92 Div Yield 3.39 Market Cap 104.4B Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $98.99 +1.77 (+1.82%) Volume 6.3M Open $97.69 High $99.46 Low $97.50 P/E Ratio 57.55 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 56.9B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $236.95 -2.63 (-1.10%) Volume 3.2M Open $236.90 High $237.97 Low $236.01 P/E Ratio 14.48 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 95.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $177.30 -1.36 (-0.76%) Volume 3.4M Open $178.47 High $179.20 Low $177.30 P/E Ratio 14.3 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 169.9B Walt Disney Co. U.S.: NYSE: DIS $109.30 +1.24 (+1.15%) Volume 5.5M Open $108.49 High $109.40 Low $108.15 P/E Ratio 19.11 Div Yield 1.43 Market Cap 171.1B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $162.99 +0.24 (+0.15%) Volume 3.0M Open $163.50 High $163.80 Low $162.62 P/E Ratio 21.82 Div Yield 1.53 Market Cap 154.9B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $121.95 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 20.1M Open $122.14 High $122.35 Low $121.60 P/E Ratio 14.75 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 641.1B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,299 High 2,299 Low 2,292 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,660.78 +5.61 (+0.10%) Volume 0 Open 5,665 High 5,667 Low 5,644 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Russell 2000 Index RssllTk US: RUT 1,370.70 -4.89 (-0.36%) Volume 0 Open 1,376 High 1,376 Low 1,366 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $23.65 -0.09 (-0.38%) Volume 43.5M Open $23.74 High $23.75 Low $23.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.81 Market Cap N/A Alcoa Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AA $36.67 +0.37 (+1.02%) Volume 3.6M Open $36.30 High $37.39 Low $36.27 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.6B United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $109.70 -0.66 (-0.60%) Volume 2.8M Open $110.15 High $110.90 Low $109.61 P/E Ratio 72.17 Div Yield 2.41 Market Cap 90.9B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $167.70 -1.42 (-0.84%) Volume 4.8M Open $169.21 High $169.80 Low $167.01 P/E Ratio 21.92 Div Yield 3.39 Market Cap 104.4B Texas Instruments Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TXN $78.03 -0.73 (-0.93%) Volume 9.6M Open $79.06 High $79.45 Low $77.74 P/E Ratio 23.15 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 79.2B Freeport-McMoRan Inc. U.S.: NYSE: FCX $16.37 +0.53 (+3.35%) Volume 31.4M Open $15.89 High $16.58 Low $15.81 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 21.6B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.01 -0.51 (-1.36%) Volume 10.2M Open $37.52 High $37.59 Low $36.88 P/E Ratio 4.24 Div Yield 4.11 Market Cap 56.7B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.49 +0.12 (+0.97%) Volume 34.5M Open $12.48 High $12.54 Low $12.38 P/E Ratio 6.23 Div Yield 4.8 Market Cap 49.2B Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. U.S.: NYSE: FCAU $11.08 +0.02 (+0.18%) Volume 5.8M Open $11.19 High $11.20 Low $11.04 P/E Ratio 9.47 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 16.8B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $30.98 +0.24 (+0.78%) Volume 18.0M Open $30.76 High $30.98 Low $30.63 P/E Ratio 14.75 Div Yield 3.36 Market Cap 154.3B : () STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 366.38 -1.12 (-0.30%) Volume 0 Open 367.14 High 367.19 Low 365.35 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLH7 $53.20 -0.58 (-1.08%) Volume 474.1K Open $53.74 High $54.08 Low $52.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Brent Crude Mar 2017 U.K. ICE Futures Europe: LCOH7 $55.46 -0.78 (-1.39%) Volume 135.2K Open $56.09 High $56.50 Low $54.86 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Feb 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCG7 $1,191.00 +1.20 (+0.10%) Volume 226.4K Open $1,189 High $1,191 Low $1,180 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 100.56 +0.03 (+0.03%) Volume 0 Open 100.49 High 100.82 Low 100.32 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.48% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.51% High 2.53% Low 2.48% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Home Industry Boeing shrugs off Donald Trump trade fears, reports solid earnings Boeing shrugs off Donald Trump trade fears, reports solid earnings Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings today and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. By: AFP | New York | Published: January 26, 2017 1:45 AM Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. (Reuters) Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings today and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to USD 1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 per cent rise in Boeing shares to USD 168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including USD 312 million in new unexpected costs for KC-46 military tanker program, another in what has been a recurring theme in recent the company’s earnings reports. The report came as the new Trump administration puts its stamp on US policies and openly pressures companies in its “America First” agenda that has sparked worries of protectionism. You May Also Want To Watch: Boeing felt the sting of his Twitter attack in December, when Trump lambasted the company for what he said were runaway costs of the next generation presidential plane, to serve as the famed Air Force One. Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg, who met with Trump twice prior to his inauguration and pledged to work to control costs on Air Force One, said he was confident the new president’s agenda would be good for Boeing and that the US would avoid a trade war. “This is all about helping business being successful,” Muilenburg said in a call with reporters and analysts, adding that he was “very confident” the new administration understands the importance of not alienating China, an important Boeing market. Muilenburg endorsed pro-growth policies such as lower taxes and “fair trade” for the United States, and said higher US defense spending could boost Boeing’s business. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 What the upcoming GST reform means for the common man's pocket FM Jaitley faces a growth-stability dilemma in backdrop of global uncertainty This Union Budget day, make your own budget and achieve life goals Budget 2017: The Make it or Break it one for Modi government Arun Jaitley has a lot of scope to cut tax rates dramatically Trending Now Avalanche warning issued in Jammu and Kashmir Nobel Peace winner Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by President Donald Trump order Assembly elections will confirm PM Narendra Modi is not popular anymore: Tariq Anwar Donald Trump is 'negotiator, not Terminator', says Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Christian women under terror grip in Pakistan Bryan Cranston to make London stage debut South Asian lawyers group condemn Donald Trump's orders on Muslim ban Madhur Bhandarkar condemns attack on Sanjay Leela Bhansali, dubs it as ‘highly shameful’ Punjab polls: Rahul Gandhi to address joint public rallies US President Donald Trump signs order promising 'great rebuilding' of military Kotak Mahindra Bank's ING Vysya Bank integration working well, loan growth to pick up: Nomura  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News Budget 2017: मोदी सरकार ला सकती है गरीबों और बेरोजगारों को हर महीने 1500 रुपए देने की योजना बजट 2017: मिडिल क्लास के लिए वित्त मंत्री अरुण जेटली कर सकते हैं ये 5 बड़े ऐलान सीतारमण ने दिया संकेत, बजट में स्टार्टअप इकाइयों को मिल सकते हैं टैक्स लाभ मुद्रास्फीति में बढ़ोतरी पर उद्योग जगत ने कहा, वृद्धि को बढ़ावा देने वाले सुधारों पर हो जोर Assembly Elections 2017 News बाहुबली मुख्‍तार अंसारी परिवार समेत बसपा में शामिल, तीन सदस्‍यों को हाथोंहाथ मिला विधानसभा टिकट पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी के साथ अपर्णा यादव की सेल्‍फी पर लगे थे कयास, अब पूछा- इसमें गलत क्‍या है? कटियार बोले- राम मंदिर का मुद्दा हमेशा जीवित रहेगा, इस पर कोई समझौता नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Saudi Arabia receives first F-15SA fighter of record-setting weapons order Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Industrials | Wed Jan 25, 2017 | 2:26pm EST Saudi Arabia receives first F-15SA fighter of record-setting weapons order By Katie Paul | RIYADH RIYADH Jan 25 Saudi Arabia flaunted its new F-15SA fighter jet at an airshow in Riyadh on Wednesday, demonstrating that it has begun receiving items purchased six years ago in the priciest-ever U.S. arms sale to a foreign country. King Salman and his son, Defence Minister and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, watched the spectacle as graduates of the King Faisal Air College performed military marches and fighter jets swooped overhead. The Obama administration approved the $60 billion deal in 2010 amid mounting U.S. and Saudi tensions with Iran. The deal dwarfed previous multibillion-dollar sales to Saudi Arabia, which for years has been the biggest U.S. arms buyer. In addition to the 84 Boeing F-15SA fighters, the deal included orders for upgrades to Saudi Arabia's 70 older F-15s, HARM AGM-88 Anti-Radiation Missiles, Laser JDAM and Enhanced Paveway munitions and related equipment and services. The sale was a major win for Boeing, which has faced competition from Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter. Boeing also clinched weapons sales to Qatar and Kuwait last year. "The F-35 was displacing all other players. But fourth generation production models, especially Boeing F-15s, are going to have a longer life than predicted," said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at Virginia-based Teal Group. Riyadh placed its order for the fighter jets to support its chief foreign policy goal of rolling back Iranian influence around the region, according to statements by U.S. officials at the time. Six years later, questions linger about how such expensive hardware will help the kingdom win wars in places like Yemen, where it has struggled to confront what it sees as Iranian expansion since intervening in the civil war in March 2015. Riyadh accuses Iran of backing Yemen's Shi'ite Houthi rebels, who ousted the Saudi-backed government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi from the capital over two years ago. Despite a near-daily campaign of air strikes, Saudi Arabia has yet to impose its will on its southern neighbour. The Houthis and allied forces continue to control Sanaa and much of the rest of Yemen's north. The rebels regularly attack Saudi soldiers at border checkpoints and fire missiles that sometimes reach deep into Saudi territory. "There's no question that impressive equipment has been a boon to the Saudi-led coalition," said Adam Baron, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations. "But ultimately, state of the art weaponry is one thing and the situation on the ground is another." (Reporting by Katie Paul; Editing by Dominic Evans) Next In Industrials UPDATE 1-Boeing machinists in S. Carolina to vote in February on unionizing SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. UPDATE 3-Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico MEXICO CITY, Jan 27 Billionaire Carlos Slim said on Friday that Mexico should not fear Donald Trump, seeing opportunities for his country in the U.S. president's economic policies, and praising Mexicans for uniting behind their government in talks with the northern neighbor. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 32 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Boeing CEO says Trump good for business – despite barbs Trump had tweeted criticism of the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One and Lockheed’s F-35 fighters. Post to Facebook Boeing CEO says Trump good for business – despite barbs Trump had tweeted criticism of the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One and Lockheed’s F-35 fighters.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ktIK51 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Boeing CEO says Trump good for business – despite barbs Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 1:47 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 | Updated 2:50 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 The second Boeing 737 MAX airplane being built is shown Dec. 7, 2015, on the assembly line in Renton, Wash. (Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP) Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Wednesday that he was encouraged by President Trump’s personal engagement on business issues, despite his criticism that slammed the manufacturer during the campaign. After winning the election, Trump tweeted criticism of the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One and Lockheed’s F-35 fighters. But Muilenburg said he appreciated Trump meeting with business leaders and pushing business interests. “I’m very encouraged by President Trump’s engagement,” Muilenburg told reporters during an earnings call. “This is all about providing best capability for our government and our war fighters, at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We’re exactly on the same page there.” Since his inauguration Friday, Trump met Tuesday with chief executives of the largest three U.S. carmakers. Muilenburg also met with Trump in New York during the transition. “I give a lot of credit here to reaching out and directly engaging. President Trump has had business leaders at the table. He’s listening, he’s engaging and making decisions that will help us grow the economy and ultimately U.S. manufacturing jobs,” Muilenburg said. “I’m encouraged by that dialogue. I think having direct, open dialogue is productive and very good for the future.” USA TODAY Trump slams Boeing deal for new Air Force One USA TODAY China inks big deals with Boeing, Cisco Systems During the presidential campaign, Trump slammed Boeing in September 2015 for plans to create a finishing center for 737 aircraft in China. The facility in Zhoushan, south of Shanghai, will install cabin interiors and paint the outside of planes that are built in the U.S. Boeing estimates the global marketplace will need 39,000 planes during the next 20 years, including 6,800 in China. “It’s really important for all of us to understand that healthy trade relationships between the U.S. and China are important," Muilenburg said. "I’m very confident the incoming administration understands that." Boeing is the largest U.S. exporter, with 90% of its workforce in the U.S. and 75% of its sales abroad, Muilenburg said. Expanding sales in China will build manufacturing jobs in the U.S., he said. “Every airplane that goes to that finishing center is being built in the U.S. That’s a great example by making the right targeted investments in China with our partners there, we are able to add volume, increase sales in China,” Muilenburg said. “As we increase sales in China, we increase building planes here in the U.S. That’s U.S. manufacturing jobs. It’s a great example of how growth in China creates growth in U.S. manufacturing jobs.” Muilenburg said Trump’s goals in a tax reform, regulatory reform and trade policy should all spur the economy and benefit manufacturing. “Those are all things that are going to allow us to grow economically and ultimately allow us to grow and add manufacturing capacity in the U.S.,” Muilenburg said. “We’re very supportive of those actions, very confident that those are headed in the right direction and being done with the right tone and tenor.” Trump proclaimed at his inauguration Friday that his priority was “America first,” with a preference for buying U.S. products and hiring U.S. workers. Muilenburg doesn’t anticipate a foreign backlash against potential protectionism. “This is all about helping business be successful, growing the economy. We know in the global business that we operate in, as we grow our business here in the U.S., it provides lift around the world as well,” Muilenburg said. “As we deliver airplanes and we enable global travel and global cargo delivery, it provides overall economic growth around the world as well." Muilenburg said he was encouraged by Trump's pro-business agenda. “We’re going to continue to engage and work very closely with the administration," Muilenburg said. "We’re encouraged by the pro-business agenda. We think it’s going to be good for jobs growth, it’s going to be good for the economy, and in the end good for the aerospace sector and for Boeing." 32 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ktIK51 NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing shares jump on strong fourth-quarter results, 2017 forecast News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing shares jump on strong fourth-quarter results, 2017 forecast Boeing Co posted quarterly profit and operating cash that beat analysts' estimates, and promised an even better performance in 2017, thanks to "relentless" cost cutting, rising productivity and U.S. President Donald Trump's pro-business agenda. Posted 25 Jan 2017 20:50 Updated 26 Jan 2017 03:10 Boeing Co's logo is seen above the front doors of its largest jetliner factory in Everett, Washington, U.S. January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Boeing Co posted quarterly profit and operating cash that beat analysts' estimates, and promised an even better performance in 2017, thanks to "relentless" cost cutting, rising productivity and U.S. President Donald Trump's pro-business agenda. Boeing stock jumped nearly 5 percent to US$168.50 on Wednesday after the company said it expects to generate a record US$10.75 billion in operating cash this year. The sum is up from a record US$10.5 billion in 2016 and well above the US$10.4 billion that analysts had forecast for 2017, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The Chicago-based aerospace and defense company forecast 2017 core earnings of US$9.10 to US$9.30 a share, which exclude some pension and other costs, up from US$7.24 in 2016. Cost-cutting and productivity gains fueled Boeing's strong performance and forecast, and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said he sees no signs of a slowdown on that front. "This will be a relentless effort going forward," he said on a conference call, referring to Boeing's efficiency drive. "While we've made some strong strides over the last couple of years, and you see it reflected in the performance, we have much more ahead of us than what's behind us." Orders for new jetliners have slowed sharply after peaking in 2014. Boeing and rival Airbus have focused on streamlining factories to lower costs and drive profits. Boeing has also benefited from lower costs for parts for its 787 as the plane reaches key production milestones. It delivered its 500th 787 in December. Boeing expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, topping 748 deliveries in 2016, likely enough to keep the title of world's biggest plane maker. Boeing said its outlook showed confidence in its ability to continue smooth operating performance and cost-cutting while raising plane output. Some analysts questioned whether the cash performance will last into 2018, after Boeing cuts production of its 777 by 40 percent this year, begins assembly of the successor 777X model and goes into full production of the KC-46A aerial refueling tanker. Boeing said it took an aftertax tanker-related charge of US$201 million in the fourth quarter due to initial production problems. "And that's not assuming any change in end-market demand, where trends have arguably been weakening," Robert Stallard, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, wrote in a note to clients. Boeing said deliveries of its smaller 737 and 737 MAX models will make up for the decline in 777 production. And it suggested the upward trend in performance won't falter. "Over the remainder of the decade, we continue to expect to see revenue, earnings, and cash flow growth," Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said on the call. The forecast includes a planned increase in the 787 production rate, which has been in question as sales have slowed. Muilenburg said recent meetings with President Donald Trump's show a pro-business attitude that should help Boeing. "I give a lot of credit here," he said. "President Trump has had business leaders at the table. He's listening, he's engaging and is making decisions that will help us grow the economy and ultimately grow U.S. manufacturing jobs." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Additional reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Jeffrey Benkoe) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Sailing News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map John Birmingham That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Movies Music TV & Radio Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets January 26 2017 Save Print Boeing lifts cash, earnings forecasts Julie Johnsson facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Boeing shares reached an all-time high as the 787 Dreamliner emerged from a decade of losses to help the company post rising profit and weather a turbulent market for wide-body jetliners. The world's largest planemaker is counting on the marquee carbon-fiber jet and higher output of its single-aisle 737, a workhorse with discount airlines, to bolster results this year. Boeing forecast higher cash and earnings overnight, while predicting a sales decline as it makes fewer 777 wide-body aircraft. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Boeing is counting on a smooth debut for the upgraded 737 Max while it speeds output by 12 per cent at its narrow-body factory in Renton, Washington, to a record 47 jets a month. Photo: Brent Winstone Investors, focused on Boeing's potential cash bounty, responded favourably. The stock was the top performer among the 30 members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average as the index climbed past 20,000 for the first time. The shares rose 4.9 per cent to $168.35 at 1.25pm on Wednesday in New York. The quarter's results also were a relief compared with last year, when the company caught investors off-guard with a forecast of fewer 737 deliveries. "We think this release is pretty boring - and boring is good," Robert Stallard, an analyst with Vertical Research Partners, said in a report to clients. Boeing has pledged to return all of its cash flow to investors, repurchasing shares and bolstering its dividend as a near-record order backlog shelters the manufacturer from market shocks. The Chicago-based company is counting on improving Dreamliner profitability, resurgent defense spending and a new family of 737 narrow-body jets to counteract rising trade tensions with China and a glut of older twin-aisle planes. Boeing's record share price also reflects a stock buyback binge last year, as the company repurchased 7 per cent of its shares, said George Ferguson, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. While the manufacturer generated $US10.5 billion in cash from operations, it spent $US7 billion on stock, $US4.6 billion on research, $US2.8 billion on dividends and $US2.6 billion on property, plants and equipment. Advertisement "They can't keep spending this way and not continue to dwindle cash balances," Ferguson said. Higher aircraft deliveries forecast Still, revenue will fall to a range of $US90.5 billion to $US92.5 billion this year, Boeing said, as the company slows production of the 777 this month and in the third quarter because of an order shortfall. Analysts had expected annual sales of $US93 billion. While the cuts will mean fewer deliveries of one of Boeing's main profit drivers, total shipments will rise as Boeing cranks up production of the 737, its main source of profit. Boeing expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial airplanes, an increase from last year's 748. Operating cash flow will be about $US10.8 billion, up from the $US10.5 billion generated in 2016. Earnings adjusted for pension expenses will probably be $US9.10 to $US9.30 a share this year, compared with the $US9.24 predicted by analysts. To keep its cash machine humming, Boeing is counting on a smooth debut for the upgraded 737 Max while it speeds output by 12 per cent at its narrow-body factory in Renton, Washington, to a record 47 jets a month. Boeing also benefited as deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell $US215 million to $US27.3 billion, according to the company's website. The plane maker reached the crossover point last year where unit costs for the cutting-edge jetliner finally fell below its sales price. Since then, the balance of deferred costs has started to shrink with each 787 that rolls out of Boeing's factories. The jetliner is the first built of spun carbon-fiber composites rather than aluminium and entered commercial service in 2011, more than three years late. Margin rises, but short of target Fourth-quarter earnings adjusted for pension expenses were $US2.47 a share, despite an $US312 million accounting loss for an aerial tanker program, the company said. That was 15 cents more than analyst had expected. Revenue fell 1.2 per cent to $US23.3 billion, compared with analysts' projection of $US23.1 billion. Free cash flow was $US2.23 billion, while analysts had expected $US2.02 billion. Boeing's commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $US1.47 billion, more than double its result from a year earlier. Results were weighed down by a $US243 million pretax accounting charge for the KC-46 aerial tanker, which is based on a commercial 767 jetliner frame and was knocked off schedule by technical and design issues. The airplane division's operating margin rose to 9.1 per cent from 3.5 per cent, but fell short of the double-digit margin goal set by Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg. The result would have been closer to 11 per cent, according to Bloomberg Intelligence's Ferguson, if not for the accounting cost as Boeing retrofits the first tankers built for delivery to the US Air Force this year. Boeing's defense business earned $US809 million from operations, compared with $US963 million a year earlier, as it absorbed $US69 million of the tanker-related charge. The division's operating margin declined to 11.8 per cent from 12.4 per cent. "It's not surprising," Ken Herbert, an analyst with Canaccord Genuity, said of the latest in a series of tanker charges. "We knew it was going to be a difficult program." Bloomberg Advertisement HuffPost Australia This Man Took Out A Bank Loan To Pay ... Contains: External link Here's What Australian Companies Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Billionaire buddies optimistic for America's future with Trump as president Former Woolworths employee to receive $650K for work injuries Australia is investing billions in a madman Investors tipped to pump $30b-plus into bricks and mortar in 2017 Supermarket soft drink sales slump amid health fears Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Australia is investing billions in a madman Supermarket soft drink sales slump amid health fears Former Woolworths employee to receive $650K for work injuries Sick as: What it's like to be genuinely ill the day after Australia Day Billionaire buddies optimistic for America's future with Trump as president Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Australia is investing billions in a madman The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Donald Trump, Theresa May vow close ties as split surfaces over Russia The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events Man dead after truck rolls over on Kings Highway WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Perth's unluckiest property? South Perth 'coffin' now a watery grave Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets January 26 2017 Save Print Boeing lifts cash, earnings forecasts Julie Johnsson facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Boeing shares reached an all-time high as the 787 Dreamliner emerged from a decade of losses to help the company post rising profit and weather a turbulent market for wide-body jetliners. The world's largest planemaker is counting on the marquee carbon-fiber jet and higher output of its single-aisle 737, a workhorse with discount airlines, to bolster results this year. Boeing forecast higher cash and earnings overnight, while predicting a sales decline as it makes fewer 777 wide-body aircraft. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Boeing is counting on a smooth debut for the upgraded 737 Max while it speeds output by 12 per cent at its narrow-body factory in Renton, Washington, to a record 47 jets a month. Photo: Brent Winstone Investors, focused on Boeing's potential cash bounty, responded favourably. The stock was the top performer among the 30 members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average as the index climbed past 20,000 for the first time. The shares rose 4.9 per cent to $168.35 at 1.25pm on Wednesday in New York. The quarter's results also were a relief compared with last year, when the company caught investors off-guard with a forecast of fewer 737 deliveries. "We think this release is pretty boring - and boring is good," Robert Stallard, an analyst with Vertical Research Partners, said in a report to clients. Boeing has pledged to return all of its cash flow to investors, repurchasing shares and bolstering its dividend as a near-record order backlog shelters the manufacturer from market shocks. The Chicago-based company is counting on improving Dreamliner profitability, resurgent defense spending and a new family of 737 narrow-body jets to counteract rising trade tensions with China and a glut of older twin-aisle planes. Boeing's record share price also reflects a stock buyback binge last year, as the company repurchased 7 per cent of its shares, said George Ferguson, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. While the manufacturer generated $US10.5 billion in cash from operations, it spent $US7 billion on stock, $US4.6 billion on research, $US2.8 billion on dividends and $US2.6 billion on property, plants and equipment. Advertisement "They can't keep spending this way and not continue to dwindle cash balances," Ferguson said. Higher aircraft deliveries forecast Still, revenue will fall to a range of $US90.5 billion to $US92.5 billion this year, Boeing said, as the company slows production of the 777 this month and in the third quarter because of an order shortfall. Analysts had expected annual sales of $US93 billion. While the cuts will mean fewer deliveries of one of Boeing's main profit drivers, total shipments will rise as Boeing cranks up production of the 737, its main source of profit. Boeing expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial airplanes, an increase from last year's 748. Operating cash flow will be about $US10.8 billion, up from the $US10.5 billion generated in 2016. Earnings adjusted for pension expenses will probably be $US9.10 to $US9.30 a share this year, compared with the $US9.24 predicted by analysts. To keep its cash machine humming, Boeing is counting on a smooth debut for the upgraded 737 Max while it speeds output by 12 per cent at its narrow-body factory in Renton, Washington, to a record 47 jets a month. Boeing also benefited as deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell $US215 million to $US27.3 billion, according to the company's website. The plane maker reached the crossover point last year where unit costs for the cutting-edge jetliner finally fell below its sales price. Since then, the balance of deferred costs has started to shrink with each 787 that rolls out of Boeing's factories. The jetliner is the first built of spun carbon-fiber composites rather than aluminium and entered commercial service in 2011, more than three years late. Margin rises, but short of target Fourth-quarter earnings adjusted for pension expenses were $US2.47 a share, despite an $US312 million accounting loss for an aerial tanker program, the company said. That was 15 cents more than analyst had expected. Revenue fell 1.2 per cent to $US23.3 billion, compared with analysts' projection of $US23.1 billion. Free cash flow was $US2.23 billion, while analysts had expected $US2.02 billion. Boeing's commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $US1.47 billion, more than double its result from a year earlier. Results were weighed down by a $US243 million pretax accounting charge for the KC-46 aerial tanker, which is based on a commercial 767 jetliner frame and was knocked off schedule by technical and design issues. The airplane division's operating margin rose to 9.1 per cent from 3.5 per cent, but fell short of the double-digit margin goal set by Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg. The result would have been closer to 11 per cent, according to Bloomberg Intelligence's Ferguson, if not for the accounting cost as Boeing retrofits the first tankers built for delivery to the US Air Force this year. Boeing's defense business earned $US809 million from operations, compared with $US963 million a year earlier, as it absorbed $US69 million of the tanker-related charge. The division's operating margin declined to 11.8 per cent from 12.4 per cent. "It's not surprising," Ken Herbert, an analyst with Canaccord Genuity, said of the latest in a series of tanker charges. "We knew it was going to be a difficult program." Bloomberg Advertisement HuffPost Australia This Man Took Out A Bank Loan To Pay ... Contains: External link Here's What Australian Companies Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Australia should be learning from the likes of Singapore and Shanghai, not Sweden Investors tipped to pump $30b-plus into bricks and mortar in 2017 Billionaire buddies optimistic for America's future with Trump as president Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Supermarket soft drink sales slump amid health fears Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Supermarket soft drink sales slump amid health fears Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Australia should be learning from the likes of Singapore and Shanghai, not Sweden Fast food giants fighting for CBD real estate Australia's gas dreams face major delays WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Perth's unluckiest property? South Perth 'coffin' now a watery grave The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Australia is investing billions in a madman Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events Man dead after truck rolls over on Kings Highway WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Boeing shrugs off Trump trade fears, reports solid earningsAFP – Wed, Jan 25, 2017 7:59 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo Boeing said it expects commercial deliveries to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016 Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings Wednesday and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to $1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 percent rise in Boeing shares to $168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including $312 million in new unexpected costs for KC-46 military tanker program, another in what has been a recurring theme in recent the company's earnings reports. The report came as the new Trump administration puts its stamp on US policies and openly pressures companies in its "America First" agenda that has sparked worries of protectionism. Boeing felt the sting of his Twitter attack in December, when Trump lambasted the company for what he said were runaway costs of the next generation presidential plane, to serve as the famed Air Force One. Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg, who met with Trump twice prior to his inauguration and pledged to work to control costs on Air Force One, said he was confident the new president's agenda would be good for Boeing and that the US would avoid a trade war. "This is all about helping business being successful," Muilenburg said in a call with reporters and analysts, adding that he was "very confident" the new administration understands the importance of not alienating China, an important Boeing market. Muilenburg endorsed pro-growth policies such as lower taxes and "fair trade" for the United States, and said higher US defense spending could boost Boeing's business. The aerospace giant also is "standing by" to provide technology to support Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration, which could mean increased contracts for the sales of unmanned aircraft for surveillance, he said. "And we are standing by to support where we can any US government decisions that are made along that path," Muilenburg said. Trump was expected later Wednesday to announce the first steps in building a massive wall on the Mexican border. Top Stories » Give Libs small business in cabinet: AbetzAAP Former minister Eric Abtez believes the small business portfolio should be put back into cabinet and given solely … London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Boeing just unveiled its slick new 'Starliner' spacesuit to protect a new generation of NASA astronauts Dave Mosher Jan. 25, 2017, 1:26 PM 69,690 facebook linkedin twitter email print Boeing NASA isn't thrilled about having to pay Russia billions of dollars to launch US astronauts on Russian rockets inside of Russian spacesuits. But that's the current spaceflight pickle the space agency finds itself in; there's really no other option unless you're China. However, two aerospace companies — SpaceX and Boeing — are working hard to fulfill contracts for NASA to build and launch astronauts to low-Earth orbit as soon as 2018 (a delay of about 3 years). SpaceX is working on its Dragon spacecraft while Boeing is developing and testing its CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. To that end on Wednesday, Boeing for the first time publicly unveiled a crucial new piece of its Starliner system: A spacesuit to protect the next generation of astronauts as they launch toward the International Space Station, and eventually more exotic destinations like an asteroid or even Mars. Behind the new suit is former astronaut Chris Ferguson, director of Boeing's Starliner Crew and Mission Systems program, and lead designer Shane Jacobs. "Astronauts had formerly had these relatively bulky, heavy suits with thick neck rings. And we learned throughout the years that maybe we didn't need that," Ferguson said in a Boeing promotional video. "We've simplified the suit. It's lightweight." Typical space shuttle suits weighed about 33 lbs (15 kilograms), while Boeing's new suit weighs about 12 lbs (5.4 kilograms) — roughly a few Macbook laptops' worth of mass. The suit, according to Boeing, is also much cooler than typical spacesuits. Below the shoulder material, for example, is a mesh that allows passive airflow to the suit. "You can pretty much lay there without any external cooling. It's that comfortable," Ferguson said. The suit also features a helmet that comes on and off with a large zipper, and smaller and less bulky gloves (which, yes, are made with material that allows them to interact with touchscreens). Here are some of the first public views of Boeing's new spacesuit. View As: One Page Slides This is the new CST-100 Starliner spacesuit that was designed and built by Boeing. Boeing Here's former astronaut Chris Ferguson, one of it's designers, wearing the device. The gloves are compatible with touch screens. Boeing The helmet is attached with a thick, air-tight zipper — no heavy or bulky neck ring required. NASA astronaut Eric Boe is the guy in the suit. NASA Kennedy/Flickr NASA astronaut Suni Williams wears the usual "Snoopy cap" communications systems, which go under the Starliner's helmet. NASA Kennedy/Flickr Here's the helmet fully zipped up. (That's Ferguson again.) Boeing Boe is being strapped into a prototype of the CST-100 Starliner space capsule. Boeing A Boeing worker works with Boe during a test. NASA Kennedy/Flickr The CST-100 Starliner spacecraft will eventually carry up to seven astronauts. NASA Kennedy/Flickr Boe shows off the rest of the suit, including the booties. NASA Kennedy/Flickr SEE ALSO: Here's how much money it actually costs to launch stuff into space DON'T MISS: SpaceX and its biggest competitors are waging a space battle on Capitol Hill More: Boeing Spacesuits CST-100 Starliner NASA Astronauts Engineering Aerospace Space Human Spaceflight Space Transportation Features facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Boeing just unveiled its slick new 'Starliner' spacesuit to protect a new generation of NASA astronauts Boeing just unveiled its slick new 'Starliner' spacesuit to protect a new generation of NASA astronauts NASA isn't thrilled about having to pay Russia... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy US may pressurise India to sign 2 defence pacts Nayanima Basu comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet US President Donald Trump Prime Minister Narendra Modi Investment plans of Boeing, Lockheed Martin may get derailed New Delhi, January 25:   The new US administration is likely to put pressure to move ahead with the remaining two foundational pacts, while India wants speedy implementation of the logistics pact that was signed last year. However, the investment plans of US defence majors Lockheed Martin and Boeing in India may get derailed under President Donald Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” policy. “India may come under pressure from the US to sign the remaining two pacts. The new administration may like to have things in order with which it wants to do serious business. If India is serious about boosting defence ties with US, it has to follow the prescribed rules,” a top US diplomat told BusinessLine requesting anonymity. US signs these pacts only with those countries which it considers to be their “major defence partner”. The remaining two pacts are Communication and Information Security Memorandum of Agreement (CISMOA) and Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement (BECA). Talks yet to start Although India has agreed to sign the pacts, the negotiations have not yet started, as India needs to keep the sensitivities of Russia and China in mind, according to sources. CISMOA allows US to supply India with its proprietary encrypted communications equipment and systems and BECA would enable setting up a framework through which the US could share sensitive data on targeting and navigation with India. India signed a tweaked version of US’ Logistics Services Agreement (LSA) in 2016 and renamed it as Logistics Exchange Memorandum of Agreement (LEMOA). The pact stipulates exchange of logistics support and supplies. It facilitates the provision of services and support that either party may need when in an out-of-country situation. It also ensures that the financial transactions and billing are correct and punctual. During Trump’s phone call to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the new US President stressed on strengthening defence and economic ties, according to a White House press statement. Signing of the foundational pacts was also one of the main issues discussed during Harry B. Harris’s, Commander, Pacific Command, US, visit to India earlier this month just days before Trump’s inauguration. President Trump has already made it clear that his governance will be based on “Buy American, Hire American.” According to sources, this might derail some of the long-term investment plans of American defence firms Lockheed Martin and Boeing which are keen on setting up manufacturing plants in India to produce fighter jets. While Lockheed Martin said it has plans to shift its production line of F-16 to India, Boeing has stressed that it will build F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jets in India. Trump has already criticised both these firms on their investment plans and soaring cost of operations. Both Boeing and Lockheed Martin are facing tough competition from Swedish SAAB and French Rafale on bagging the billion-dollar fighter jet programme from the Ministry of Defence. (This article was published on January 25, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Tata Trusts, Lockheed Martin extend innovation partnerships TOPICS economy, business and finance | manufacturing and engineering | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED CBDT softens the GAAR blow on foreign investors Govt to look into issues of Aadhaar being made mandatory for select schemes CBDT sweetens tax relief for VC and PE funds investing in start-ups Despite global headwinds, Jaitley bullish on growth System not yet ready for cashless economy, RBI Governor tells PAC PSU stakes: Centre begins ‘strategic sale’ process More features to add muscle to BHIM App India will not face any sugar shortage, asserts ISMA Cabinet clears pension scheme for seniors with 8% return DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS Congress opportunistic, a thing of the past, says Modi Pollen Collection Chamber in Coimbatore sbiINTOUCH branch in Bengaluru PSU oil companies, Andhra Pradesh govt ink pacts All TN districts to come under ESI Act soon More » O P E N close Recent Article in Policy States urged to enrol kids for Aadhaar The Centre has written to all states and Union Territories to enrol children below five years for Aadhaar within a reasonable time. <... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Boeing, Caterpillar Lead Markets; Dow Holds Above 20,000 A positive quarter for Boeing helped the Dow Jones Industrial Average to finally smash through its 20,000 milestone. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 25, 2017 11:56 AM EST A positive quarter for Boeing  (BA) helped the Dow Jones Industrial Average to finally smash through its 20,000 milestone. The blue-chip index has flirted with the level since clinching 19,000 in November. Caterpillar  (CAT) also led the Dow higher, rallying on the perceived benefits of a Trump infrastructure plan. Overnight, the president suggested he would deliver details today on his promise to build a wall along the Mexican border. Seagate  (STX) surged following a better-than-expected quarter. The hard drive company also gave guidance for sales in the current quarter above consensus. Seagate has benefited from robust demand for its cloud-storage tech. Brinker  (EAT) fell after warning of weaker sales at its restaurant chains over the full year. The owner of Chili's expects same-store sales over 2017 to decline by as much as 2%. If you liked this article you might like Dow Sets New Record After Smashing Through 20,000 Milestone It finally did it. The Dow Jones Industrial Average smashed through 20,000 after hemming and hawing over the milestone. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 25, 2017 4:11 PM EST Dow Posts Solid Gains After Crossing the 20,000 Milestone After slaying its 20,000 milestone Wednesday morning, the Dow Jones Industrial Average extends gains through the afternoon to make a play for 20,100. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 25, 2017 3:29 PM EST What Next as Dow Breaks Through Historic Milestone? The Dow Jones Industrial Average finally pushes past the 20,000 milestone after teetering close to that level weeks earlier. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EST Trending Letting the Peso Dive Might Be Mexico's Best Revenge Against Trump Chipotle Could Be Crushed by Trump's 20% Mexico Border Tax Earnings, Not Politics, Are Still Driving This Market: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/27/17) These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Get Hot Soon Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Boeing to hire 500 more engineers Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Bengaluru, January 25:   Aircraft maker Boeing plans to hire 500 more engineers for its technology centre here before the year-end. Boeing’s Chief Technology Officer Greg Hyslop told newspersons that the engineers here will work in key technology areas and in areas as diverse as data analytics for next generation aeroplane health management tools, software tools for airlines and airports to improve operations and reduce costs. Boeing’s Chief Information Officer Ted Colbert said the new centre is instrumental in promoting the digital transformation of Boeing by utilising India’s talent seamlessly with the US teams. (This article was published on January 25, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS Who's hiring in 2016? | economy, business and finance | manpower | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Pact with Honda is the ‘best marriage’: Yamaha CEO JSW Steel in talks with bankers to take control of Bhushan Steel ITC’s Q3 net profit rises 6 per cent to ₹2,647 crore Maruti launches new variant of WagonR starting at Rs 4.7 lakh Driverless buses may soon hit Indian roads Vijay Mallya accuses government of witch-hunt Tata Steel close to resolving UK worker-pension issue Mallya hits back at SEBI allegations, calls them a ‘joke’ HOEC seeks to re-open dormant Bay of Bengal oil field India Cements posts ₹35-crore profit in Q3 DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS Congress opportunistic, a thing of the past, says Modi Pollen Collection Chamber in Coimbatore sbiINTOUCH branch in Bengaluru PSU oil companies, Andhra Pradesh govt ink pacts All TN districts to come under ESI Act soon More » From Business Wire Dr G N Rao inducted to Ophthalmology hall of fame IIM Calcutta and NIIT Imperia announce fresh batch for Advanced Program for Marketing Professionals (APMP) DTDC launched its new brand campaign; reiterates its brand positioning of 'Going Beyond the Parcel' Murex named Market Risk Technology Vendor of the year Global advantages of Fairfax County is theme of February events in Hyderabad and Bangalore for SMAC, cyber firms O P E N close Recent Article in Companies ‘TAL’s industrial robot addresses skilled workforce scarcity’ Amit Bhingurde, COO of TAL Manufacturing Solutions Ltd (TAL), explains the introduction of industrial robotics in the country, amidst... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings - 01:12 Alexa versus Siri - 01:53 Mexico tariffs could hurt Americans - 01:40 Goldbean's Jane Barratt on the winners and losers of Trump's first week - 03:22 The ups and down of trading with Trump - 01:51 Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma - 05:46 Cuba launches exports to U.S. - 01:08 Euro zone leaders talk banking rules, unity - 01:37 U.S. growth slows - 01:22 Abe preps for Trump talks after America's TPP exit - 01:23 Apple and Amazon battle to control our homes - 02:13 BT boss tries to reconnect with investors - 01:29 More work for Boeing workers Wednesday, January 25, 2017 - 01:12 The world's largest aerospace manufacturer lifted its forecast for jet production and forecast record cash flow. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript More work for Boeing workers. The world's largest aerospace manufacturer forecast it'll deliver more planes this year. Strong orders for its small body 737 and 737 MAX planes will make up for the planned production cut of its widebody 777s. It also forecast record cash flow. In its latest quarter, Boeing's profit soared 58 percent. Revenue inched lower, but that decline was less than expected. While commercial aircraft sold well, revenue fell sharply for military aircraft. And Boeing said it would take a further charge on its KC-46 Pegasus aerial tanker, a program that is already behind schedule and over budget due partly to design issues. Buckingham Research Group analyst Richard Safran said, "The central focus for investors will be on the 2017 operating cash flow guide - $10.75 billion. We expect Boeing shares to trade higher today, largely due to Boeing's 2017 cash flow guide coming in $550 million above consensus expectations." Boeing shares, up 3 percent this year, added on to those gains at the start of trading. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2k00WpC <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370993031" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close More work for Boeing workers Wednesday, January 25, 2017 - 01:12 Top News » Trump signs order to bar some refugees;... 7:11am IST - (1:34) Anti-abortion activists fired up in Washington... 3:07am IST - (1:46) Hindus wade into the Ganges for 'no moon day' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) French, German leaders visit site of Berlin... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Putin-Trump phone call to take place Saturday Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:31) Gambia's president makes a triumphant return... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Top level State Dept. officers forced out Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) New challenges facing an old 'special... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:48) Trump keen to discuss a TPP alternative with... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:14) Mexico Foreign Minister: paying for wall meant... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Mexico: Trump's wall tax would cost U.S.... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Doomsday Clock ticks closer to midnight Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Rough Cuts » Mudslides slams car into truck, killing... 7:10am IST - (0:40) Trump signs order for rebuilding of military,... 3:47am IST - (1:25) Mexico has "made us look foolish": Trump 12:24am IST - (1:37) Haley presents credentials to U.N. chief... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:43) 'Life is winning again': Pence to... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Trump: Brexit "wonderful" for UK 12:16am IST - (1:00) Trump on Putin: "I hope we have a fantastic... 12:06am IST - (2:03) Trump meets with UK's May at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:38) UK's May arrives at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:34) Miss Universe's preliminary show starts in... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:17) Pro-lifers gather in D.C. to march against... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) UK's May lays wreath at Tomb of the Unknowns Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:07) Technology » Car parks could become 'lungs of the city' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:11) Scientists see a mind controlled virtual... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (2:26) Snow chains for your car that switch on and... Wed, 25 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Three arrested for Facebook Live 'gang-rape' Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) The drone that could herald the end of selfie... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (2:03) Wheat grain size boosted by synthetic chemical Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:16) Understanding your pet's emotions with... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Samsung blames batteries for exploding... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) Digital entrapment for SMEs at every turn Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:49) Oddly Enough » Meet the priest who's also a powerlifting pro Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) Japan sumo champ Kisenosato honoured at Tokyo... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Tycoon brings beauty to Manila amid ugly drug... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:01) Indian snake charmers struggle to keep trade... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Man bites roommate's ear off over Trump fear Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Farmers spray milk powder on EU Council to... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (0:52) Spider milking time at the zoo, all to save... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Animal tech firm combines fashion with health Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Flamenco venue celebrates its 60th anniversary Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (2:07) China's Silk Road hits London for Lunar New... Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Finnish gallery opens exhibition by Juuso the... Wed, 18 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Puppies pound the gridiron for the 13th annual... Tue, 17 Jan, 2017 - (1:29) Entertainment » The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild... 3:53am IST - (1:13) Iranian actress boycotts Oscars over Trump... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Kasabian headline Reading and Leeds festivals Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:05) Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:36) Ryan Gosling and Damien Chazelle bring 'La La... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Shia LaBeouf returns to anti-Trump performance... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Iconic war movie 'Apocalypse Now' getting its... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Madonna says Malawi adoption rumours are... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Sundance doc puts focus on 2022 World Cup... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:49) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Emmy-winning actress Mary Tyler Moore dies at... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year Boeing is facing a slowdown in orders and modest revenue declines, but the company continues to churn out strong earnings and rising free cash flow. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Jan 25, 2017 at 10:01AM 2016 wasn't a great year for Boeing (NYSE:BA). The company had to take special charges in several different lines of business. Moreover, sinking demand for the Boeing 777 forced Boeing to renege on a commitment to keep that production line rolling at a rate of seven aircraft per month through the transition to the next-generation 777X. Nevertheless, Boeing ended the year on a high note. On Wednesday morning, the company reported strong Q4 earnings results and offered a relatively favorable outlook for 2017. Q4 by the numbers Boeing's revenue declined modestly on a year-over-year basis last quarter, due to lower activity in its defense and space segment. Still, earnings per share grew relative to Q4 2015.  Metric Q4 2016 Q4 2015 Growth (YOY) Revenue $23.3 billion $23.6 billion (1.2%) Commercial airplanes deliveries 185 182 1.6% Core operating margin 8.9% 5.3% N/A Free cash flow $2.2 billion $2.5 billion (10.5%) Core EPS (adjusted) $2.47 $2.44 1.2% Total order backlog $473 billion $489 billion (3.3%) Data source: Boeing Q4 earnings releases. In fact, EPS would have been roughly $0.30-$0.35 higher but for a $312 million charge related to the KC-46 Pegasus military tanker. The KC-46 has been a frequent source of special charges for Boeing in recent years, so it's not sensible to exclude this charge as a one-time occurrence. Even so, Boeing remains on track to deliver the first one to the U.S. Air Force later this year, after which the various earnings charges may come to an end. One aspect of Boeing's Q4 performance that may look subpar is its free cash flow, which declined 10.5% year over year. However, this was driven by the timing of receipts versus expenditures. Thanks to strong cash performance during the first three quarters of 2016, Boeing's full-year free cash flow surged by 14.1%, or nearly $1 billion. Boeing 787 profitability continues to rise To meet its cash flow goals in the coming years, it's critical that Boeing continue to improve the profitability of 787 Dreamliner production. Boeing incurred tens of billions of dollars of losses building the first several hundred Dreamliners. However, production turned profitable last year, which is driving declines in the 787 deferred production balance (essentially, a cumulative tally of 787 production losses). Last quarter, deferred production declined by $215 million sequentially. That's an improvement from a $150 million decline during Q3 and a $141 million increase in Q4 2015. This means that over the past year the Dreamliner program's cash profitability has improved by more than $1.4 billion on an annualized basis. 787 production is steadily becoming more profitable for Boeing. Image source: The Motley Fool. The deferred production balance nonetheless remains massive, at $27.3 billion. To recoup those losses, Boeing will need to drive its cash profit margin for 787 deliveries much higher in the next few years. 2017 guidance is fairly good Looking ahead to 2017, Boeing expects revenue to fall by about $3 billion. Most of the decline will come in the commercial airplanes segment. Boeing actually expects to deliver more aircraft this year, but this will be more than offset by a mix shift away from the large and pricey 777 and 747 families toward the smaller and cheaper 737. Military aircraft sales are also expected to decline by about $1 billion year over year. On the other hand, Boeing expects core earnings per share to reach $9.10-$9.30 in 2017, representing solid growth (excluding Boeing's various earnings charges of the past year). This indicates that the company's cost cuts are more than offsetting the weak demand environment -- at least for now. Most importantly, Boeing projects that free cash flow will rise by about $550 million year over year in 2017. That will allow the company to continue rewarding investors with high dividends and share buybacks in the coming year. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Jan 25, 2017 at 10:01AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $167.70 down $-1.42 (-0.84%) Read More What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing Co. Gets Serious About Services Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project 2017: The Year the Air Force Picks Its New Plane Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments700+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Fix For the fourth time in four days, President Trump tweets based on what he sees on TV The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Blake By Aaron Blake January 27 at 10:08 AM Follow @aaronblake Update No. 2: For the fourth time in four days, Trump has pretty clearly responded to something he saw on the news by taking to Twitter. Here's Stelter, once again, with the eagle eye: 7:25am, CNN has Gregg Phillips on, @ChrisCuomo challenges Phillips' lack of voter fraud evidence. 8:12am, Trump tweets about Gregg Phillips. pic.twitter.com/gQAvSAMXlB — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) January 27, 2017 Update Thursday: Trump has now done it again, tweeting that Chelsea Manning is an "ungrateful traitor" 14 minutes after Fox News ran that phrase on its screen, as CNN's Brian Stelter notes. Trump also said it suggested Obama was a "weak leader," as Fox had. 14 minutes apart: Fox says "ungrateful traitor," Trump says "ungrateful traitor," Fox says "weak leader," Trump says "weak leader." pic.twitter.com/f7urTOUG1L — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) January 26, 2017 The original post, from Wednesday morning, is below. Over the past 12 or so hours, President Trump has made two major policy pronouncements via Twitter. On Tuesday night, he said he may “send the Feds!” to combat the “carnage” in Chicago, and on Wednesday morning, he said he planned to launch a “major investigation” of voter fraud. Both of these things can pretty easily be traced back to one source: Trump's television. As the Huffington Post's Michael Calderone noted late Tuesday night, Trump's tweet about Chicago came shortly after Fox News Channel's Bill O'Reilly ran a segment using the exact same statistics. Here's the graphic O'Reilly showed: Here was the graphic on The O'Reilly Factor just over an hour before Trump started tweeting Chicago crime statistics https://t.co/KMYxDiRHOa pic.twitter.com/NwPXeIT3G2 — Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) January 25, 2017 And here's Trump's tweet: If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017 228. 42. 24 percent. All were in the graphic on O'Reilly's show, which is a Trump favorite. Earlier Tuesday afternoon, the idea of a voter-fraud investigation was a major, contentious theme of White House press secretary Sean Spicer's daily briefing. Three journalists pressed Spicer on a very logical question: If Trump truly believed that 3 million to 5 million illegal votes were cast in the 2016 presidential race, why hadn't he called for an investigation of this seemingly major scandal? During the daily briefing, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that widespread voter fraud is a belief President Trump has "maintained for a while." (Reuters) As I wrote Tuesday, he's the president now, and he has professed severe concerns about election integrity and illegal immigrants. So his lack of a call for an investigation after more than two months of pushing this falsehood was conspicuous and suggested that he wasn't terribly serious about it. Well, now he has called for one. Apparently in response to the heated back-and-forths at the televised briefing and the ensuing coverage of those exchanges, Trump tweeted Wednesday morning that he will indeed push for an investigation. The Washington Post's Robert Costa reports that an unnamed Trump aide insists that this has been discussed for a while, but Spicer sure seemed to be slow-rolling the possibility on Tuesday. Update: It's been brought to my attention that NBC's "Today" show ran a fact-check segment featuring chief legal correspondent Ari Melber just minutes before Trump's tweets, in which Melber said the lack of an investigation was "an inconsistency that is very hard to square.” The segment ran starting at 7:07 a.m. Eastern time and featured a discussion of the lack of an investigation as the clock struck 7:10 a.m.; Trump tweeted about the investigation at 7:10. So here we are again, in a situation in which Trump seems to be reacting in significant ways to what he sees on TV and in the media. Last month, Trump tweeted about canceling Boeing's contract for the new Air Force One shortly after a Chicago Tribune article was posted that quoted Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenberg making comments critical of increasing opposition to free trade — in other words, the position central to Trump's presidential bid. (Trump insisted that he hadn't seen the article.) Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 This story in which Boeing CEO expressed concerns about Trump's views on trade posted just before Trump tweet --https://t.co/aBvK87GzzW — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) December 6, 2016 In November, Trump tweeted about how he'd like to punish flag-burners with loss of citizenship of jail time. About half an hour before, Fox News had aired a segment about students at a Massachusetts-based Hampshire College reportedly burning the flag in protest of Trump's election. Timing of Trump's tweet lines up w/ Fox segment at 6:25AM on students burning the flag https://t.co/W7G4Hlw1O6 https://t.co/8M0AC4EfQy — Katherine Faulders (@KFaulders) November 29, 2016 And that's to say nothing of his regular skewering of journalists and news media outlets whose stories and segments he hasn't approved of. Trump himself has basically copped to this behavior. During the campaign, NBC's Chuck Todd asked him where he got his military advice, and his response was, “I watch the shows.” Hillary Clinton's campaign put it in an ad. The difference now, though, is that he's in a position to actually make major policy decisions on it — such as opening a large investigation and sending federal resources to urban areas. Trump has made many bold Twitter pronouncements that appear to have fallen by the wayside — statements about his political views and preferred policies that may reflect momentary whims that will never find their way into official White House action. (Trump hasn't even really talked about flag-burning and Air Force One since his tweets in November and December.) And given the sheer volume of these proclamations, his supporters and even the media will probably forget many of them were ever made. But when something happens like it did Tuesday at the White House news briefing, and Trump responds with a promise for a “major investigation,” it's impossible to ignore the fact that he's now in the position to make that happen quickly — and to be held accountable if he doesn't. We'll see if he actually follows through on either of the things he promised since Tuesday night or if they'll fade into Trump's news-making vortex. But if he does go forward with them, we'll know what set it in motion. politics the-fix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics the-fix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 700+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Blake is senior political reporter for The Fix. Follow @aaronblake Do you like game shows? Do you like politics? Whatever, you’ll LOVE The Ciquizza anyway. Listen on iTunes. Listen on Stitcher. 701 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 The leaks coming out of the Trump White House cast the president as a clueless child 2 Trump pressured Park Service to find proof for his claims about inauguration crowd 3 Donald Trump’s stunning first major interview as president, annotated 4 Reality check: Many of Trump’s early vows will never actually happen 5 The end of Sarah Palin is here Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics the-fix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch New spacesuit by Boeing: First look at the spacesuit that will take astronauts to International Space Station The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Christian Davenport By Christian Davenport January 25 Follow @wapodavenport NASA astronauts will be wearing this spacesuit when they voyage to the International Space Station on Boeing's new Starliner space capsule. (The Washington Post) Do spacesuits always have to be so bulky? Do astronauts have to lumber around like the Michelin man? Or is there a way to design something a bit sleeker, more fashionable? Boeing is set to unveil its new spacesuit on Wednesday, giving a look at a suit designed not by NASA but a commercial company. Boeing is under contract by the space agency to fly NASA astronauts to the International Space Station next year. The suit would be worn by passengers in the new spacecraft Boeing is designing, the Starliner. NASA has hired both Boeing and Elon Musk’s SpaceX to fly crews to the space station. Since the space shuttle was retired in 2011, the United States has not had the ability to fly human passengers, relying instead on Russia. It’s not yet clear whether SpaceX or Boeing would fly first, but whoever does would earn the honor of restoring the country’s ability to fly humans from American soil. This week, Boeing teased out images of its new suit. And it plans to model it on Wednesday, when it also plans to show off a mockup of the Starliner and the launchpad it is renovating on Cape Canaveral.  business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Christian Davenport covers the defense and space industries for The Post's Financial desk. He joined The Post in 2000 and has served as an editor on the Metro desk and as a reporter covering military affairs. He is the author of "As You Were: To War and Back with the Black Hawk Battalion of the Virginia National Guard." Follow @wapodavenport 10 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 In unprecedented move, pension plan cuts benefits promised to retirees 2 Trump wants to ding imports from Mexico. What happens to stuff we send the other way? 3 In these six American towns, laws targeting ‘the illegals’ didn’t go as planned 4 CDC’s canceled climate change conference is back on — thanks to Al Gore 5 A first look at the path NASA astronauts will walk when the U.S. launches humans into space again Market Watch DJIA -0.04% NASDAQ 0.1% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 01/27/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing 2016 net profit down 5%; revenue to decline again in 2017 Boeing 2016 net profit down 5%; revenue to decline again in 2017 Jan 25, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing Related Media Gallery: An inside look at Aeromexico's innovative new Boeing 787-9s Advertisement Boeing reported a 2016 net profit of $4.9 billion, down 5% from net income of $5.2 billion in 2015, marking the company’s second straight year of declining earnings. Full-year 2016 revenue fell 2% year-over-year to $94.6 billion, and Boeing projected revenue will drop again in 2017 to $90.5-$92.5 billion. Boeing’s 2015 revenue of $96.1 billion was a company record. Boeing’s earnings continue to be negatively affected by charges from the 787, 747-8 and KC-46 aerial refueler programs. Boeing is forecasting commercial aircraft deliveries in the 760-765 range in 2017, a rebound from 2016’s fall to 748 deliveries and in line with 2015’s 762 deliveries, which was a company record. Boeing Commercial Airplanes posted a $3.1 billion operating profit in 2016, down 39% from an operating profit of $5.2 billion in 2015. The unit’s 2016 revenue decreased 1% year-over-year to $66.1 billion and full-year operating margin fell three percentage points to 4.8%. Commercial Airplanes revenue is projected to drop again in 2017 to $62.5-$63.5 billion, but the unit’s operating margin is expected to rebound to 9.5%-10%. Boeing took revenue hits in 2016 in both its military aircraft and network & space systems businesses, which reported year-over-year revenue declines of 7% and 9%, respectively. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Delta 2016 net profit down 3% to $4.4 billion Boeing posts $2.3 billion 3Q profit, boosts 2016 revenue guidance   Atlas Air Worldwide posts 1Q net profit, revenue decline   Delta 3Q net profit down 4%; caps capacity growth at 1% through 2017   Southwest earns $2.2 billion 2016 net profit; 44th straight profit Blogs & Commentary Jan 24, 2017 blog Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? Can Alitalia ever be a good-news story? It appears not for Etihad Airways, the Abu Dhabi-based airline that has become the latest in a line of companies to see potential in the Italian flag carrier but for whom good news seems an increasingly distant prospect....More Jan 19, 2017 blog Board games Could organizing passengers on a mat – yes, an actual physical mat - help speed up aircraft boarding and cut turnaround times?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Colabor Group Inc (GCL) PT Raised to C$1.50 at TD Securities Canyon Services Group Inc. (FRC) Price Target Cut to C$8.00 Dirtt Environmental Solutions Ltd (DRT) Price Target Raised to C$8.50 Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Granite Oil Corp (GXO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Enerplus Corp (ERF) PT Raised to C$14.50 at CIBC William Blair Comments on The Blackstone Group L.P.’s FY2016 Earnings (BX) FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Issued By Roth Capital FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Issued By William Blair Vetr Inc. Downgrades Blackline Inc (BL) to Buy Mastercard Incorporated (MA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (AJG) Issues Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts NEX Group PLC (NXG) Insider Charles Gregson Buys 2,806 Shares Michael Adams Purchases 28 Shares of Law Debenture Co. plc (LWDB) Stock Analysts Set Fred’s, Inc. (FRED) PT at $19.00 Churchill Downs, Incorporated (CHDN) Receives $163.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Boeing Company (The) (BA) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 126.01% and a net margin of 4.52%. The firm earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.60 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Boeing Company (The) updated its FY17 guidance to $9.10-9.30 EPS. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 160.55 on Wednesday. Boeing Company has a 12 month low of $102.10 and a 12 month high of $160.93. The firm has a market cap of $99.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.53 and a beta of 1.05. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $157.13 and a 200-day moving average price of $141.39. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.54%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 66.36%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/boeing-company-the-ba-issues-quarterly-earnings-results.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on the company. Vetr upgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $150.88 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. TheStreet upgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Argus increased their price objective on Boeing Company (The) to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $91.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $149.77. In other Boeing Company (The) news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at approximately $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. MV Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. MV Capital Management Inc. now owns 919 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the period. 74.50% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home News Articles NYSE:BA Boeing's fourth quarter beats forecasts, but 2017 sales guidance weaker than expected Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:30 25 Jan 2017 The world's biggest maker of jetliners said its fourth-quarter earnings rose to US$1.63bn, or US$2.59 a share, up from US$1.03bn, or US $1.51 a share a year earlier. Boeing’s revenues in the final quarter of 2016 fell by 1.2% to US $23.29bn, but that still beat consensus Aerospace giant Boeing Co. (NYSE:BA) saw its fourth quarter 2016 sales and earnings beat forecasts, but its 2017 sales guidance was lower than expected. The world's biggest maker of jetliners said its fourth-quarter earnings rose to US$1.63bn, or US$2.59 a share, up from US$1.03bn, or US $1.51 a share at the same stage a year earlier. Boeing’s revenues in the final quarter of 2016 fell by 1.2% to US $23.29bn, but that still beat the US$23.13bn consensus forecast. For 2017, the aircraft maker said it expects adjusted EPS of US$9.10 to US$9.30, in-line with consensus of US$9.25, but its revenue guidance of US$90.5bn to US$92.5bn was below expectations for US$$92.96bn. Boeing said it expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, higher than the 748 deliveries it made in 2016. Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing’s chairman, president and chief executive officer , said: “We led the industry in commercial airplane deliveries for the fifth consecutive year, achieved healthy sales in our defense, space and services segments, and produced record operating cash flow, which fueled investment in innovation and our people and generated significant returns to shareholders" The group said commercial aerospace sales in the fourth-quarter rose by 1% to US$16.24bn, slightly below forecasts. Military aircraft sales dropped 18% to US$2.62bn, although that beat expectations, and network and space systems sales fell 8% to US$1.80bn, also above forecasts. Boeing shares, which  have soared 29% higher over the past 12 months, were up around 1% in pre-market trading in New York. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Jon Hopkins Register here to be notified of future BA Company articles View full BA profile Boeing Timeline Article January 13 2017 Boeing ready for take-off in India after securing US$22bn deal Article December 06 2016 Trump takes aim at Boeing over Air Force One costs Newswire July 22 2016 Boeing shares dip after Q2 charges warning Article July 11 2016 Boeing Co upbeat on aerospace outlook despite 'Brexit' Newswire March 30 2016 Boeing to cut 4,500 jobs as jet demand slows Newswire January 27 2016 Boeing hits turbulence as it misses fourth quarter estimates Newswire December 08 2015 Boeing introduces 737 Max 8 Newswire October 29 2015 Boeing sells Dreamliners to El AL Israel Article October 21 2015 Boeing raises full year guidance as third quarter results beat Newswire September 24 2015 UPDATE-Boeing gets $38bn in contracts, commitments from China View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Boeing View full company profile Boeing is the world's leading aerospace company and the largest manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, Boeing designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles... Read more Boeing is the world's leading aerospace company and the largest manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, Boeing designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles and advanced information and communication systems Hide text Proactive Investors Recommended Tomco Energy assessing West African palm oil venture Alliance Pharma confident despite 'Brexit' uncertainty Rame Energy widens finance options with new deals International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC
Saturday, January 28, 2017  |  Rabea Al Thani 30, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Dubai International Airport's Terminal 3. The US jet maker saw fourth-quarter net income surge. Jeff Topping / The National Boeing net income soars even as revenue loses altitude January 25, 2017 Updated: January 25, 2017 07:09 PM Related Emirates adds to daily Boeing 777 services to capital of Kenya Singapore Airlines replaces Boeing 777 on two-stop route Chastened Boeing chief praises Trump after Air Force One talks Boeing fails to hit heights of 2015 on orders for last year Related Emirates adds to daily Boeing 777 services to capital of Kenya Singapore Airlines replaces Boeing 777 on two-stop route Chastened Boeing chief praises Trump after Air Force One talks Boeing fails to hit heights of 2015 on orders for last year Topics: Boeing Boeing beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defence business. The company forecast Wednesday that deliveries of commercial airplanes will rise slightly ths year after slipping last year. Boeing expects full-year earnings in 2017 to range between Us$9.10 and $9.30 per share, about in line with analysts’ forecast of $9.25 per share. The company’s revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets, however. Boeing and its European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada’s Bombardier and Russia, Japan and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing’s government business could also come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defence and space business could fall by up to 5 per cent, including a drop in sales of military jets. Boeing said on Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 per cent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 per cent to $23.29bn, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13bn but below the Zacks average of $23.45bn. For 2017, Boeing predicted that revenue will be between $90.5bn and $92.5bn with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96bn. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416bn, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing have increased 3 per cent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 index has climbed about 2 per cent. The stock has climbed 29 per cent in the past 12 months. * AP business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Southwest Airlines beats profit forecasts on fare price hike Raytheon hit as F-35 missile maker’s sales slow Ryanair targets Lufthansa’s Frankfurt hub to increase services Qantas relaunches Beijing route after eight-year gap MOST VIEWED Business | All Bombardier wins CRJ900 jet order from Irish carrier CityJet UAE and India pledge to boost bilateral trade by 60% Language of money best left to the present Owning cars, watches or art – directly or via a fund – is an investing option Emirates slashes fares on routes to US, rekindling Open Skies tension Dubai mum on a mission to bridge the special needs learning gap UAE military contingent participates in India’s Republic Day parade Abu Dhabi Investment Council’s stake in ADCB rises after lender’s capital reduction Money & Me: The education company marketing manager who has been taught a lesson in finance Gold set to surge on Sharia standard More Most Viewed Matchmaking advertising billboards taken down in Dubai ‘Ninety bodies found’ at Libyan ISIL camp bombed by US Trump changes his mind on Nato Harvard students’ visit to UAE focuses on government innovation US businessman arrested after anti-Muslim tirade at JFK Life lessons: ‘My mother is British ... but I am 100 per cent Emirati’ Top Gear cast in Dubai for two-day shoot Etisalat services back on after glitch Burj Khalifa and Adnoc tower light up in colours of Indian flag Emirati and Indian musicians release song to celebrate their countries’ friendship - video More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought: Trump and Iraq’s oil Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent Municipality fee means for you Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Uncertain times in UAE football as China flexes its financial muscle Christo cancels Arkansas project and will now focus on Abu Dhabi’s The Mastaba About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Close Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 49° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Testimony over, closing arguments set in Luna brothers’ trial After more than a week’s worth of testimony in the capital murder trial of former U.S. Border Patrol agent Joel Luna and his brother, Eduardo, closing arguments are expected to begin today. Posted: January 26 rss Texas News American Airlines meets 4Q profit forecasts O'Hare flights drop in 2016; Atlanta busiest airport again Long, storied history behind the footballs of the NFL Trump voters thrilled with promised action on border wall More delays in executions as some states find lethal drugs Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest The Latest: Dimitrov fights back to win 4th against Nadal AP Updated MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — The Latest on Friday at the Australian Open (all times local): Updated: 7:02 am Sports, Women's Sports, Australian Open Tennis Championships More From The Latest Vonn avoids more serious injury in downhill training crash To stand out at Super Bowl LI, ads are going for stunts American basketball player OK after eye pops out of socket Serena, Venus say all-Williams Aussie final is a win-win Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Brad Nettles Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) Posted: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 12:14 pm | Updated: 12:45 pm, Wed Jan 25, 2017. Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue Associated Press | DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: EU slaps China, Taiwan with steel anti-dumping duties Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall ARTICLE: Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall The Latest: Trump criticized by former Mexican president The Latest: Trump criticized by former Mexican president More about Earnings Reports American Airlines meets 4Q profit forecasts ARTICLE: American Airlines meets 4Q profit forecasts World shares drift, Asia trading thin as markets watch Trump World shares drift, Asia trading thin as markets watch Trump ARTICLE: UBS reports 22-percent drop in 4Q net amid tax effects More about Earnings American Airlines meets 4Q profit forecasts ARTICLE: American Airlines meets 4Q profit forecasts World shares drift, Asia trading thin as markets watch Trump World shares drift, Asia trading thin as markets watch Trump ARTICLE: UBS reports 22-percent drop in 4Q net amid tax effects Discuss Print Posted in Business, Texas on Wednesday, January 25, 2017 12:14 pm. Updated: 12:45 pm. | Tags: Business, Earnings Reports, Earnings, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Earnings Estimates, Earnings Surprises | Location Tags: Chicago, Illinois, United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes RIO HONDO On the River with Fishing pier. Studio Apartment posted: January 27 Brownsville House for Sale 1010 Silver Oak Dr. 3 Bdrm $143,900 Updated: 5:00 am Edinburg & Pharr TH style apt. 2 & 3/2 appl/ Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2013 M-B GLK SUV Updated: 5:01 am 2016 Masarati Ghibli, All Power, Very Fast, Must Drive. Call Updated: 5:01 am Buick ENCLAVE 2012, nice and clean, 55K miles, $23.995. Call $24 posted: January 27 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; Boeing Profit Beats Views Lisa Levin , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 25, 2017 10:04am   Comments Share: Related GNW Earnings Scheduled For November 3, 2016 A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Signal Higher Start On Wall Street Wells Fargo: China Oceanwide likely to cut Genworth offer to $3.43/share (Seeking Alpha) Related UBSH Earnings Scheduled For January 24, 2017 20 Stocks Which Rallied Three Days On Increasing Volume Union Bankshares declares $0.20 dividend (Seeking Alpha) Following the market opening Wednesday, the Dow traded up 0.56 percent to 20,023.44 while the NASDAQ climbed 0.68 percent to 5,639.28. The S&P also rose, gaining 0.52 percent to 2,291.94. Leading and Lagging Sectors Financial shares gained around 0.84 percent in trading on Wednesday. Meanwhile, top gainers in the sector included Genworth Financial, Inc. (NYSE: GNW), and Union Bankshares Corporation (NASDAQ: UBSH). In trading on Wednesday, telecommunications services shares slipped by 0.30 percent. Meanwhile, top losers in the sector included Vodafone Group Plc (ADR) (NASDAQ: VOD), down 3 percent, and PLDT Inc (ADR) (NYSE: PHI), down 3 percent. Top Headline Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) reported better-than-expected results for its latest quarter, but issued a weak sales forecast. Boeing’s quarterly earnings increased to $1.63 billion, or $2.59 per share, compared to $1.03 billion, or $1.51 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding non-recurring items, the company’s adjusted earnings came in at $2.47 per share. Its revenue declined 1 percent to $23.29 billion. Analysts were expecting earnings of $2.34 per share on revenue of $23.13 billion. For 2017, Boeing projects adjusted earnings of $9.10 to $9.30 per share, on revenue of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. Analysts projected earnings of $9.25 per share on revenue of $92.96 billion. Equities Trading UP Arctic Cat Inc (NASDAQ: ACAT) shares shot up 41 percent to $18.49 after the company agreed to be acquired by Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) in a $247 million all-cash deal. Shares of Bob Evans Farms Inc (NASDAQ: BOBE) got a boost, shooting up 22 percent to $58.33 after the company agreed to sell its restaurants unit to Golden Gate Capital for $565 million. The company also plans to acquire Pineland Farms Potato Company for $115 million. Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDTI) shares were also up, gaining 32 percent to $2.62 after the company disclosed that it has partnered with DENSO Products and Services Americas Inc. to provide its technology to the North American heavy-duty market. Equities Trading DOWN Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ: VIVO) shares dropped 26 percent to $12.25 after the company reported weak Q1 results and lowered its FY17 guidance. The company also reduced its quarterly dividend to $0.125 per share. Shares of Horizon Global Corp (NYSE: HZN) were down around 11 percent to $18.65. Horizon Global reported proposed offerings of common stock and convertible senior notes and announced preliminary unaudited 2016 financial results. Unifi, Inc. (NYSE: UFI) was down, falling around 11 percent to $27.99. Unifi reported Q2 adjusted earnings of $0.34 per share on revenue of $155.2 million. Commodities In commodity news, oil traded down 0.62 percent to $52.85 while gold traded down 0.63 percent to $1,206.00. Silver traded down 1.13 percent Wednesday to $16.99, while copper fell 0.18 percent to $2.70. Eurozone European shares were higher today. The eurozone’s STOXX 600 gained 1.22 percent, the Spanish Ibex Index rose 1.82 percent, while Italy’s FTSE MIB Index climbed 0.76 percent. Meanwhile the German DAX gained 1.66 percent, and the French CAC 40 rose 1.10 percent while U.K. shares rose 0.45 percent. Economics The Energy Information Administration’s weekly report on petroleum inventories is schedule for release at 10:30 a.m. ET. The Treasury will auction 5-year notes at 1:00 p.m. ET. Posted-In: Earnings News Guidance Eurozone Commodities M&A Global Intraday Update © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ACAT + BA) 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 26, 2017 Wall Street's M&A Chatter From January 25 Boeing, GM, Qualcomm And More: Fast Money Picks For January 26 Guy Adami Is Bullish On Boeing Look For Textron's Arctic Cat Acquisition To Go Smoothly View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GNW Trending Recent 1 TER, NOW: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 MYL, UNH: Could Pharmacy Benefit Managers Be Trump's Next Target? 3 DRYS: Why Is DryShips Allowed To Keep Reverse Splitting? 4 TKPYY, SGYP: Takeda's Speculative Interest In Synergy Soo... 5 MSFT, COG: The Sectors Hedge Funds Are Most Bullish... 6 SBUX, WDC: 15 Stocks To Watch For January... 7 UEC, URA: The Potential 'Rip... 1 INTC, MSFT: 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 2 INTC: Technical Alert: Intel At Highest Level Since January 2001 After... 3 SBUX: Technical Alert: Starbucks Lower After Mixed Q4 Report 4 MSFT: Pieces To The Microsoft Puzzle Begin To Fall Into Place As... 5 GLD: Technical Alert: Gold Futures Lower For Third Day In A Row 6 PYPL: Look For PayPal's Growth Momentum To Continue... 7 USO: Technical Alert: Crude Oil Rally Stalls At Thurs... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook's Q4 Earnings Report: A Primer Melco Crown Shares Upgraded Amid Strength In Manila
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Kensho Stats Start Over| ‹ Here's how to trade Friday's big GDP report, based on history These 3 ETFs could be winners if the Trump rally hits a speed bump These stocks could lead the Dow to its next milestone in this Trump-led economy Hopeful investors typically bid up stocks during the first 100 days Here's what beats the market when inflation is rising like it is now Here's your investing playbook if the 'Trump trade' unwinds Here’s how stocks should react if Bill Gross is right about a bond bear market These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam This ETF has a perfect 'Santa Claus rally' track record These stocks could take the Dow to 25,000 in the Trump economy This could keep the Dow below 20,000 Stocks often stumble after second rate hike, history shows Here's what did well after the Fed hiked at the same time last year Here's who wins if the 10-year Treasury yield goes to 3 percent next These stocks post big gains one week before a Fed hike Breaking the 3% GDP barrier, these stocks should work These stocks may rally on Fidel Castro's death Who wins when housing beats expectations Surging dollar could derail the Trump postelection rally Best Dow stocks to own in ideal Trump economy Ride the Trump reflation trade Pro-Clinton stocks: Statistics Facebook weakness could linger M&A boom not good for returns Trading the strong GDP report 3 winners from mega chip deal Don't buy the Apple dip Dollar's golden cross A play on Apple's earnings Trading media after mega deal Trading oil's $50-$60 range How to trade the rising dollar Trading the oil rally How to trade the jobs report How to trade Hurricane Matthew How to trade gold's plunge Trading surging oil prices Volatility set to surge 5 stocks for Nasdaq breakout Trading the Fed decision Trading Intel's good news How to profit from volatility Trading the iPhone event How to trade the GDP release Fed Jackson Hole trades Trading $50 oil Trading Wal-Mart's earnings beat Trading the Fed minutes Trading the summer doldrums Trading the retail comeback Trading Macy's earnings beat Traders bet on volatility Trading the Nasdaq record August market surprise ahead? How to trade the jobs report Oil’s troubles may continue Late-summer swoon stocks Playbook for sluggish growth Trading the BOJ stimulus FANG rally may not last Profit from oil's drop to $40 5 stocks for a Nasdaq record Overvalued safe stocks Don't rush to buy Netflix dip Post-bond rally buys Strong bank earnings stocks Earnings season rally? 10 trades for the jobs report Ten dovish Fed minutes trades Plunging yields & stocks: Study When markets wake up to reality Third-quarter ETF winners Third-quarter winners What fueled today's rally?    › Kensho Stats These stocks could lead the Dow to its next milestone in this Trump-led economy John Melloy | @johnmelloy Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 10:06 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Stephen Brashear | Getty Images A Boeing 737 MAX 8 airliner lifts off for its first flight on January 29, 2016 in Renton, Washington. Cisco and Boeing may be the stocks that lead the Dow Jones industrial average to its next milestone if the macroeconomic trends emerging under President Donald Trump of faster economic growth, increasing inflation and rising rates continue, a study shows. There were 17 periods since 1981 that matched the key macroeconomic conditions of today of GDP growth greater than 2 percent, CPI increases greater than 2 percent and a 10-year yield above 2.5 percent, according to Kensho, a hedge fund analytics tool. During those periods (of varying time lengths), these were the best performing Dow members, on average, according to Kensho: John MelloyInvesting Editor of CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change .DJIPLCFH --- CSCO --- Kensho Stats Here's how to trade Friday's big GDP report, based on history These 3 ETFs could be winners if the Trump rally hits a speed bump These stocks could lead the Dow to its next milestone in this Trump-led economy Hopeful investors typically bid up stocks, sell bonds during the first 100 days of a new president Here's what beats the market when inflation is rising like it is now To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Saturday 28 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad expands B787 network in the Levant, Far East ABU DHABI, 2 days ago Etihad Airways today unveiled plans for the deployment of its new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners to key Levant and Far East markets in 2017.   With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, they will gradually be introduced on a number of routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub beginning March 1.   The 299-seat Dreamliners will be deployed on daily year-round scheduled services to Amman and Beirut, as well as to Beijing, Shanghai and Seoul. In addition, the 787-9 will operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months.   Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 10 Boeing 787-9s to nine destinations – Düsseldorf, Zurich, Perth, Brisbane, Tokyo, Singapore, Riyadh, Johannesburg and Washington – from Abu Dhabi. With a further 61 Dreamliners due to be delivered over the next few years, the 787s will become Etihad Airways’ flagship long-haul aircraft. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways chief executive officer, said: “Since introducing our first 787 into commercial service almost two years ago, we have enjoyed excellent feedback from guests on our ground-breaking cabin interiors that have set a benchmark for high service levels in the region and across the world. “With the additional cities joining our 787 network during 2017, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft.” He added: “Today’s travellers are increasingly looking for greater comfort, higher standards, more choice and better convenience as priorities in their decision-making and we, at Etihad Airways, are striving to meet their high expectations through innovations such as introducing new planes to the fleet and continuing to upgrade our routes.” Etihad Airways’ Boeing 787-9s include highly-acclaimed interiors featuring 28 Business Studios and 271 Economy Smart Seats, offering superior levels of comfort, entertainment and in-flight connectivity. On-board décor and lighting have been inspired by contemporary modern Arabian design, complementing the signature ‘Facets of Abu Dhabi’ identity introduced by the airline during its livery relaunch in 2014. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Dreamliner | Levant | Network | far | East | B787 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Desert Adventures Tourism eyes German-speaking tourist markets Boeing Q4 revenues down 1pc to $23.3bn Farhat Tours celebrates successful 10 years Fun-filled shopping experience awaits Bahrain's mall visitors Farhat International promotes two team members Kempinski Palm Jumeirah to host Kempinski Avenues 2017 Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel scoops 20 awards at Horeca Ascott appoints new director of sales in Muscat 'Google Search' top choice for travel inspiration Autumn Fair opens in Bahrain Connections Events gets top recognition at Eventex Awards Enjoy a romantic getaway at Al Wadi Desert, Ras Al Khaimah Mövenpick Hotels accelerates expansion plans Abu Dhabi records 4.4m tourists in 2016 New Muscat airport terminal to open by 2017 end RJ booth at Madrid tourism fair attracts large visitor numbers Abu Dhabi airport traffic tops 24.5m in 2016 Oman Air opens new grooming centre Stratajet partners with Mr and Mrs Smith Turkish Airlines, PIA expand code share deal Spain Tourism launches new website for GCC customers Seventh Boeing 787 joins RJ fleet Copperchase wins $500m Iraq airport contract Dubai 'popular timeshare destination for Africans' Hyatt Regency debuts in Riyadh Carlson Rezidor to open 17 hotels across ME Dubai's First Central Hotel Suites receives Green Key certification Central Park to be main attraction of new Cityland Mall Emirates offers special fares to its US network SR Technics redelivers VVIP aircraft in record time of 41 days Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm DOW HITS 20,000 FOR THE FIRST TIME: Trump trade points to 21,000 Patti Domm | @pattidomm Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 10:21 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer: To get to the next level, we need Trump's tax breaks    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 9:59 AM ET | 01:50 Wall Street's bull should keep running even after its race to Dow 20,000 from its last thousand-point milestone, but it's much more likely to slow to a trot before it reaches 21,000. The Dow crossed 19,000 on Nov. 22 and continued to gain, as the Trump trade swept the market higher. The best performing Dow stocks since then are Goldman Sachs, Disney and Boeing. Gains in Caterpillar, Boeing, JPMorgan and Travelers helped push the Dow across the 20,000 marker on the opening Wednesday. "Individual investors have started buying again, really since the election," said Jeff Kleintop, chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab. "A psychological number like 20,000 helps to continue that trend, helps to bring in investors that have been sitting in cash and it really helps to keep the money flow coming in. We see this as a positive year, largely because of the individual investor, and not just corporations buying back stock any more." Kleintop added that he sees modest gains for the market. The move higher was not a straight line. Stocks lost some momentum in the last several weeks while the market consolidated gains. "We do think bigger picture, this bull market, out into next year should continue," said Ryan Detrick, senior market strategist at LPL Financial. "It took a little bit longer than I expected to get to 20,000, and the recent consolidation was nice to work off the overbought conditions coming into this year." Detrick said while 20,000 is getting the attention, the action under the surface is encouraging and in some ways more important. He said the rally in small caps Tuesday and Wednesday signals that they may regain leadership which would be a plus for the overall market. Detrick said the previous record for a 1,000-point gain was 24 days from the time the Dow first crossed 10,000 to 11,000, in 1999. "Normally it takes 24 months to go from each thousand-point level. We did it in two months," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA. The Dow has closed at record highs 17 times since Election Day. It came within 0.037 point — 19,999.63 — during the Jan. 6 trading day. The first trip to to a five-digit number was a big event for the stock market, when the Dow reached 10,000 in 1999, the height of the tech bubble. But it was a failed start, and the Dow crashed back to the 6,547 in the depths of the financial crisis in March 2009 before returning to 10,000 later that year. "It took 17 years. That's a long time to double in value," said Wharton finance professor Jeremy Siegel. "We were at the top of the biggest bubble at the end of 1999 that we've ever been in. This is nowhere like the bubble we had before. I think the market is much more reasonably valued than when we hit 10,000." Siegel expects the market to keep moving higher on the back of promises from President Donald Trump to cut taxes and regulations, but it will have to see action to keep moving. "I don't think we're going to get to 21,000 as fast as we went from 19,000 to 20,000. It's going to take a quarter," said Siegel. Trump has suggested tariffs for companies that move out of the U.S. and has said he wants to change trade deals. Those things concerned investors during the election, and traders are eyeing his moves on trade. "That is a risk out there. Probably if we knew for sure he wasn't going that way, the market would be even higher than it is," said Siegel. Analysts say the market could consolidate after it hits 20,000 and while it waits to see more signs that the economy is stronger and will support improving earnings. Reaching 21,000 too quickly would be a negative. "I would really get scared if that were the case. We're already in the beginning of a 'FOMO' environment — fear of missing out," said Stovall. Stovall said on average, the market rose another 4 percent over the next 2½ months after the Dow reached a new 1,000-point milestone. Then it would decline by 5 percent or more. There were two times when it did not digest gains before reaching the next 1,000 threshold. Once was the move to 11,000 in 1999, and then again in 2007. "The longer we go, it's more borrowed time," said Stovall. "I would say that we would experience a pullback, or a correction but definitely not a correction." Stovall points out the bull market is set to enter its eighth year on March 9. "Bull markets go out with a bang, not a whimper. It makes me feel confident that we're not coming to the end of a bull market," he said. Detrick said he expects to see Dow 21,000 in 2017. "You don't want it to make 21,000 too fast. That could be some sort of blow off equity top." Stovall said big numbers don't really mean much but they can excite investors. "It's like a gigantic magnet that pulls investors towards it, and sort of becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. The question is what happens once we eclipse it?" He said the millennium levels are like rusty doors, requiring several pushes before they break open. "Usually that honeymoon period lasts for 100 days, and interesting that the honeymoon ends in April, the traditional sell-in-May period," he said. It's a positive that financial stocks are leading the Dow's gains, but it's because there are expectations of higher rates and that some banking regulations will be lifted. "The financials is much more of a Trump situation because of the expected lifting of regulatory pressures, combined with the Fed's effort which would steepen the yield curve and improve their net interest income prospects," said Stovall. Stovall said the financials are an early-cycle mover. "They're sort of like the Dow Transports, from a Dow theory perspective. They have to confirm upward moves," he said. Since just before the election on Nov. 1, the financial sector was up 18 percent, followed by materials, up 12.5 percent and industrials, up 11 percent. Consumer discretionary is up 8.6 percent. Those sectors could continue to gain. "Since 1990, the cyclical sectors, materials and discretionary and tech have traditionally outperformed the S&P 77 percent of the time in the November through April period," he said. Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- GS --- JPM --- UNH --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 11:46 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing sees higher 2017 plane deliveries as earnings jump Wednesday January 25, 2017 10:26 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Apple’s Siri faces fierce battle with Amazon’s Alexa The Edit: Michelle Williams teams up with Jonah Hill for ‘Mid-90s’ Malala says ‘heartbroken’ over Trump’s plan for refugees Trump doubles down feud, says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of US Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Boeing also beat expectations with earnings jumping to US$1.6 billion (RM7.08 billion) in the final quarter of 2016, compared to the same period a year earlier. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 25 — US aerospace giant Boeing projected higher commercial aircraft deliveries in 2017 compared with last year, and reported a 59 per cent surge in fourth-quarter earnings today. Boeing said it expects commercial deliveries to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. While Boeing has described commercial aircraft as generally robust, in December it announced plans to cut production on the long-range 777 plane due to slackening demand. The company also beat expectations with earnings jumping to US$1.6 billion (RM7.08 billion) in the final quarter of 2016, compared to the same period a year earlier, due partly to an uptick in commercial aircraft that helped offset lower profits from Boeing’s military division. But the comparison to the prior year was boosted by a large charge in the fourth quarter of 2015. “With solid fourth quarter operating performance and a sharp strategic focus, we extended our aerospace market leadership in our centennial year and positioned Boeing for continued growth and success in our second century,” chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said. For 2017, Boeing projected revenues between US$90.5 billion and US$90.2 billion, down US$94.6 billion last year. The firm reported US$23.3 billion in revenues in the latest quarter, down 1.2 per cent. Boeing shares rose 0.8 per cent to US$161.83 in pre-market trading. ― AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years Ringgit ends lower against US dollar US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reutes Video: Miss Universe’s preliminary show starts in Manila Reuters Video: Ryan Gosling brings ‘La La Land’ to Tokyo Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles Boeing studies bigger 737 for midrange market Boeing sees US$2.1b cost on 787 dreamliners, air tanker Iran, Boeing reach deal on purchase of 100 planes, Tehran says Boeing plans to further speed up 767 aircraft production Boeing’s US$18b jet haul tops Airbus at Paris Air Show Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Saturday, January 28, 2017  |  Rabea Al Thani 30, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Etihad will fly its Boeing Dreamliner 787-9s on its new Levant and Far East services. Courtesy Etihad Airways Etihad Airways to deploy new Dreamliners on Levant and Far East routes Chris Nelson January 25, 2017 Updated: January 26, 2017 10:59 AM Related Lebanon opens five oil and gas blocks for bids on licences Etihad’s James Hogan to step down this year Executive travel: Etihad a smooth option from Kathmandu to Abu Dhabi Etihad doubles up on Abu Dhabi to Dusseldorf route Etihad confident partner strategy can help group weather challenging year ahead for aviation Related Lebanon opens five oil and gas blocks for bids on licences Etihad’s James Hogan to step down this year Executive travel: Etihad a smooth option from Kathmandu to Abu Dhabi Etihad doubles up on Abu Dhabi to Dusseldorf route Topics: Etihad Airways More air travellers to and from the Levant and Far East will soon be able to enjoy flying aboard Etihad Airways’ new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners. With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the jetliners will gradually be introduced on a number of routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub beginning March 1, Etihad said. The 299-seat Dreamliners will be deployed on daily year-round scheduled services to Jordan and Lebanon, as well as to Beijing, Shanghai and South Korea. In addition, the 787-9 will operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months. Etihad currently operates a fleet of 10 Boeing 787-9s to nine destinations – Düsseldorf, Zurich, Perth, Brisbane, Tokyo, Singapore, Riyadh, Johannesburg and Washington – from Abu Dhabi. With a further 61 Dreamliners due to be delivered over the next few years, the 787s will become Etihad’s‚ flagship long-haul aircraft, the carrier said. "Since introducing our first 787 into commercial service almost two years ago, we have enjoyed excellent feedback from guests on our ground-breaking cabin interiors that have set a benchmark for high service levels in the region and across the world," said Peter Baumgartner, the Etihad Airways chief executive. "With the additional cities joining our 787 network during 2017, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft. "Today’s travellers are increasingly looking for greater comfort, higher standards, more choice and better convenience as priorities in their decision-making and we, at Etihad Airways, are striving to meet their high expectations," he added. Etihad’s Boeing 787-9s include 28 business studios and 271 economy seats. The 787-9 is proving popular with Chinese airlines, too. China’s Juneyao Airlines has announced an order for 10 Boeing 787-9s, comprising five firm orders and five options. At a list price of between US$189 million and $200m each, that would equate to an investment of up to $2 billion. The aircraft will facilitate the Shanghai-based carrier’s rapid international expansion, it said. According to the airline’s filing released by the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Tuesday, Juneyao is scheduled to take delivery of three 787s in 2018 and two in 2019, which will increase capacity by 9.2 per cent in 2018 and 4.4 per cent per cent in 2019. If the five options are converted into firm orders, the carrier will introduce one 787 in 2019 and four in 2020, which will increase capacity by 6.6 per ent in 2019 and 8.9 per cent in 2020. Etihad’s new service times are as follows: From March 1, the daily flight EY 862 to Shanghai departs Abu Dhabi at 22:10 and arrives in the Chinese city at 10:10am +1. The return flight, EY 867, leaves at 23:30 and arrives back in Abu Dhabi at 06:30 +1. From March 26, the daily service to Amman in Jordan, EY 513 leaves the UAE capital at10:30am and arrives in Amman at 12:40. The return EY 514 flight departs the Jordanian capital at 15:05, landing back in Abu Dhabi at 19:05. The seasonal daily flight to Athens in Greece, EY 91, starts on June 1 and runs until September 30. It leaves at 08:45am, arriving in the Greek capital at 13:00. The return EY 90 leaves Athens at 14:25, arriving back in Abu Dhabi at 20:20. From July 1, the daily year-round service to Beijing, flight EY 888, departs Abu Dhabi at 21:30, arriving in the Chinese capital at 08:50am +1. The return EY 889 service leaves Beijing at 01:25am and arrives back in Abu Dhabi at 06:30am. The daily flight EY 876 to Seoul, South Korea, effective from August 1, leaves Abu Dhabi at Seoul, arriving in the Korean capital at 11:55 +1. The return leg leaves Seoul at 00:55am, arriving in Abu Dhabi at 05:50am. And finally, also as of August 1, the daily service to Beirut, EY 535, leaves Abu Dhabi at 09:20am, landing in the Lebanese capital at 12:40. The return EY 538 leaves Beirut at 14:05 landing back in Abu Dhabi at Abu Dhabi 19:30. chnelson@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Southwest Airlines beats profit forecasts on fare price hike Raytheon hit as F-35 missile maker’s sales slow Ryanair targets Lufthansa’s Frankfurt hub to increase services Qantas relaunches Beijing route after eight-year gap MOST VIEWED Business | All Bombardier wins CRJ900 jet order from Irish carrier CityJet UAE and India pledge to boost bilateral trade by 60% Emirates slashes fares on routes to US, rekindling Open Skies tension Owning cars, watches or art – directly or via a fund – is an investing option UAE military contingent participates in India’s Republic Day parade Language of money best left to the present Abu Dhabi Investment Council’s stake in ADCB rises after lender’s capital reduction Gold set to surge on Sharia standard Singapore Airlines replaces Boeing 777 on two-stop route Dubai mum on a mission to bridge the special needs learning gap More Most Viewed Matchmaking advertising billboards taken down in Dubai ‘Ninety bodies found’ at Libyan ISIL camp bombed by US Trump changes his mind on Nato Life lessons: ‘My mother is British ... but I am 100 per cent Emirati’ Top Gear cast in Dubai for two-day shoot Harvard students’ visit to UAE focuses on government innovation US businessman arrested after anti-Muslim tirade at JFK Emirati and Indian musicians release song to celebrate their countries’ friendship - video Etisalat services back on after glitch NFL: Futures of Ben Roethlisberger, Tony Romo and other quarterbacks in flux More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought: Trump and Iraq’s oil Q&A: What Abu Dhabi’s 3 per cent Municipality fee means for you Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Uncertain times in UAE football as China flexes its financial muscle Christo cancels Arkansas project and will now focus on Abu Dhabi’s The Mastaba About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Saturday 28 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Seventh Boeing 787 joins RJ fleet AMMAN, 2 days ago Royal Jordanian has taken delivery of a new Boeing 787 (Dreamliner) as part of the national carrier's plans to modernise its long-haul fleet, the airline said. The new aircraft landed at Queen Alia International Airport straight from Boeing manufactures in Seattle and is the seventh Dreamliner to become part of the airline fleet. RJ president/CEO Captain Suleiman Obeidat expressed satisfaction with the addition of this new 787 to the currently operating six aircraft of the same type, which RJ started to receive at the end of 2014. He said that this aircraft along with the sixth aircraft which joined the fleet in November 2016 are on capital lease, while the first five are operationally leased. The Dreamliners replace the Airbus 340s and 330s the company previously had. Obeidat said that the 787s paved the way for RJ to step into a significant new era, a step that pushes the national carrier of Jordan forward in terms of inflight services and route network, enhancing its regional and international competitiveness. He added that all new 787-8 aircraft, together with the operating A320 family and Embraer jets, help RJ meet its operational needs and leverage passengers’ experience. Today RJ’s fleet age does not exceed five years, a young, and modern, fleet when compared regionally and internationally. Obeidat pointed out that the wide-body, revolutionary aircraft is capable to fly long distances with full load non stop, making it a suitable choice for RJ to run it to North America, the Far East and Europe. The state-of-the-art features and high specifications of the 787s offer higher levels of comfort and luxury to the RJ clients. The Dreamliners have improved ventilation and humidity levels onboard, taking the travel experience to a new level, offering passengers more comfort and significantly reducing jetlag. It is also designed to be able to monitor safety and inform the ground systems about the need of maintenance. Customers in all classes experience cabin environment improvements, such as LED mood lighting, larger windows, bigger overhead bins, lower cabin altitude and enhanced ventilation systems, among other features. The aircraft is built of carbon-fiber composite materials and has a powerful electrical system to reduce weight and improve fuel efficiency. It consumes 20 per cent less fuel than today’s similarly sized airplanes, enabling it to offer an exclusive eco-friendly performance. The new planes also enable airlines to increase their cargo revenues by providing about 20 to 30 per cent more cargo capacity than the current airplanes of the same size. - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Boeing | Dreamliner | fleet | 787 | RJ | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Desert Adventures Tourism eyes German-speaking tourist markets Boeing Q4 revenues down 1pc to $23.3bn Farhat Tours celebrates successful 10 years Fun-filled shopping experience awaits Bahrain's mall visitors Farhat International promotes two team members Kempinski Palm Jumeirah to host Kempinski Avenues 2017 Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel scoops 20 awards at Horeca Ascott appoints new director of sales in Muscat 'Google Search' top choice for travel inspiration Autumn Fair opens in Bahrain Connections Events gets top recognition at Eventex Awards Enjoy a romantic getaway at Al Wadi Desert, Ras Al Khaimah Mövenpick Hotels accelerates expansion plans Abu Dhabi records 4.4m tourists in 2016 New Muscat airport terminal to open by 2017 end RJ booth at Madrid tourism fair attracts large visitor numbers Abu Dhabi airport traffic tops 24.5m in 2016 Oman Air opens new grooming centre Stratajet partners with Mr and Mrs Smith Turkish Airlines, PIA expand code share deal Etihad expands B787 network in the Levant, Far East Spain Tourism launches new website for GCC customers Copperchase wins $500m Iraq airport contract Dubai 'popular timeshare destination for Africans' Hyatt Regency debuts in Riyadh Carlson Rezidor to open 17 hotels across ME Dubai's First Central Hotel Suites receives Green Key certification Central Park to be main attraction of new Cityland Mall Emirates offers special fares to its US network SR Technics redelivers VVIP aircraft in record time of 41 days Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Boeing sees higher 2017 plane deliveries as earnings jumpAFP – Wed, Jan 25, 2017 2:45 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo Boeing said it expects commercial deliveries to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016 US aerospace giant Boeing projected higher commercial aircraft deliveries in 2017 compared with last year, and reported a 59 percent surge in fourth-quarter earnings on Wednesday. Boeing said it expects commercial deliveries to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. While Boeing has described commercial aircraft as generally robust, in December it announced plans to cut production on the long-range 777 plane due to slackening demand. The company also beat expectations with earnings jumping to $1.6 billion in the final quarter of 2016, compared to the same period a year earlier, due partly to an uptick in commercial aircraft that helped offset lower profits from Boeing's military division. But the comparison to the prior year was boosted by a large charge in the fourth quarter of 2015. "With solid fourth quarter operating performance and a sharp strategic focus, we extended our aerospace market leadership in our centennial year and positioned Boeing for continued growth and success in our second century," chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said. For 2017, Boeing projected revenues between $90.5 billion and $90.2 billion, down $94.6 billion last year. The firm reported $23.3 billion in revenues in the latest quarter, down 1.2 percent. Boeing shares rose 0.8 percent to $161.83 in pre-market trading. Top Stories » Give Libs small business in cabinet: AbetzAAP Former minister Eric Abtez believes the small business portfolio should be put back into cabinet and given solely … London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing shrugs off Trump trade fears, reports solid earnings By Afp Published: 14:02 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 14:02 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail Boeing reported solid fourth-quarter earnings Wednesday and forecast higher commercial airplane deliveries in 2017, while its chief dismissed fears US President Donald Trump could start a trade war. The US aerospace giant saw a 59 percent surge in earnings to $1.6 billion compared with final quarter of the prior year, beating expectations. The jump was due to higher commercial aircraft deliveries and a one-time charge in late 2015 that made the comparison more favorable. Boeing said it expects commercial deliveries to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016 ©SAUL LOEB (AFP/File) Boeing also said it expects commercial deliveries in 2017 to rise to between 760 and 765 aircraft this year, up from 748 in 2016, as the firm works through a backlog of orders. Deliveries are tied to revenues and closely monitored by Wall Street. The report sparked a 5.0 percent rise in Boeing shares to $168.43 at midday, helping to propel the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000-point milestone for the first time. Investors shrugged off some negative aspects of the Boeing results, including $312 million in new unexpected costs for KC-46 military tanker program, another in what has been a recurring theme in recent the company's earnings reports. The report came as the new Trump administration puts its stamp on US policies and openly pressures companies in its "America First" agenda that has sparked worries of protectionism. Boeing felt the sting of his Twitter attack in December, when Trump lambasted the company for what he said were runaway costs of the next generation presidential plane, to serve as the famed Air Force One. Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg, who met with Trump twice prior to his inauguration and pledged to work to control costs on Air Force One, said he was confident the new president's agenda would be good for Boeing and that the US would avoid a trade war. "This is all about helping business being successful," Muilenburg said in a call with reporters and analysts, adding that he was "very confident" the new administration understands the importance of not alienating China, an important Boeing market. Muilenburg endorsed pro-growth policies such as lower taxes and "fair trade" for the United States, and said higher US defense spending could boost Boeing's business. The aerospace giant also is "standing by" to provide technology to support Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration, which could mean increased contracts for the sales of unmanned aircraft for surveillance, he said. "And we are standing by to support where we can any US government decisions that are made along that path," Muilenburg said. Trump was expected later Wednesday to announce the first steps in building a massive wall on the Mexican border. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: BA, UTX, TXT, AAPL, GPS, JBLU & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 8:25 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks to Watch: January 25, 2017    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 8:25 AM ET | 00:46 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Boeing — Boeing earned $2.47 per share for the fourth quarter, 12 cents a share above estimates. Revenue also exceeded forecasts. The company's full-year outlook fell short of Street estimates, however. Boeing also expects to deliver 760 to 765 jets this year, compared to 748 last year. United Technologies — United Technologies matched estimates, with quarterly profit of $1.56 per share. Revenue was also in line with expectations. The results were improved over a year ago, helped by better sales at the Pratt & Whitney engine unit. Textron — The maker of Bell Helicopters and Cessna aircraft reported adjusted quarterly profit of 80 cents per share, missing estimates by 7 cents a share. Its full-year outlook also fell short of Street forecasts. Separately, Textron announced a deal to buy recreational vehicle maker Arctic Cat for $247 million, or $18.50 per share in cash. Apple — Apple is close to striking a tax and incentives deal with Indian government officials to manufacture products in India, according to The Wall Street Journal. Gap Inc. — The apparel retailer announced the departure of Banana Republic unit president Andi Owen late next month. The apparel retailer's CEO, Art Peck, will oversee Banana Republic while the company searches for a successor. JetBlue — JPMorgan Chase upgraded the airline's stock to "overweight" from "neutral," while downgrading Southwest to "neutral" from "overweight," based on current valuations and near term passenger revenue figures. Alcoa — Alcoa reported adjusted quarterly profit of 14 cents per share, 10 cents a share below estimates. The aluminum producer's revenue was above estimates on higher prices. It was Alcoa's first quarterly report since the old Alcoa renamed itself Arconic and spun off the aluminum producing unit, which took the Alcoa name. Michaels Cos. — Michaels gave weaker-than-expected guidance, as well as announcing a secondary stock offering of 18 million shares. The shares are currently held by company stockholders, with the arts and crafts retailer intending to repurchase eight million of those shares. Texas Instruments — Texas Instruments beat estimates by 6 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of 88 cents per share. The chipmaker's revenue also exceeded Street forecasts. Texas Instruments was helped by particularly strong results in its automotive and industrial markets. Capital One Financial — Capital One fell 15 cents a share shy of consensus estimates, with quarterly profit of $1.45 per share. The credit card company also saw revenue fall short. The shortfall was due in part to a 27 percent jump in the company's provision for credit losses. Discover Financial — Discover reported quarterly profit of $1.40 per share, 2 cents a share above estimates. The credit card issuer's revenue was slightly higher than forecasts. Discover saw strong loan growth, although its customer delinquency rate also rose. Intuitive Surgical — The company exceeded Street forecasts by 10 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of $6.09 per share. The surgical products maker's revenue beat consensus, as well. Revenue rose by double digits, although the company is also accelerating its spending. Stryker — Stryker beat estimates by 2 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of $1.78 per share. Revenue was very slightly above forecasts, however the medical device maker said sales and profits would improve at a slower pace in 2017. Cree — Cree doubled estimates, with adjusted quarterly profit of 20 cents per share. The LED lighting products maker also saw revenue exceeding estimates. Seagate Technology — Seagate reported adjusted quarterly profit of $1.38 per share, 30 cents a share higher than forecasts. The hard disk maker's revenue came in above estimates, as well. Seagate is seeing strong demand for cloud-based products, shifting emphasis away from traditional storage. Cisco Systems — Cisco announced a deal to buy software maker AppDynamics for $3.7 billion. AppDynamics was in the process of planning an initial public offering and had been expected to price tonight. Cisco made the deal with an eye toward boosting its enterprise software product lineup. Wells Fargo — The bank's branch managers were warned at least 24 hours in advance when internal inspections were about to take place, according to The Wall Street Journal. The story focused on how the improper sales practices that recently came to light could have gone on for as long as they did. Bob Evans Farms — Bob Evans is selling its restaurant business to private-equity firm Golden Gate Capital for $565 million. Bob Evans will now focus on its packaged food business. Plains All American Pipeline — Plains is buying a crude oil gathering system in the Permian Basin from Concho Resources for about $1.22 billion. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- ACAT --- LUV --- AR --- ARNC --- CXO --- PAA --- BOBE --- WFC --- CSCO --- STX --- TXT --- AAPL --- UTX --- SYK --- DFS --- COF --- CREE --- MIK --- TXN --- ISRG --- GPS --- JBLU --- AA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Business Home LBoard Salleh: Latest on BMF, forex scandals put Mahathir in awkward position Bernama Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing expects to deliver more planes in 2017 Reuters | January 25, 2017 Boeing forecast operating cash flow of about $10.75 billion in 2017. The company reported cash flow of $10.50 billion in 2016. UNITED STATES: Boeing Co said on Wednesday it expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, higher than 748 deliveries in 2016. The world’s biggest maker of jetliners said it expected 2017 core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, in the range of $9.10-$9.30 per share on revenue of $90.5 billion-$92.5 billion (72.00 – 73.59 billion pounds). Boeing forecast operating cash flow of about $10.75 billion in 2017. The company reported cash flow of $10.50 billion in 2016. The company’s core earnings rose to $2.47 per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $1.60 a year earlier. Revenue fell 1.2 percent to $23.29 billion. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Cuepacs: Penutupan 14 pejabat Tourism Malaysia terlalu drastik Trump to seek ‘major investigation’ on voter fraud – Twitter ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Bimbang dan teruja bawa isteri Melayu sambut Tahun Baharu… ‘MAS ruined our CNY’ claim by blogger goes viral Gong Xi Fa Chai, Ah Lam! US$10 billion forex loss: Cabinet seeks BNM’s views Seluar diimport dari China bukan Israel, kata Giant No ethnic Chinese in Malaysia Airline’s CNY video… RTD man dies after parang attack Petronas in tight spot over Rapid project A nation of bystanders The young Malaysian terrorist: A profile ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB A nation of bystanders Gong Xi Fa Chai, Ah Lam! Returning to politics that’s driven by policy Let’s keep our focus on things that matter Chinese voters and MCA’s revival MCA’s 4 options on Hadi’s bill More... FMT Bahasa Dilema Dr Mahathir selepas CIA dedah laporan lama, kata Salleh Ke mana semua Cina dalam video ini? Muda, jahil, tetapi ikhlas mahu berjuang ‘demi Islam’ Seluar diimport dari China bukan Israel, kata Giant MCA gembira dengan pelaburan China Tiada kaum boleh hidup sendiri, kata Hadi dalam ucapan Tahun Baharu More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Boeing beats on earnings despite a big drop in military sales Bob Bryan Jan. 25, 2017, 8:00 AM 1,058 facebook linkedin twitter email print Boeing Boeing, the aerospace giant, reported stronger than expected earnings for its fourth quarter on Wednesday morning. The company reported earnings of $2.47 per share, topping analysts estimates of $2.32 per share. For revenue, Boeing generated $23.3 billion against analysts' expectations of $23.1 billion. The company's outlook for 2017 came in at $9.10 to $9.30 per share for the full year, analysts had a midpoint expectation of $9.24 per share. The company says it delivered 926 commercial and defense aircraft over the full year. Revenue from defense aircraft did fall by 18% for the quarter from the same period in 2015, and income from military sales dropped by 34% from the fourth quarter a year ago. Revenue from commercial deliveries was up by 1% for the quarter. "We led the industry in commercial airplane deliveries for the fifth consecutive year, achieved healthy sales in our defense, space and services segments, and produced record operating cash flow, which fueled investment in innovation and our people and generated significant returns to shareholders," said CEO Dennis Muilenburg in a press release announcing earnings. Following the news, Boeing stock is up slightly. Shares were up 1.43% at $162.85 in pre-market trading as of 7:48 a.m. ET. SEE ALSO: The biggest companies in the world are excited about one of Trump's key economic plans NOW WATCH: Here's how to use one of the many apps to buy and trade bitcoin Loading video... More: Boeing Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Boeing beats on earnings despite a big drop in military sales Boeing beats on earnings despite a big drop in military sales Boeing, the aerospace giant, reported stronger... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing shares jump on strong 4th-qtr results, 2017 forecast By Reuters Published: 14:05 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 14:05 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott Jan 25 (Reuters) - Boeing Co posted quarterly profit and operating cash that beat analysts' estimates, and promised an even better performance in 2017, thanks to "relentless" cost cutting, rising productivity and U.S. President Donald Trump's pro-business agenda. Boeing stock jumped nearly 5 percent to $168.50 on Wednesday after the company said it expects to generate a record $10.75 billion in operating cash this year. The sum is up from a record $10.5 billion in 2016 and well above the $10.4 billion that analysts had forecast for 2017, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The Chicago-based aerospace and defense company forecast 2017 core earnings of $9.10 to $9.30 a share, which exclude some pension and other costs, up from $7.24 in 2016. Cost-cutting and productivity gains fueled Boeing's strong performance and forecast, and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said he sees no signs of a slowdown on that front. "This will be a relentless effort going forward," he said on a conference call, referring to Boeing's efficiency drive. "While we've made some strong strides over the last couple of years, and you see it reflected in the performance, we have much more ahead of us than what's behind us." Orders for new jetliners have slowed sharply after peaking in 2014. Boeing and rival Airbus have focused on streamlining factories to lower costs and drive profits. Boeing has also benefited from lower costs for parts for its 787 as the plane reaches key production milestones. It delivered its 500th 787 in December. Boeing expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, topping 748 deliveries in 2016, likely enough to keep the title of world's biggest plane maker. Boeing said its outlook showed confidence in its ability to continue smooth operating performance and cost-cutting while raising plane output. Some analysts questioned whether the cash performance will last into 2018, after Boeing cuts production of its 777 by 40 percent this year, begins assembly of the successor 777X model and goes into full production of the KC-46A aerial refueling tanker. Boeing said it took an aftertax tanker-related charge of $201 million in the fourth quarter due to initial production problems. "And that's not assuming any change in end-market demand, where trends have arguably been weakening," Robert Stallard, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, wrote in a note to clients. Boeing said deliveries of its smaller 737 and 737 MAX models will make up for the decline in 777 production. And it suggested the upward trend in performance won't falter. "Over the remainder of the decade, we continue to expect to see revenue, earnings, and cash flow growth," Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said on the call. The forecast includes a planned increase in the 787 production rate, which has been in question as sales have slowed. Muilenburg said recent meetings with President Donald Trump's show a pro-business attitude that should help Boeing. "I give a lot of credit here," he said. "President Trump has had business leaders at the table. He's listening, he's engaging and is making decisions that will help us grow the economy and ultimately grow U.S. manufacturing jobs." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Additional reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Jeffrey Benkoe) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Boeing Expects to Deliver More Planes in 2017 ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Boeing Expects to Deliver More Planes in 2017 Published January 25, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago (Copyright Reuters 2017) Boeing said on Wednesday it expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, higher than 748 deliveries in 2016. Continue Reading Below The world's biggest maker of jetliners said it expected 2017 core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, in the range of $9.10-$9.30 per share on revenue of $90.5 billion-$92.5 billion. Boeing forecast operating cash flow of about $10.75 billion in 2017. The company reported cash flow of $10.50 billion in 2016. The company's core earnings rose to $2.47 per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $1.60 a year earlier. Revenue fell 1.2 percent to $23.29 billion. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing beats 4Q profit forecasts By Associated Press Published: 08:02 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 08:02 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail CHICAGO (AP) — Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. On a per-share basis, the Chicago-based company said it had net income of $2.59. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, came to $2.47 per share. The results surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $2.34 per share. FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) The airplane builder posted revenue of $23.29 billion in the period, falling short of Street forecasts. Five analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $23.45 billion. Boeing expects full-year earnings in the range of $9.10 to $9.30 per share, with revenue in the range of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. Boeing shares have increased 3 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has climbed roughly 2 percent. The stock has climbed 29 percent in the last 12 months. _____ This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BA at https://www.zacks.com/ap/BA _____ Keywords: Boeing, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing expects to deliver more planes in 2017 By Reuters Published: 07:41 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 07:41 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail Jan 25 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Wednesday it expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, higher than 748 deliveries in 2016. The world's biggest maker of jetliners said it expected 2017 core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, in the range of $9.10-$9.30 per share on revenue of $90.5 billion-$92.5 billion. Boeing forecast operating cash flow of about $10.75 billion in 2017. The company reported cash flow of $10.50 billion in 2016. The company's core earnings rose to $2.47 per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $1.60 a year earlier. Revenue fell 1.2 percent to $23.29 billion. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TWITTER WARFARE American companies are bracing for a new kind of “natural disaster”: a mean tweet from Donald Trump Written by Michael J. Coren Obsession "America First" January 25, 2017 Incoming. (David Goldman / AP Photo) Share Written by Michael J. Coren Obsession "America First" January 25, 2017 Say what you will about his hands, but Donald Trump now has the most powerful thumbs in the world. Even before he was sworn in as president, Trump tapping out tirades on Twitter regularly spooked investors and sent CEOs scurrying to save their stock price. No company appears to be safe (and woe to those closing US factories). Trump tweets have wiped billions of dollars off public companies’ share values, and ignited national boycotts by irate customers. Victims of Trump’s attention form a roll call of blue-chip stocks: Lockheed Martin, Toyota, Carrier, Ford, General Motors, and Boeing have all been in Trump’s crosshairs, directly or indirectly. A new industry is emerging in response. Consulting, communications, and public affairs firms in Washington DC have been inundated with calls to help insulate clients from Trump’s attacks via social media. They’re offering strategic advice to protect against the nightmare scenario: a direct assault by the president of the United States. The new playbook for firms bracing for the impact of a Trump presidency involves risk assessments, cultivating Congressional allies, recording testimonials, and rapid response teams for Twitter and Facebook. Of the eight DC firms Quartz spoke to this month, all were discussing crisis plans with clients to deal with a negative Trump tweet. Several were in the midst of formalizing packages as a kind of insurance plan. One global strategy firm told Quartz it had issued a company-wide directive saying that Trump’s tweets should be treated the same way as an earthquake or flood. “We are putting them in the same class as a natural disaster: a random event, out of the blue, with a really massive cleanup,” said a senior consultant. For Boeing, that cleanup involved the airplane company’s CEO, Dennis Muilenburg, making a pilgrimage to Trump Tower to undo the damage caused by Trump’s (somewhat inaccurate) Twitter thrashing: Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 After a meeting in which he promised to find savings, Muilenburg praised Trump for “doing a great job of engaging with business.” Trump’s typing has also roiled international currency markets: Mexican traders have joked the country should just buy Twitter for $12 billion and shut it down, rather than spend billions defending its currency every time Trump tweets about trade and immigration, reports Bloomberg. For some, including the outdoor apparel company L.L.Bean, even Trump’s praise can be catastrophic. After a supportive tweet from Trump, the Maine company faced a customer backlash by those vowing to toss their backpacks and clothing: Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017 Meanwhile, the sneaker brand New Balance is battling its own boycott after its CEO supported Trump’s policy on international trade agreements and a neo-Nazi blogger declared New Balance the “official shoes of white people.” (New Balance, one of the few shoe companies that does most of its manufacturing in the US, said it rejects bigotry or hate in any form.) “It’s simply a risk of being pulled into his orbit,” says Andrew Paven of the media and government relations firm O’Neill and Associates. To cope, experts are counseling proactive defense, says Andrew Shore of the DC law firm Jochum, Shore & Trossevin PC. “‘Duck and cover’ isn’t a strategy,” said Shore, a lobbyist and former Republican congressional staffer. First, said the firm’s communications specialist Erica Richardson, companies should assess their vulnerabilities based on their industry, labor practices, pending legislation, employees’ political activity and other factors. She suggests bolstering existing relationships with allies in the Trump administration or Congress, as well as forging new ones, to guard against politicians preparing to copy Trump’s tactics. “It wouldn’t surprise me if this approach opens the door to members of Congress following his lead on social media,” she said. Companies should also prepare for a crisis with rapid response teams armed with fact-sheets, customer testimonials and pre-approved content for Twitter, Facebook and other channels—to forcefully challenge the narrative within hours, if not minutes. Some firms are not waiting to tout their American investments and jobs (many planned long before the election). Amazon’s CEO Jeff Bezos declared the company was creating 100,000 full-time US jobs over the next 18 months, many of them warehouse and call center positions that analysts said were already in the works. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles announced that it was investing $1 billion creating 2,000 US jobs (but denied that Trump’s tweets affected the investment decision). Expect more of this. The rhetorical weight of Trump’s 140 characters is growing. Trump’s Twitter following, already 20 million or so strong at inauguration, has now added another 14.5 million followers via the @POTUS handle (although many may overlap). With this megaphone, Trump can direct public attention where he wants it, in an instant. Trump lied regularly as a candidate, and has continued to do so as president (most recently telling lawmakers that millions of unauthorized immigrants robbed him of the popular vote). Twitter allows Trump to bypass the media and its fact-checking, and it amplifies his messages, many of which are taken up at obliging outlets such as Fox and Brietbart News. Each tweet sets off an automated process as well. Every time @realdonaldtrump tweets, thousands of computer algorithms spring into action, reports MarketWatch, triggering stocks being bought and sold, and alerts sent to investors. “Trump’s ability to dominate the information flow is unlike anything we had ever seen,” says Alex Conant of Firehouse Strategies, a former communications director for Florida congressman Marco Rubio’s failed presidential campaign. “He has a huge microphone and he’s using to shape the national conversation.” As the President has forged an alternative reality for millions of Americans, some of his Republican colleagues are promoting Trump’s Twitter feed as the sole source of truth—over independent sources and media: House Science Chair Smith: "Better to get your news directly from the president. In fact, it might be the only way to get unvarnished truth" — Cristina Marcos (@cimarcos) January 24, 2017 So far most experts have advised companies that the best strategy is to appease Trump and his team. But it’s only a matter of time before some companies strike back, says Richard Levick, who runs his eponymous communications firm. “I think in the not-too-distant future that there will be a company, probably a tech company, that will do the calculus just as Trump does and say, ‘There’s more to be gained by standing up and fighting back,'” he says. “Once that happens, every other company will follow suit. At that point, he’ll be seen as the king without any clothing.” Julie Hootkin, an executive at the public affairs agency GlobalStrategyGroup, argues that actively opposing Trump is going to be a winning strategy. “The assumption is [Trump] can really do damage to your reputation,” says Hootkin, whose firm works with Democratic-leaning clients. “Many brands’ corporate values are aligned with diversity, inclusion and environmental stewardship. For those companies, getting called out by Trump may not be that bad. He may be a really good foil for doubling down on your reputation.” For this strategy, a template already exists: media companies. So far, news outlets have thrived whenever Trump has singled them out. The New York Times says it saw record-breaking subscription growth in 2016, even as Trump unloaded on the newspaper: Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 13, 2016 And a scathing review of Trump Grill by Vanity Fair—calling it possibly the worst restaurant in America—prompted a swift retort from Trump: Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 15, 2016 The day of that tweet, reports Folio, Vanity Fair saw an unprecedented surge in new subscriptions. Most Popular Philosopher Slavoj Žižek settles the “Is it OK to punch a Nazi?” question once and for all Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Green Square Capital LLC Has $2,692,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) Ares Capital Corporation (ARCC) Stake Raised by Green Square Capital LLC Green Square Capital LLC Has $3,963,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) Green Square Capital LLC Has $4,258,000 Stake in Macy’s Inc (M) Page Arthur B Holds Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Page Arthur B Buys Shares of 6,010 Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Position Held by Patten Group Inc. Patten Group Inc. Takes Position in Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Stake Boosted by Patten Group Inc. Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,275 Shares of CDW Corporation (CDW) Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Shares Sold by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Invests $213,000 in Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC) Horizon Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Usca Ria LLC Has $1,607,000 Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $3,612,000 in Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (STML) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $10,878,000 in MacroGenics, Inc. (MGNX) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $11,430,000 in Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Capital International Sarl Has $2,213,000 Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Stake Decreased by Donald L. Hagan LLC January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Donald L. Hagan LLC cut its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 13.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 1,640 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 253 shares during the period. Donald L. Hagan LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $216,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Savant Capital LLC increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.9% in the third quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 7,133 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $940,000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the last quarter. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 111.4% in the third quarter. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC now owns 25,115 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,309,000 after buying an additional 13,237 shares during the last quarter. UMB Bank N A MO increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 7.1% in the third quarter. UMB Bank N A MO now owns 158,323 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $20,857,000 after buying an additional 10,476 shares during the last quarter. Sonata Capital Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. Sonata Capital Group Inc. now owns 4,783 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $630,000 after buying an additional 32 shares during the period. Finally, Enterprise Financial Services Corp boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.3% in the third quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp now owns 2,157 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $284,000 after buying an additional 683 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) opened at 160.55 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $99.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.53 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company has a 52-week low of $102.10 and a 52-week high of $160.93. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $157.13 and its 200-day moving average price is $141.39. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.54%. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Boeing Company (The) (BA) Stake Decreased by Donald L. Hagan LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/boeing-company-the-ba-stake-decreased-by-donald-l-hagan-llc.html. BA has been the topic of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $147.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “positive” rating and set a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Friday, September 30th. Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, October 5th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $161.00 target price on the stock. Barclays PLC dropped their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $155.00 to $150.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, Standpoint Research cut Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $125.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $149.77. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total transaction of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Facebook twitter rss instagram Home Travel Deals Booking Tools Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards from our Partners Jaw-Dropping Chase Ultimate Rewards Points (In Depth) Review 5 Credit Cards for Overseas Travel Barclay Arrival Plus™ World Elite Mastercard® For Travelers: The Platinum Card from American Express How to Get 25,000 Starpoints with the Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express This Week Weekly News Weekly Travel Contests Travel App of the Week Travel Website of the Week Travel Video of the Week Travel Product of the Week Travel Book of the Week Ask a Pilot Newsletter Archive Johnny’s Travels Travel Tips Travel Tip of the Day Share Your Own Tips! Travel 101 Airline Codes Airline Numbers Alternate Airports Cruise Line Numbers Hotel Numbers Rental Car Numbers Travel 101 Travel Portal Weather Travel Style About Contributors A Tribute to My Mother Johnny’s Photos Johnny’s Videos Advertise with Johnny Contact Media: In the News Hot Topics January 11, 2017 | What to Do: Weather Delays and Flight Cancellations October 28, 2016 | 10 Things You Need to Know About Solo Travel to Antarctica October 17, 2016 | How to: Sleep on a plane October 10, 2016 | VIDEO: Going Local in the Philippines, Part 3: The Luxurious Side of the Philippines September 13, 2016 | Savoring Pure Greece September 8, 2016 | Flying High at the Albuquerque Balloon Fiesta September 2, 2016 | 13 Things to Know Before You Travel to Iceland August 22, 2016 | 15 Tips for Surviving a Long Flight August 16, 2016 | An American Traveler in North Korea August 12, 2016 | Meet Me at Rendezvous August 2, 2016 | A Quick Guide to Suzhou, the “Venice of the East” July 27, 2016 | Island Insider: Cape Breton, Nova Scotia July 26, 2016 | City Insider: The Palm Beaches, FL July 25, 2016 | Takeaways from the 2016 Farnborough International Airshow May 9, 2016 | 6 Airfare Deals Websites Every Traveler Needs to Bookmark April 13, 2016 | How to Get an Immigrant Visa Without a Lawyer March 18, 2016 | In Pursuit of the Edge in Papua New Guinea, Part 2: The Best Day of My Travel Life December 4, 2013 | 15 Notes on El Salvador, Where Life Grows Free and Green October 30, 2013 | Fallen Soldier on My Delta Flight April 4, 2012 | 12 Facts You Never Knew About Longyearbyen: The World’s Northernmost City January 27, 2017 | Use Bath Scrunchies to Mark Your Luggage January 27, 2017 | Travel Style: Jason Moore January 26, 2017 | 10 Tips for Conquering Greece Without Launching 1,000 Ships January 25, 2017 | 8 Things Amazon Echo Can Do for Travelers January 25, 2017 | Travel Style: Laura Motta Search for: Home Ask a Pilot Ask a Pilot with Spencer: Twilight of the 747 Posted By: Spencer Marker In our Ask a Pilot series, pilot Spencer Marker answers one of your aviation-related questions each week. See past installments here and submit your own to whitney@johnnyjet.com. The “question” The beautiful four-engine 747 has graced the skies of the world since its first flight in 1969. Since then, the aircraft has carried more than 1.8 billion people and over 1500 of these jets have rolled off the assembly lines. Her future is not so certain, however, as airlines are quickly doing away with fuel-hungry four-engine jets and moving towards thriftier twin-engine airplanes. With United Airlines’ announcement of accelerated retirement of their 747 fleet, I felt it was necessary to highlight some of the more unique aspects of the iconic “Queen of the Skies.” The “answer” (the story of the 747, pictured below) The first Boeing 747 Military/cargo heritage The genesis of the 747 came about in the early 1960s from a military request for a very large cargo aircraft. Boeing’s proposal was for an enormous airlifter with the cockpit situated above the main deck of the airplane. This configuration allowed easy loading of bulky cargo through a large swinging nose. Their offering was ultimately not selected by the Air Force (Lockheed won the contract with a jet that would become the massive C-5 Galaxy). However, in the mid 1960s, the company was approached by Juan Trippe, president of Pan American World Airways, to build an aircraft twice as large as his current fleet of 707s. While the aircraft was an all-new design, Boeing incorporated innovative technology that had been designed for their military proposal. This includes the flight deck location above the main deck of the aircraft, giving the 747 its iconic fuselage hump. High-Bypass Turbofan Of course an aircraft of such immense scale needed to be powered by an equally immense engine. However, in the 1960s, there simply was no engine large enough to power the proposed 700,000-pound behemoth. Boeing turned to engine-maker Pratt & Whitney for help. Their answer was the innovative JT9D, a High-Bypass Turbofan. Rather than using pure jet thrust to propel the airplane through the sky, these engines use some of that jet thrust’s energy to spin a large fan in the front. The air from this fan is blown, or bypassed, around the core and out the back of the engine (a more in depth explanation can be found here). The JT9D engine Boeing selected produced nearly 45,000 pounds of thrust, making it more than twice as powerful as other engines of the day. The benefits of this configuration were huge and immediate. More thrust could be generated while burning significantly less fuel. To this day, engines of this variety power nearly all commercial aircraft. Boeing’s big gamble The project was an enormous undertaking for the Boeing Company, both financially and technologically. No commercial aircraft had ever been designed to be this large before. And while Pan Am placed a $525 million order in 1966 for 25 airplanes, technical and financial success were still not assured. Boeing would have to build an entirely new plant to construct the new jet and the new large engines would still have to prove their reliability. Boeing invested over $2 billion in the new undertaking. New Everett plant To construct such a large aircraft, you need an equally large factory. Upon securing the contract from Pan Am, Boeing purchased nearly 800 acres of land at Paine Field in Everett, Washington. On this land, they proceeded to construct the world’s largest building (by volume), containing 472 million cubic feet of total volume within its walls. While the plant was still under construction in 1968, a team of Boeing employees dubbed “The Incredibles” were already assembling the first 747. Massive proportions The public got its first glimpse of the new jumbo jet on September 30, 1968, as the plane was rolled out of its hangar for the first time. It was a sight to behold. It was 225-feet long and her 195-foot wingspan was greater than the distance of the Wright Brothers’ first flight. The tail of the airplane rose an astounding six stories, and the flight deck sat 29 feet above the ground. Wide-body innovation The Boeing 747 was the first aircraft to be dubbed a wide-body. At 21-feet wide, her cabin proportions allowed configurations for 10 seats per row with two aisles. All this interior area allowed airlines to experiment with some luxurious amenities and configurations. American Airlines had perhaps the most notable 747 cabin, which included an aft lounge for coach passengers and piano bar! Tires and landing gear To evenly distribute the massive weight of the airplane, Boeing engineers designed the aircraft with sixteen main landing gear tires and two nose gear tires. Each of these main-gear tires are 4 feet tall and inflated with nitrogen. To aid pilots in maneuvering the behemoth around tight airport taxiways, Boeing designed a system called “body-gear steering.” This system actually turns the inner two main landing gear in response to steering inputs by the pilots. Think of a hook-and-ladder fire truck with a firefighter steering the rear axel. This way the airplane can maneuver around tight corners despite its size. To sum up The Boeing 747 has been an aviation icon since its rollout in 1968. Since then, countless travelers have lauded its size and comfort. But it was more than just an airplane. The 747 connected continents, people and ideas like no other airplane before. That is why the mighty “Queen of the Skies” stands as one of the most important technological achievements of all time. Do you have a favorite 747 travel story? If so, post it in the comments below! Also, if you have a burning aviation question or something you would like cleared up, drop us a line at Whitney@johnnyjet.com to get your question featured in an upcoming Ask a Pilot column. Tailwinds, —Spencer     Jan 24, 2017Spencer Marker The comments on this page are not provided, reviewed, or otherwise approved by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. Editorial Note: The editorial content on this page is not provided by any bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Tweet Share on Tumblr Email Related SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post About the Author Spencer Marker From a young age, Spencer has been fascinated by aviation. And as his aviation career took off, that passion has turned into a love for all things travel. Adventurous and always taking the road less traveled, he seeks travel that changes his perception of the world. Highlights from his journey include visiting Chernobyl in the Ukraine, skydiving in Switzerland, and SCUBA diving in Colombia. Spencer is currently a pilot for a major airline and resides in Redondo Beach, CA. Related Articles Ask a Pilot with Spencer: What Does That Vertical Surface on the Wing Tip Do? Ask a Pilot with Spencer: 6 Pilot Tips for Surviving the Holiday Travel Rush How Much Water You Should Drink on a Plane Updated Regional Carrier Safety Information 1 Comment on "Ask a Pilot with Spencer: Twilight of the 747" Bob Joyce | January 25, 2017 at 10:42 pm | Reply In my 62 years of flying on commercIal aircraft, the Boeing 747 stands out as the most comfortable for passengers. Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Advertiser Disclosure Johnny’s Free Newsletter Get the latest Travel Deals, News & Tips! Sign up for our FREE newsletter! Recommended by USAToday! Also send me: Travel Deals Daily Travel Tip Travel Products Website of the Week Compare Fares Best Offers Hot Deals 30,000 Points - Apply Now - Terms     50,000 Points - Apply Now - Terms Recent Posts Use Bath Scrunchies to Mark Your Luggage Travel Style: Jason Moore 10 Tips for Conquering Greece Without Launching 1,000 Ships 8 Things Amazon Echo Can Do for Travelers Travel Style: Laura Motta Previous Posts Follow on Facebook Site Index Travel Portal Find a Destination Travel News About Johnny About the Authors Contact Advertise with us! In the News Recent articles Use Bath Scrunchies to Mark Your Luggage Travel Style: Jason Moore 10 Tips for Conquering Greece Without Launching 1,000 Ships 8 Things Amazon Echo Can Do for Travelers Travel Style: Laura Motta Have an Amex Platinum or Premier Rewards Gold Card? Note January 31 Top 10 in Travel News: Week of January 25, 2017 Travel Contests: Week of January 25, 2017 Previous Posts Categories Johnny’s Travels Videos Johnny’s Photos Travel Deals Travel News Newsletter Archive ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE-COPYRIGHT JOHNNYJET.COM ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the credit card offers that appear on this site are from credit card companies from which JohnnyJet.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). JohnnyJet.com does not include all credit card companies or all available credit card offers. Our advertiser partners include Chase, American Express, Citibank, and Barclaycard. Editorial Note: The editorial content on this page is not provided by any bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology CES Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Year Enders Satellites Boeing delivers ABS-2A to optimise video services, DTH 25 Jan, 2017 - 11:12 AM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: Boeing has delivered ABS-2A, an all-electric propulsion 702 satellite, to ABS which entered into commercial service on 21 January. This is the second of the pair of all-electric satellite Boeing has delivered to ABS. ABS, one of the globe's fastest growing global satellite operators, offers a complete range of tailored solutions including broadcasting, data and telecommunication services to broadcasters, service providers, enterprises and government organisations. It operates a fleet of satellites; ABS-2, ABS-2A, ABS-3A, ABS-4/Mobisat-1, ABS-6 and ABS-7. The satellite fleet covers 93 per cent of the population across the Americas, Africa, Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, CIS and Russia. ABS-2A was launched in June 2016 aboard SpaceX Falcon 9 and will provide enhanced satellite communications services, including direct-to-home television services. Equipped with 48 Ku-band transponders, the satellite will serve ABS’ customers in Africa, the Middle East and North Africa (MENA), Russia, South Asia and South East Asia regions at 74.725 degrees east. “We have completed our three satellite build investment in launching as many satellites in as many consecutive years (ABS-2 in 2014, ABS-3A in 2015 and ABS-2A in 2016). ABS-2A is the latest high-capacity satellite providing expansion capacity and continuity of satellite services at our prime gateway over the Indian Ocean region. It is located with ABS-2 at our premium neighborhood at 75°E, optimized for video services for growing CATV and DTH businesses,” said ABS CEO Tom Choi. “Boeing is the first satellite manufacturer to build and deliver all-electric propulsion satellites, and this latest delivery reaffirms our leadership with all-electric propulsion,” said Boeing Satellite Systems International president Mark Spiwak. “The scalable 702 satellite, coupled with the efficiency of all-electric propulsion, allows two satellites to launch inside one rocket. This ability to stack and join the satellites using our patented design enables our customers to minimize the costs associated with launching a single satellite.” Headquartered in Bermuda, ABS, with offices in the U.S, the UAE, South Africa and Asia, is majority-owned by funds managed by PE Permira. Also Read: ABS partners PT Sarana Media to launch Indonesian DTH FreeViews platform tags BoeingABS-2ADTHABS-2ABS-3ATom ChoiMark SpiwakRussiaSouth Asia Trending Yesudas gets Padma Vibhushan; Paudwal, Kher & Kohli among Padmashri recipients Raees.....Don: The twisted tale McDowell's, DriveU tie up; launch service app Thakur JWT Malaysia's new planning head B'wood supports Times' 'Remonetise India'   Latest Reads Satellite Communication among various studies by ISRO and Japanese JAXA Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) are to jointly collaborate in the exploration and use of outer space exclusively for peaceful purposes in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable in each country and their international... Satellites Satellite Operators 19 Jan, 2017 Indian, French space agencies sign pact; team up on moon mission, space launchers MUMBAI: Indian Space Research Organisation and French Space agency (CNES) have signed a partnership agreement in satellite launch technology. The pact was inked between ISRO chairman Kiran Kumar and CNES president Jean-Yves Le Gall in the presence of the visiting French Minister of Foreign Affairs... Satellites Satellite Operators 11 Jan, 2017 ISRO to launch 103 satellites early Feb NEW DELHI: Indian Space and Research Organisation (ISRO) will launch a record 103 satellites in one go using its workhorse PSLV-C37 in the first week of February, while the prime minister Narendra Modi's pet South Asian satellite project will take off in March. Majority of the satellites (almost... Satellites Satellite Launches 05 Jan, 2017 AsiaSat 7: Globecast to distribute DW's new HD channel MUMBAI: Asia's leading satellite operator Asia Satellite Telecommunications Company Limited (AsiaSat) has reached an agreement with Globecast to deliver Deutsche Welle’s English-language program in HD to the Asia-Pacific region. Satellites Satellite Operators 20 Dec, 2016 ISRO launches RESOURCESAT-2A Remote Sensing Satellite NEW DELHI: The 1,235-kg RESOURCESAT-2A Satellite was launched successfully yesterday morning by the PSLV-C36, ISRO's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle, in its thirty eighth flight from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre SHAR, Sriharikota. This is the thirty seventh consecutively successful mission of PSLV... Satellites Satellite Launches 08 Dec, 2016 DTH-aiding GSAT-19 launch plan under way NEW DELHI: The Indian Space Research Organisation is working towards putting into orbit an indigenous communication satellite GSAT-19, weighing 3.3 tonne and carrying Ka/Ku band payloads. Ku Band is suitable for direct-to-home platforms. Satellites Satellite Launches 02 Dec, 2016 ISRO to launch 83 satellites on single rocket, create world record MUMBAI: The Indian space agency ISRO, in a move to set a world record, is planning to put into orbit 83 satellites -- two Indian and 81 foreign -- on a single rocket in early 2017, said a top official of Antrix Corporation, the commercial arm of Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). Satellites Satellite Launches 29 Oct, 2016 Andrew Jordan announced successor of AsiaSat's William Wade Asia Satellite Telecommunications has announced the retirement of its executive director, president and CEO William Wade. He will serve his last day in the company on 1 November 2016 but will stay back as the senior advisor of AsiaSat until 31 March 2017. Satellites Satellite Operators 17 Oct, 2016 GSAT-18 successfully launches, new capacity for DTH operators, TV channels MUMBAI: Indian DTH operators, television channels, VSAT and digital satellite news gathering providers are a happy lot because of a development in Kouro French Guiana this morning. The reason: the successful launch of Arianespace’s Ariane 5 VA 531 rocket with its passenger, the Indian Space... Satellites Satellite Launches 06 Oct, 2016 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next MSOs get permission to operate in other areas apart from permitted areas NEW DELHI: In a major change of policy aimed at expediting digital addressability of cable television in the country, the Government late this evening said all registered multi system operators “are free to operate in any parts of tire country, irrespective of registration for specified DAS notified area(s) granted earlier”. Cable TV Multi System Operators 27 Jan, 2017 Barkha, TheQuint tie up to cover UP polls Television TV Channels Viewership 27 Jan, 2017 Times Now, CNBC TV18, Awaaz & Aaj Tak retain genre leadership Television TV Channels Viewership 27 Jan, 2017 DD National enters Top 10; Star Plus returns as leader Television TV Channels Viewership 27 Jan, 2017 CNN-News18's 'Axe The Tax' to present wishlist to FM Television TV Channels News Broadcasting 27 Jan, 2017 More News Musical tribute to Kaifi Azmi on 98th birth anniversary David Guetta's Mumbai concert cancelled; unhappy fans return from the venue Olly Murs pulls out of BRIT Awards launch performance Source By Radioandmusic.com Vin Diesel in India: Awful ‘awe’ of Hollywood Dangal between Hanuman Singh and Dolfy D’Mello in Khatmal-E-Ishque Actor jodi Mitika-Mandar welcome baby boy Source By Tellychakkar.com Rocksalt Interactive Games Pvt Ltd. Playizzon launches the prelude to ‘Sachin Saga’ titled ‘Sachin Saga Warm U Cashing in on the legacy: Insights on ACK media’s successful brand association Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice MSOs get permission to operate in other areas apart from permitted areas Multi System Operators 27 Jan, 2017 Barkha, TheQuint tie up to cover UP polls Viewership 27 Jan, 2017 Times Now, CNBC TV18, Awaaz & Aaj Tak retain genre leadership Viewership 27 Jan, 2017 DD National enters Top 10; Star Plus returns as leader Viewership 27 Jan, 2017 CNN-News18's 'Axe The Tax' to present wishlist to FM News Broadcasting 27 Jan, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Demonetisation Sport Entertainment Galleries 2016 with TNIE Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business US Aerospace giant Boeing boosts presence in India By Express News Service  |   Published: 25th January 2017 01:00 AM  |   Last Updated: 25th January 2017 07:25 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Ted Colbert (Center L) and Greg Hyslop (Center R) at the opening of the Boeing India Engineering & Technology Center in Bengaluru on Tuesday | Express Photo Service BENGALURU : Boeing, which is looking to scale up its presence in India, announced the launch of Boeing India Engineering & Technology Center (BIETC) at Bagamane Tech Park here on Tuesday. The centre will focus on technology-driven work to support diverse projects spreading across Information Technology and Data Analytics, Engineering, Research & Technology, and Test.  For instance, some of the areas of work would include data analytics for next generation airplane health management tools, software tools for airlines and airports to improve their operations and reduce costs, automation for more efficient next-generation manufacturing, systems, infrastructure and analytics, said an official release. Boeing already has an engineering facility in the city on Old Madras Road. Representatives from Boeing told Express that it had started scaling up its engineering presence over the past 18 months in India and, as a result, capacity in the old centre was unable to support the growth. “We have taken a floor in the building and it is 42,000 sq ft. This is to support the scaling up plans. In the same building, we’ll take up another 42,000 sq ft by this year,” said a Boeing representative. Currently, the centre has 300-350 engineers and Boeing is looking at increasing this number to 800 by the end of the year. The old facility would also be retained. “The team working here will be working as part of the global team,” the representative added. Speaking after the launch, Pratyush Kumar, president, Boeing India, said, “In India, we see a true path towards a mutual partnership for success, and the launch of BIETC is a major step in that direction. When we look for regions of competitiveness for the company around the world, we look at building cost, capability and market access advantages.” Boeing IT has been working in India with Tier-1 suppliers for many years and the new centre was instrumental in promoting the digital transformation of Boeing by utilising India’s talent seamlessly with Boeing’s US teams, added Ted Colbert, Boeing chief information officer and senior vice-president, information & analytics,  Boeing has been active in the country for the past 75 years primarily with commercial plane. Its military aircraft and services business are also playing an important role in the defence forces. TAGS Boeing India O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Latest NIA arrests two for joining ISIS in Kerala Mumbai: National level swimmer commits suicide BJP to release its UP poll manifesto for UP polls PM Modi to address public meeting in Goa Avalanche warning issued in Jammu and Kashmir 'Sena doesn't want to create instability in Maharashtra' Assam governor given charge of Meghalaya Jat stir: Section 144 imposed in Haryana Gallery Chile wildfire aftermath: Residents get emotional as they look at the rubble of their homes   10 must watch patriotic Bollywood movies of all time arrow Videos Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie's relationship to be laid bare in new documentary Odisha man takes matrimonial vows with transgender arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today What to Watch Wednesday: Boeing, AT&T Report Earnings On Wednesday, Boeing is expected to release financial results for its latest quarter. Scott Gamm Jan 24, 2017 7:30 PM EST On Wednesday, Boeing (BA) is expected to release financial results for its latest quarter. Analysts expect the aerospace company to post earnings of $2.35 a share on sales of $23.19 billion. During the same quarter a year ago, Boeing reported earnings of $1.60 a share on sales of $23.57 billion. eBay (EBAY) , AT&T (T) and United Technologies (UTX) also release earnings on Wednesday. As for economic data, the weekly EIA Petroleum Status report is unveiled at 10:30 a.m. EST. If you liked this article you might like The Beast's New Stripes; Rally Runs Further: Jim Cramer's Best Blog Jim Cramer ponders how the beast may have changed its stripes, and points out that this rally has further yet to go. Jim Cramer Jan 27, 2017 9:00 PM EST Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House One good rally was all it took for stocks to seal new records and for the Dow Jones Industrial Average to smash through its 20,000 mark. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 27, 2017 6:30 PM EST Buy Amazon.com Ahead of Fourth-Quarter Results, Top Trader Says Amazon.com has gotten 'less sun' than it should, 55 Capital market strategist Max Wolff said on CNBC. Natalie Walters Jan 27, 2017 4:56 PM EST General Dynamics Profits Beat Forecast as Top Businesses Expand Margins The government contractor beat on earnings thanks to higher margins, a day after some of its defense rivals disappointed. Lou Whiteman Jan 27, 2017 9:19 AM EST Trending Letting the Peso Dive Might Be Mexico's Best Revenge Against Trump Chipotle Could Be Crushed by Trump's 20% Mexico Border Tax Earnings, Not Politics, Are Still Driving This Market: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/27/17) These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Get Hot Soon Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MACHINISTS AND AEROSPACE WORKERS Menu Close SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Quick links+ WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Home Get organized About News Departments Territories Resources MNPL South Carolina Boeing Workers to Vote on IAM Representation Aerospace January 24, 2017 Follow Boeing workers who build the 787 Dreamliner in North Charleston, SC will have the chance to vote to join the IAM. The IAM filed a petition on January 20, with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to hold a secret-ballot union election for approximately 2,850 production employees at the Boeing Co. in North Charleston, S.C. “Boeing workers just want to be treated with the respect they deserve,” said IAM Boeing SC Lead Organizer Mike Evans. “Why should they be subject to a different set of standards and rules than folks building the exact same plane in Seattle?” Watch the IAM’s announcement from the Longshoremen’s Hall. Read about the Machinists’ campaign in the Post and Courier and the Seattle Times. The NLRB is expected to issue election dates and locations in the coming weeks. The IAM is committed to ensuring Boeing workers have the opportunity to make their voice heard in an atmosphere free of intimidation and harassment. The IAM is the U.S.’s largest aerospace union, representing approximately 600,000 members at the likes of Lockheed Martin, General Electric and United Technologies. The IAM represents more than 35,000 Boeing employees at 24 locations nationwide. For more information about the campaign visit BoeingWorkers.com. RELATED ARTICLES Boeing South Carolina Workers to Vote Feb. 15 on Union Representation Read more IAM, St. Louis Labor Joins District 9 Strike Rally at American Pulverizer Read more Round One Goes to Working People in Ohio Township RTW Fight Read more MOST POPULAR NEWS / ARTICLES Machinists Union Responds to Election of Donald Trump Read more Happy Holidays from IAM Grand Lodge Read more Machinists Show Giving Spirit this Holiday Season Read more MOST RECENT NEWS / ARTICLES Boeing South Carolina Workers to Vote Feb. 15 on Union Representation Read more IAM, St. Louis Labor Joins District 9 Strike Rally at American Pulverizer Read more Round One Goes to Working People in Ohio Township RTW Fight Read more Get IAM MOBILE 4.0 IAM Mobile 4.0 offers more features and functions to read and share information about our union and the important issues we face as working families. This app combines all of the IAM's popular online functions such as the IAM Journal, the Machinists News Network on demand video service, the IAM webpage GOiam.org, iMail, an IAM Photo Gallery, the IAM Facebook Page, and lots more -- all in one easy-to-access App for tablets and smartphones. Social Wall Join the IAM Contact us History / Timeline iMail Signup Press Releases Events Calendar Resources Member rights IAM Store Trust Fund Pension Fund IAM RSS Feeds WWW Center IAM Journal Union Member Rights and Officer Responsibilities Under the LMRDA The Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA) guarantees certain rights to union members and imposes certain responsibilities on union officers. More Privacy & Policies Sitemap © 2016 IAMAW
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Green Square Capital LLC Has $2,692,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) Ares Capital Corporation (ARCC) Stake Raised by Green Square Capital LLC Green Square Capital LLC Has $3,963,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) Green Square Capital LLC Has $4,258,000 Stake in Macy’s Inc (M) Page Arthur B Holds Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Page Arthur B Buys Shares of 6,010 Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Position Held by Patten Group Inc. Patten Group Inc. Takes Position in Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Stake Boosted by Patten Group Inc. Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,275 Shares of CDW Corporation (CDW) Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Shares Sold by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Invests $213,000 in Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC) Horizon Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Usca Ria LLC Has $1,607,000 Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $3,612,000 in Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (STML) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $10,878,000 in MacroGenics, Inc. (MGNX) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $11,430,000 in Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Capital International Sarl Has $2,213,000 Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Cornerstone Advisory LLP Has $357,000 Position in Boeing Co. (BA) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cornerstone Advisory LLP continued to hold its stake in shares of Boeing Co. (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,709 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Cornerstone Advisory LLP’s holdings in Boeing were worth $357,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of BA. Capital World Investors increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 8.8% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 47,676,799 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $6,191,786,000 after buying an additional 3,866,637 shares during the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 15.8% in the second quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 19,728,620 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $2,562,156,000 after buying an additional 2,690,120 shares during the last quarter. Greenhaven Associates Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 31.2% in the third quarter. Greenhaven Associates Inc. now owns 1,728,295 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $227,686,000 after buying an additional 410,708 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 451.4% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 457,826 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $60,314,000 after buying an additional 374,794 shares during the last quarter. Finally, LSV Asset Management increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 10.5% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 2,914,844 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $384,001,000 after buying an additional 276,100 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Co. (NYSE:BA) traded up 1.72% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $160.55. 3,923,353 shares of the company traded hands. Boeing Co. has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $160.93. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $156.88 and a 200 day moving average of $141.17. The stock has a market capitalization of $99.09 billion, a PE ratio of 24.53 and a beta of 1.05. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This is a positive change from Boeing’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.54%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 66.36%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Cornerstone Advisory LLP Has $357,000 Position in Boeing Co. (BA)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/cornerstone-advisory-llp-has-357000-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. BA has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on shares of Boeing from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Argus boosted their price objective on shares of Boeing from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Barclays PLC cut their price objective on shares of Boeing from $155.00 to $150.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, October 6th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group restated a “positive” rating and set a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, September 30th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Boeing has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $149.77. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. 0.58% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co. (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Connected Aerospace > Boeing-built ABS-2A 702 satellite enters service over Indian Ocean Boeing-built ABS-2A 702 satellite enters service over Indian Ocean Jan 24, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Artist rendering of ABS-2A Boeing Related Media Gallery: Aviation News this Week-Jan. 23-27, 2017 Advertisement The second 702 satellite built by Boeing for Bermuda-based communication satellite operator ABS went into service Jan. 21. The all-electronic propulsion satellite, designated ABS-2A, was launched into orbit in June 2016 aboard SpaceX Falcon 9 and is paired with another satellite, ABS-2, over the Indian Ocean. ABS-2A is outfitted with 48 Ku-band transponders. From its placement at 74.725 degrees east, the satellite will serve ABS customers in Africa, the Middle East and North Africa, Russia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. Boeing’s earlier all-electric propulsion 702 satellite, designated ABS-3A, was launched in 2015. ABS-2, built by Palo Alto, California-based satellite manufacturer SSL, was launched in 2014. SSL’s satellite uses fuel-powered thrusters for its propulsion. “We have completed our three satellite build investment in launching three satellites in three consecutive years,” ABS CEO Tom Choi said. “Boeing is the first satellite manufacturer to build and deliver all-electric propulsion satellites,” Boeing Satellite Systems International president Mark Spiwak said. “The scalable 702 satellite, coupled with … all-electric propulsion, allows two satellites to launch inside one rocket. This ability to stack and join the satellites … minimize[s] the costs associated with launching a single satellite.” When ABS-2A was launched in June 2016, it was paired with EUTELSAT 117 West B (E117WB), also a Boeing-built all-electric propulsion satellite. Boeing built it for Paris-based Eutelsat. Eutelsat announced earlier this month that E117WB is also now in service. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The Data Downlink Dilemma   Blogs & Commentary Jan 24, 2017 blog Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? Can Alitalia ever be a good-news story? It appears not for Etihad Airways, the Abu Dhabi-based airline that has become the latest in a line of companies to see potential in the Italian flag carrier but for whom good news seems an increasingly distant prospect....More Jan 19, 2017 blog Board games Could organizing passengers on a mat – yes, an actual physical mat - help speed up aircraft boarding and cut turnaround times?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Here's What to Expect From Boeing's Earnings Boeing is expected to report earnings of $2.34 per share Wednes morning. Tony Owusu Jan 24, 2017 3:00 PM EST Boeing's ( BA) stock has been soaring ahead of the release of the aircraft manufacturer's earnings results before the opening bell Wednesday. Boeing has risen more than 10% since the election in spite of President Donald Trump's criticism of the company on Twitter. Trump bad-mouthed the company over the cost of Air Force One shortly after his election. Boeing met with Trump before his inauguration last Friday. Wall Street expects the company to report earnings of $2.34 a share, with analysts at Zacks expecting Boeing to beat estimates despite sluggish demand for its 737, 747 and 767 aircraft models. If you liked this article you might like The Beast's New Stripes; Rally Runs Further: Jim Cramer's Best Blog Jim Cramer ponders how the beast may have changed its stripes, and points out that this rally has further yet to go. Jim Cramer Jan 27, 2017 9:00 PM EST Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House One good rally was all it took for stocks to seal new records and for the Dow Jones Industrial Average to smash through its 20,000 mark. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 27, 2017 6:30 PM EST Buy Amazon.com Ahead of Fourth-Quarter Results, Top Trader Says Amazon.com has gotten 'less sun' than it should, 55 Capital market strategist Max Wolff said on CNBC. Natalie Walters Jan 27, 2017 4:56 PM EST General Dynamics Profits Beat Forecast as Top Businesses Expand Margins The government contractor beat on earnings thanks to higher margins, a day after some of its defense rivals disappointed. Lou Whiteman Jan 27, 2017 9:19 AM EST Trending Letting the Peso Dive Might Be Mexico's Best Revenge Against Trump Chipotle Could Be Crushed by Trump's 20% Mexico Border Tax Earnings, Not Politics, Are Still Driving This Market: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/27/17) These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Get Hot Soon Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Just In 18mins British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man', is no more 25mins HP CM offers his Assembly seat to son 34mins US will prioritize Christian refugees: Trump 1hr Nobel Peace winner Malala ‘heartbroken’ by Trump order 1hr Desilt Vaigai dam, waterbodies: Farmers 1hr Anti abortion movement is winning: US Vice-President 1hr Trump signs order promising ‘great rebuilding’ of military 1hr A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration Bolivia: 19 miners taken hostage by rival group inside mine Trump pledges ‘lasting support’ to US relations with Britain Padmavati shooting stalled Sasikala holds meet of AIADMK MPs, MLAs Bengaluru woman braves Russia’s ‘highway of bones’ Trade war looms as Trump mulls tariffs to fund wall Centre says GAAR effective April 1, industry demurs CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Budget Boeing expands Bengaluru technology centre Share On JUST IN 18mins British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man', is no more 25mins HP CM offers his Assembly seat to son 34mins US will prioritize Christian refugees: Trump 1hr Nobel Peace winner Malala ‘heartbroken’ by Trump order 1hr Desilt Vaigai dam, waterbodies: Farmers 1hr Anti abortion movement is winning: US Vice-President 1hr Trump signs order promising ‘great rebuilding’ of military 1hr A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration Bolivia: 19 miners taken hostage by rival group inside mine Trump pledges ‘lasting support’ to US relations with Britain Padmavati shooting stalled Sasikala holds meet of AIADMK MPs, MLAs Bengaluru woman braves Russia’s ‘highway of bones’ Trade war looms as Trump mulls tariffs to fund wall Centre says GAAR effective April 1, industry demurs CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam The seven days of jallikattu protests News Cities Bengaluru Bengaluru Boeing expands Bengaluru technology centre Special Correspondent Bengaluru: January 25, 2017 00:33 IST Updated: January 25, 2017 00:33 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Special Correspondent Bengaluru: January 25, 2017 00:33 IST Updated: January 25, 2017 00:33 IST more-in Boeing’s technology centre here plans to roughly double its headcount of engineers to 800 by the year-end. It will further expand its engineering strength to around 1,000 in about two years, a Boeing spokesperson said on Tuesday, citing senior company officials, who were in the city. Recruitments for the India centre have scaled up in the last 18 months, they said at the newly launched bigger location of the Boeing India Engineering & Technology Centre (BIETC). The Bengaluru centre is one of the six such outside the U.S. Currently the centre employs around 350 engineers to support Boeing’s global activities in information technology and data analytics, engineering, test and research and technology, enhancing “Boeing's ability to deliver cutting edge aerospace innovation,” a company release said. Most of them fall under the offsets clause tied to the purchase of military and civil aircraft from Boeing. Greg Hyslop, Boeing chief technology officer and senior vice-president, Boeing Engineering, Test & Technology, and Pratyush Kumar, president for Boeing India, were at the new centre. BIETC will support the development of advanced environment friendly coatings, data analytics for next generation airplane health management tools, besides software tools for airlines and airports Post a Comment More In Bengaluru technology (general) Bangalore Related Articles << Previous Story Attack on policemen: HC refuses to quash case against Hungund MLA Next Story >> Mid-sized warriors Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jan 28, 2017 9:36:17 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/bangalore/Boeing-expands-Bengaluru-technology-centre/article17090190.ece © The Hindu #whatsyourissue: Planting saplings for chopped trees is merely an ornamental exercise The lack of biodiversity has proved detrimental to native species, flora and fauna Staff Reporter Top Picks in The Hindu today Row over BJP move to honour J&K’s last king Entries invited for ACJ awards for investigative journalism Soldiers can now WhatsApp Army Chief Padmavati shooting stalled ‘I would like to play across all formats’ Bengaluru woman braves Russia’s ‘highway of bones’ U.S. thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA Here comes the groom The changing face of the celebrity Survivors visit Auschwitz, 72 years after liberation Close X Next Story >> Mid-sized warriors Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech Budget THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
FRI, JAN 27, 2017 | 0 °C Light snow Full Text Archive LIVE: Traffic, Weather & Road Conditions Report the news Newsletter Signup Home & Garden Contact Us Print Editions In Your Neighbourhood Milton mayor marks a milestone Hot Topics Newsletter Signup Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Ontario Canada World 3 hours ago GM to lay off 625 workers amid NAFTA talk NewsAlert: GM to slash up to 600 jobs in southwestern Ontario, union says Latest News SEE MORE Two die from carbon monoxide after N.B. storm Inmate who walked away from facility found Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Baseball Basketball Football Golf High School Hockey Lacrosse Olympics Soccer University 7 minutes ago Harden scores 51 to lead Rockets past Embiid, 76ers Harden scores 51 to lead Rockets past Embiid, 76ers Latest Sports SEE MORE NBA Capsules Porter, Wall keep Wizards hot in blowout win over Hawks Peters with 25 and 14 leads Valparaiso over Wright State Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity Daytripping 10 minutes ago NewsAlert: Sir John Hurt dead at 77 NewsAlert: Oscar-nominated actor Sir John Hurt dead at 77 Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Paula Patton 'trying to protect son' Drew Barrymore 'still in shock' over her divorce Ciara signs new record deal Blogs Columns Editorial Letters Cartoon 7 hours ago Column: As Falcons head to Super Bowl, remember Mike Smith Column: As Falcons head to Super Bowl, remember Mike Smith Happy New Year VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Community Guide Crowdfunding Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Pets and Animals Wellness Canada 150 5 hours ago Oakville mayor Burton returns as chair of Halton police services board A familiar face is back as head of the Halton Regional Police Services... Community Stories SEE MORE Loss of twin inspires Milton mom to hold annual box drive Businessman accused of attacking Muslim JFK airport worker Georgetown girl donates hair to Pantene Beautiful Lengths for second time Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 58% off Chicken Strips discount: 58% | value: $60.00 | You Save: $35.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Environmentally friendly flooring Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood 58% off Chicken Strips discount: 58% | value: $60.00 | You Save: $35.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Planning a family reunion getaway? Here's your property rental checklist Home News Business Northstar announces closure of Milton plant, 200... | Jan 24, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Northstar announces closure of Milton plant, 200 jobs to be lost Northstar announces impending closure of Milton plant Champion file photo Northstar Aerospace is located on Market Street in Milton. The company announced it would be shuttering its Milton plant later this year. next play/pause pre Milton Canadian Champion By Julie Slack Nearly 200 people will lose their jobs later this year after Northstar Aerospace announced it’s closing production at its Milton facility. The majority of employees are part of the Unifor Local 112. The closure will affect 200 highly-skilled workers at the plant, 50 of whom were to retire this year. They were notified on the eve of contract talks that Northstar Aerospace, which developed and makes face gears for Boeing, is scheduled to cease operations by September 30. According to the company, it lost the contract for the gears, forcing it into closure. Employees received a special bulletin from the company’s vice-president and general manager Thomas Smith on January 9. Smith stated that the plant would close by the end of the third quarter. “This facility closure is the result of market factors, not the facility's performance,” he said. “The closing of the Milton facility is the result of the loss of content on the Boeing AH-64E Apache program. There is not sufficient additional new work to make up for the drastic loss of content on the Apache program for the operation to remain open.” Graham Davies, plant chairperson of the union, would have marked 22 years with the company, which is located at 180 Market Dr., in November. Now, he’s looking for a new job — not a prospect he had in mind at 52 years old. “It’s rather unpleasant news,” he told the Champion. “I have to start the next stage of my life.” For many others, he noted, they’ve spent their entire working life at Northstar. Several of the employees are residents of Milton and many have been working at the facility for many years. It opened in its present location in the spring of 1993. Davies said the average wage is $35 per hour. The facility, which was purchased by Wynnchurch Capital in 2012, when Northstar went into bankruptcy, employs skilled tradesmen, technicians, machinists, general labourers, and shipper/receivers. The plant operates around the clock with both eight- and 10-hour rotating shifts. Many employees regularly collect overtime as well, Davies said. The plant specializes in manufacturing high-precision metal products used by aircraft and helicopters, including specialized gears for transmissions used on Boeing’s Apache helicopter. Used by the U.S. army, the Apache serves as an attack helicopter. Northstar is best known locally for work it produced for the Canadian Space Agency’s Canadarm. Unifor said it will work with employees affected by the closure. “This was not expected. Senior management from the plant advised us only weeks ago that 2017 was going to be another good year,” said Scott McIlmoyle, president of Unifor Local 112. Northstar has a long and rich history in Canadian aerospace manufacturing, providing good, decent-paying jobs, McIlmoyle said. “We are very disappointed in management’s decision to close this facility, and continue to meet with the company to meet the needs of our members and get them the best deal,” McIlmoyle said. Smith told employees they will receive a severance package in accordance with the collective bargaining agreement. He also said they will be supportive of job- search efforts and provide career counselling and assistance. But that does little to help Davies, who called the closure “an eye-opening experience. “The last thing I wanted to do was go out and look for a job.” He said one employee, who is 57, has been with the company for 39 years and was one of the people who helped to develop the Canadarm. The company has locations in Windsor, Chicago, Phoenix and its corporate headquarters is in Illinois. Davies said there are some jobs available in Windsor, but many of the employees are entrenched in their current locations, with families and ties to the area. He said a handful of people have secured employment and left the company since they found out about the pending closure. Non-unionized employees include a management team of manufacturing engineers, said Davies. Davies said the company told employees there would be no layoffs until at least June. Julie Slack is a reporter with the Milton Canadian Champion. She can be reached at jslack@miltoncanadianchampion.com . Follow her on Twitter and and the Milton Champion on Facebook | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Knife-wielding man flees with narcotics in Burlington pharmacy robbery Snapshot Police FUGITIVE FRIDAY: Halton police asking for public's help finding Oakville's Fernando Ferreira Snapshot News Oakville resident faces drug charges Snapshot News UPDATED: Man pronounced dead at industrial accident in Oakville Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Photo Gallery The Big Freeze Photo Gallery CrossFit youth fit competition Community Milton Mayor's annual gala News Robin Davis Studio creates Old World Robots The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Oakville teen missing, police and family concerned for his safety UPDATED: Police K9 unit conducting search in Milton's Scott Boulevard neighbourhood Red Hill fatality: Caledonia man, 25, was on way to work when he crashed Halton police on the hunt for three men following alleged home invasion at Scott Boulevard residence UPDATE: Eight-year-old girl asked neighbour to call 911 because her mom was dead; man said he was going to kill himself In Your Neighbourhood Today Suffering with lower back pain? Tonic Physiotherapy & Rehabilitation Centre in Milton understands full well the difficulties... Have a perfect pool season with Cannonball Pools The number 1 reason to have a pool is to have fun, and Cannonball Pools in Milton is there to make... All electric car charging stations are not created equal JML Electric in Oakville, Ontario, cautions you that not all electric car charging stations are... Long commute? Invest in an electric vehicle Oakville’s JML Electric says if your regular workday routine involves a long commute, you’d be wise... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... New management means even more beauty services at Instyle Nails & Boutique The beauty team at Instyle Nails & Boutique in Oakville wants to let their loyal customers know... The truth about head lice You may be horrified when your child comes home from school with head lice, but The Lice Shack of... Call Deluxe Garage Doors by MCM for all your garage door repairs The professionals at Deluxe Garage Doors by MCM in Burlington have over 40 years of experience... The prepared driver: Do you have a vehicle recovery and roadside assistance plan in place? JKM Towing Inc. in Burlington is a professional full-service towing company. They work 24 hours a... Celebrate Canada’s game in Toronto If you’re a hockey fan, Toronto is the place to be. Not only is the city home to the Original Six... Dieting doesn't have to be all or nothing There are many diet programs out there that take a dive-right-in approach which requires you to cut... Expert electrical contracting for any job JML Electric in Oakville, Ontario, is an electrical contracting company that provides top-notch... Milton self-storage in the winter It’s almost winter, and whether that means snow this year or not, it definitely means the... Cleaning secrets for around the home When it comes to cleaning around the home, Hamilton’s F&A Cleaning Services says you don’t always... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Instyle Nails & Boutique offers new beauty services in their renovated spa The beauty team at Instyle Nails & Boutique in Oakville wants to share the great news that they’ve... Save the date: Book your fall pool closing now Although we may still be enjoying the long summer days and there's lots of swimming time left, it's... 30 years of exemplary roadside service In today’s modern society, we are fortunate enough to have the ability to make choices in most... Adequate startup cash is essential for a successful business venture You know the old saying — it takes money to make money. This principle still holds true today if... Do you snore? Anti-snore treatment is available If you snore, it will please you to know that Hopedale Dental Care in Oakville offers anti-snore... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 86% off a Microdermabrasion With Deep Cleansing Facial and Extractions $39 View Deal Up to 53% off House Cleaning Sessions $69 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 42% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $26 View Deal 44% off Chicken Fingers $24 View Deal 55% off Unbreaded Chicken Strips $27 View Deal 75% off Two Months of Yoga Classes $79 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS GM to lay off 625 workers amid NAFTA talk Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Toronto's TSX falls on energy sector slump GM Canada to move 600 jobs in Ontario to Mexico Postmedia CFO leaving at end of February PreviousNext Uber faces rough ride from Orillia cab companies and city, driver says CMHC: GTA home prices affecting other markets Halton Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commitment to Accessibility Commenting Guidelines Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Crowdfunding Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideToronto.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com Sachem.ca TheIFP.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager OFF RADAR Dinesh Keskar: The Boeing dealmaker who wants more Ashwini Phadnis comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Thinking big Keskar’s first deal was in 1991, when he sold four aircraft The veteran recently sealed a $22-billion deal with SpiceJet January 13 marked an important milestone for the civil aviation industry in India. That day SpiceJet announced a deal to buy 205 aircraft worth $22 billion from US aircraft manufacturer Boeing, becoming its biggest customer in India. The deal is only second to the $27-billion order that IndiGo placed with Airbus in 2015. For Dinesh Keskar, Senior Vice President, Sales, Asia Pacific and India, Boeing, the special moment came a few days earlier on December 31, 2016, when he sealed the deal with SpiceJet. He had come a long way from 1989, when he was hired by Boeing to work in India for a year. Instead, the mechanical engineer who has a doctorate in aerospace engineering, has stayed put for 38 years and has sold over 1,000 Boeing aircraft in India and the rest of the Asian Pacific countries. Among these are other ‘large’ orders. He picked up a 230-aeroplane order in Indonesia, was present with former American President Barack Obama as Vietnam signed for 100 Boeing aircraft and was also there for the 75 Boeing 737 MAX-deal with Jet Airways in 2015. Keskar started his innings selling aircraft in 1990 (he started out as an engineer before that). The art For Keskar, it‘s not just about selling aircraft but building a relationship and history with the airline, and how the two partners work together to build trust. “In terms of deals, of course pricing is important,” he concedes but is quick to add that the product itself is important; you may get the best deal but if the product does not do well then it is no good. “It is relationship, product and trust and longevity of association which are important for anybody,” says Keskar. He points out that in 2005 when SpiceJet re-launched its services, it was with three Boeing 737 aircraft. That relationship helped him now to strike a deal with the Delhi-based airline, which was also in talk with Airbus. Back in 1991, “it was a complex and difficult process” selling aircraft as there were only Air India and Indian Airlines. Boeing undertook a campaign which lasted close to two years, after which Keskar finally sold four Boeing 747 aircraft to Air India for $ 700 million. From there to completing the 205 aircraft deal with SpiceJet, one would think that the 62-year-old is ready to call it a day. Not Keskar. He says that there are “deals to be made” especially as the Indian civil aviation market is growing at 20 per cent, the fastest in the world. So there will be more deals in India, and the rest of Asia. “There is potential in Thailand, Vietnam and I will say even Indonesia. Asia is one of the most prominent regions for aircraft purchase. The forecast is that 40 per cent of all our aircraft deliveries for the next 20 years will be in Asia,” said Keskar. With at least another three years before he reaches the official retirement age in Boeing, expect more deals from him. (This article was published on January 24, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Domestic airlines carry 24% more passengers in Dec SpiceJet inks pact with Boeing for 150 narrow-body, 50 wide-body aircraft Companies  »  Spicejet Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Infographic: Tracking demonetisation Infographic: Little known facts about India's banking network Diwali pollution in four visualisations Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Maruti Suzuki Ignis versus the competition Bigger new Yamaha FZ coming soon to a store near you Leyland gears up for the LCV marathon Automakers keep fingers crossed for the Budget Picking on food atop the Pala Rapu cliff Redmi Note 4: A favourite is back and how Letting the light shine through Car sales in Germany stay on the fast track in 2016 PSA takes the first step in drafting India script Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Congress opportunistic, a thing of the past, says Modi Pollen Collection Chamber in Coimbatore sbiINTOUCH branch in Bengaluru PSU oil companies, Andhra Pradesh govt ink pacts All TN districts to come under ESI Act soon More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Flight Plan Maximum City’s airport, minimum eco damage No other Indian airport has an unified approach to sustainability like Mumbai’s, writes Varun Aggarwal » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Education 2 Boeing launches engineering and technology center in Bengaluru Boeing launches engineering and technology center in Bengaluru According to the global aerospace giant, 'Boeing India Engineering and Technology Center' (BIETC) will leverage a 'talent pool of employees' to increase productivity and long-term competitiveness to support it's engineering growth in strong international markets such as India. By: IANS | New Delhi | Published: January 24, 2017 10:11 PM Global aerospace major Boeing on Tuesday launched its engineering and technology center in Bangalore.(Reuters) Global aerospace major Boeing on Tuesday launched its engineering and technology center in Bangalore. According to the global aerospace giant, ‘Boeing India Engineering and Technology Center’ (BIETC) will leverage a ‘talent pool of employees’ to increase productivity and long-term competitiveness to support it’s engineering growth in strong international markets such as India. “When we look for regions of competitiveness for the company around the world, we look at building cost, capability and market access advantages,” Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India was quoted as saying in a statement. You may also like to watch: “In India we see a true path towards a mutual partnership for success, and the launch of BIETC is a major step in that direction.” The company elaborated that BIETC will undertake ‘high quality technology-driven work’ to support diverse areas such as the development of advanced environment friendly coatings, and data analytics for next generation ‘Airplane Health Management’ tools. Besides, BIETC is expected to be engaged in the development of software tools for airlines and airports to improve their operations and reduce costs, automation for more efficient next-generation manufacturing, systems, infrastructure and analytics. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 What the upcoming GST reform means for the common man's pocket FM Jaitley faces a growth-stability dilemma in backdrop of global uncertainty This Union Budget day, make your own budget and achieve life goals Budget 2017: The Make it or Break it one for Modi government Arun Jaitley has a lot of scope to cut tax rates dramatically Trending Now Avalanche warning issued in Jammu and Kashmir Nobel Peace winner Malala Yousafzai 'heartbroken' by President Donald Trump order Assembly elections will confirm PM Narendra Modi is not popular anymore: Tariq Anwar Donald Trump is 'negotiator, not Terminator', says Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Christian women under terror grip in Pakistan Bryan Cranston to make London stage debut South Asian lawyers group condemn Donald Trump's orders on Muslim ban Madhur Bhandarkar condemns attack on Sanjay Leela Bhansali, dubs it as ‘highly shameful’ Punjab polls: Rahul Gandhi to address joint public rallies US President Donald Trump signs order promising 'great rebuilding' of military Kotak Mahindra Bank's ING Vysya Bank integration working well, loan growth to pick up: Nomura  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News Budget 2017: मोदी सरकार ला सकती है गरीबों और बेरोजगारों को हर महीने 1500 रुपए देने की योजना बजट 2017: मिडिल क्लास के लिए वित्त मंत्री अरुण जेटली कर सकते हैं ये 5 बड़े ऐलान सीतारमण ने दिया संकेत, बजट में स्टार्टअप इकाइयों को मिल सकते हैं टैक्स लाभ मुद्रास्फीति में बढ़ोतरी पर उद्योग जगत ने कहा, वृद्धि को बढ़ावा देने वाले सुधारों पर हो जोर Assembly Elections 2017 News बाहुबली मुख्‍तार अंसारी परिवार समेत बसपा में शामिल, तीन सदस्‍यों को हाथोंहाथ मिला विधानसभा टिकट पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी के साथ अपर्णा यादव की सेल्‍फी पर लगे थे कयास, अब पूछा- इसमें गलत क्‍या है? कटियार बोले- राम मंदिर का मुद्दा हमेशा जीवित रहेगा, इस पर कोई समझौता नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Boeing launches engineering and technology center in Bengaluru Indo Asian News Service IANS India Private Limited24 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share New Delhi, Jan 24 (IANS) Global aerospace major Boeing on Tuesday launched its engineering and technology center in Bangalore. According to the global aerospace giant, 'Boeing India Engineering and Technology Center' (BIETC) will leverage a 'talent pool of employees' to increase productivity and long-term competitiveness to support it's engineering growth in strong international markets such as India. "When we look for regions of competitiveness for the company around the world, we look at building cost, capability and market access advantages," Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India was quoted as saying in a statement. "In India we see a true path towards a mutual partnership for success, and the launch of BIETC is a major step in that direction." The company elaborated that BIETC will undertake 'high quality technology-driven work' to support diverse areas such as the development of advanced environment friendly coatings, and data analytics for next generation 'Airplane Health Management' tools. Besides, BIETC is expected to be engaged in the development of software tools for airlines and airports to improve their operations and reduce costs, automation for more efficient next-generation manufacturing, systems, infrastructure and analytics. --IANS ppg-rv/vm Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Mental Harassment For Pregnant Deepika Singh. What A Shame! Spotboye 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Delhi: CCTV cameras capture mother throwing her two-year-old son off the stairs Catch News Andhra Pradesh has resources, opportunities that global investors can explore: Chandrababu Naidu at Davos India Today 'I want to earn money, will fool people because this is what politicians do', says Independent candidate Ani The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored How to use Fenugreek Seeds for Diabetes Practo Miss Universe beauty pageant kicks off in Manila Reuters Did IDBI Bank officials bend rules to sanction loan worth Rs 150 crore to Mallya? India Today A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored Four dead after car rams into auto Ani Amitabh Bachchan’s Reaction After Watching Shah Rukh Khan’s Raees Business of Cinema Sanjay Leela Bhansali thrashed on Padmavati sets for allegedly distorting history India Today Want To Know The Secret Behind Long Pet Lives? Pet BounceSponsored Raees Heroine Mahira Khan In Santacruz, Mumbai! How did it happen? Spotboye Newborn with heart ailment to be cured at AIIMS after Sushma Swaraj's intervention Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportDefenceTech ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel ET Home›Industry›Ind'l Goods/Svs›Engineering 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Boeing's engineering, technology centre opens in Bangalore By PTI | Updated: Jan 24, 2017, 05.59 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » technology | productivity | global markets | environment | Boeing | Bangalore Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: US aircraft maker Boeing today announced the formal launch of its engineering and technology center in Bangalore. The newly set up centre, Boeing India Engineering and Technology Center (BIETC), would undertake high quality technology-driven work to support Boeing in various areas of aviation engineering and technology, a release said. BIETC plans to employ locals to undertake engineering and technology tasks. The local Boeing employees will work to support the company- including information technology and data analytics, engineering, research and technology, and test, it added. BIETC will leverage a talented pool of employees to increase productivity and long-term competitiveness to support Boeing's engineering growth in strong global markets like India, the company said. "When we look for regions of competitiveness for the company around the world, we look at building cost, capability and market access advantages. In India, we see a true path towards a mutual partnership for success, and the launch of BIETC is a major step in that direction," Boeing president for India Pratyush Kumar said. With a mix of technically proficient engineers, BIETC will undertake high quality technology-driven work to support areas as diverse as the development of advanced environment friendly coatings, data analytics for next generation Airplane Health Management tools, software tools for airlines and airports to improve their operations and reduce costs, automation for more efficient next-generation manufacturing, systems, infrastructure and analytics. "The BIETC and the talented people who work here are strengthening Boeing's efforts to innovate, compete and win by providing contributions in key technology areas that make our products and services more capable and more valuable," said Greg Hyslop, Boeing chief technology officer, and senior vice president, Boeing Engineering, Test & Technology. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9% Property Share Buy Fire TV Stick with Voice Remote @ $49.99 Amazon Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king Donald Trump 'needs to learn how to cry' from Barack Obama READ MORE ON » technology | productivity | global markets | environment | Boeing | Bangalore To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Loss making Indian Railways to rent out hill trains to private players Modi government plans to revive British-era gold mines with $2 billion worth of deposits HDFC Bank to deploy 20 humanoids in its branches in next 2 years Rs 1,400 crore may fizz out of Coca-Cola, PepsiCo coffers as Tamil Nadu traders mulling to ban products In big boost to Modi's power push, Adani sets up world's largest solar plant in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
рус кыр eng tur 漢語 العربية 69.23 73.95 1.15 28 january 2017 10:06 КАБАР President Kyrgyzstan ratifies agreement with Austria on the promotion and protection of investments President Atambayev signs a decree on promulgation of the official text of the New Constitution of Kyrgyzstan President Atambayev met with relatives of victims of plane crash near Bishkek Ministry of Education told Atambayev on the optimization of the network of higher education institutions Atambayev is informed about the general situation at the state border Parliament Kyrgyz Speaker expresses condolences to his Hungarian counterpart in connection with death of schoolchildren in a road accident Speaker of Kyrgyz Parliament and Ambassador of Bangladesh discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest Parliamentarians of foreign states send condolences to Kyrgyz Speaker over plane crash in Bishkek Kyrgyz Parliament forms a commission of deputies to study the cargo on board of crashed Boeing - 747 Kyrgyz Parliament develops a bill offering to pay benefits to newborns Government Prime Minister of Qatar expresses condolences over the crash of Boeing 747 near Bishkek Kyrgyzstan continues to receive condolences over the plane crash Zheenbekov gave instructions to the state authorities on the country's integration to the EEU Prime Minister Zheenbekov signs a decree to render financial aid to families of victims of the plane crash First Vice Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan meets with residents of the village where the plane crashed Politics Bilateral activities at different levels in 2017 between Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan discussed in Bishkek Cooperation and interaction between Kyrgyzstan and the OSCE discussed in Bishkek First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Chinese Ambassador discuss cooperation and prospects of its development Permanent Representative of Kyrgyzstan to the UN in Geneva and ICRC President discuss bilateral cooperation There will be no “export of color revolutions” during Trump’s presidency, political analyst Economy Kyrgyz Embassy to Korea takes part in seminar entitled "Economy and political prospects of Central Asia in 2017" Kyrgyzstan intends to improve its position in Doing Business and enter the top 50 In 2016 Kyrgyzstan exported to EEU countries more than 22 thousand tons of dairy products China to provide technical assistance to Kyrgyzstan in the amount of $ 100 mln In 2016 the volume of Kyrgyzstan's trade with EEU countries made $ 1.7 billion Society Kyrgyzstan to host English Language Week Kyrgyz National Security Committee announces preliminary results of investigation about cargo on the board of crashed Boeing - 747 A group of schoolchildren from Kyrgyzstan study advanced technology in Tokyo Body of the fourth pilot of the crashed aircraft identified Turkish side to pay compensation to victims of the plane crash – Kyrgyz Transport Ministry Analytics Plane crash in Kyrgyzstan "Airbumper": World Nomad Games: A Sports Competition in the Kyrchyn Gorge The Diplomat: Soviet uranium mines still have deadly impact in Kyrgyzstan Iranian President Hassan Rouhani will pay an official visit to Kyrgyzstan in near days Technology towns in Kyrgyzstan and government's support Regions Landslide covers two houses and two horses in Kyrgyzstan’s Suzak region 24 hours kindergarten opens in Alai region Several schools in Kyrgyzstan, which were closed due severe frost to resume working Issyk-Kul to host international tourism fair «Issyk-Kul ITF- 2017" Issyk-Kul to become twinned with regions of Kazakhstan KyrTAG –KyrgyzKabar –Kabar. Founded in 1937 The investigation of Boeing 747 crash will be completed after 4 months 24/01/17 17:30 627 views Society 0 Bishkek, Jan. 25 / Kabar /. The final investigation of Boeing 747 crash will be completed at least after 4 months, deputy chairman of the Interstate Aviation Committee (IAC), chairman of the commission to investigate the crash of Boeing 747 Leonid Kashirskiy told reporters at Kabar Agency. "As an example, I can say that it takes a year or tow, and sometimes 4-5 years to investigate some incidents. Also, it takes time for analysis of the results, further according to international rules its necessary to prepare the final conclusion and send the countries the participants - it is the United States and Turkey. The final report with the comments of the parties participating in the case will be ready for at least after 4 months," he said. Boeing 747 was unable to land at Manas airport on January 16 and crashed on houses near the airport. As a result of the crash 39 people were killed, including four crew members. According to official data, Boeing was flying from Hong Kong to Istanbul via Bishkek. Share Tweet Previous post Chairman of the IAC commission: "All cargo on board the crashed plane was intended for Turkey" Next post Judoka from Kyrgyzstan to participate in Grand Slam Paris 2017 in France Related posts Society Kyrgyzstan, China launch freight traffic to Kashka... 10/01 10:36 Society Kyrgyz-Chinese border will be closed from December... 30/12 20:48 Society ACT Airlines, whose cargo airline crashed in Bishk... 16/01 20:09 Society A group of schoolchildren from Kyrgyzstan study ad... 27/01 11:10 Comments Post Comment Submit Most read Most comment Ambassador Toktogulov will represent Kyrgyzstan at... 20/01 16:33    1867 Plane crash in Kyrgyzstan 22/01 17:20    1565 There will be no “export of color revolutions” dur... 21/01 20:16    1373 TASS: Flight recorders from crashed Turkish jet se... 21/01 19:20    1324 Issyk-Kul to become twinned with regions of Kazakh... 19/01 17:46    1318 Several schools in Kyrgyzstan, which were closed d... 20/01 18:51    1294 Parliamentarians of foreign states send condolence... 20/01 16:49    1270 Interfax: Kyrgyzstan needs to profit from EAEU int... 19/01 18:00    1265 Nina at ninety: China's Russian babushka 20/01 10:26    1261 10 Reasons to travel to Central Asia 15/01 20:46    1255 31 Photos That Will Put Kyrgyzstan On Your Bucket ... 11/01 15:09 Plane crash in Kyrgyzstan 22/01 17:20 Atambayev expresses condolences to President of Hu... 23/01 15:16 Atambayev is informed about the general situation ... 24/01 12:12 There will be no “export of color revolutions” dur... 21/01 20:16 Society Kyrgyzstan to host English Language Week 27/01 23:20 Kyrgyz National Security Committee announces preli... 27/01 18:28 A group of schoolchildren from Kyrgyzstan study ad... 27/01 11:10 Body of the fourth pilot of the crashed aircraft i... 26/01 22:19 Turkish side to pay compensation to victims of the... 26/01 19:28 Opinions expressed at a press conferences organized by Kabar News Agency, does not reflect the official opinion of Kabar Agency President Parliament Government Politics Economy Society Analytics Regions Culture World Sport Tourism Law and order Busıness Health Personnel policy EEU KUMTOR Media about CA Subscribe 2017 Copyright Kabar National News Agency Kabar - Kyrgyz National News Agency President Parliament Government Politics Economy Society Analytics Regions
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2016-17 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Sponsored Content UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper India Republic Day Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook Parent Talk India Republic Day Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy India Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Cookbook| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES India India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > International > India Narrow escape for Jet Airways passengers as tail hits runway PTI /New Delhi Filed on January 24, 2017 Share More > Vote The B737-800 aircraft has been grounded and a team from Boeing company is expected to visit Dhaka As many 168 people onboard a Jet Airways flight from Mumbai had a narrow escape after the tail of the aircraft hit the runway on landing at the Dhaka International airport last week, prompting the airline to take the pilots concerned off duty. The B737-800 aircraft has been grounded and a team from Boeing company is expected to visit Dhaka to assess the extent of damage to the plane while engineers from Jet Airways has already started the assessment, sources said. The incident, which happened on January 22, has been reported to aviation regulator DGCA (Directorate General of Civil Aviation). DGCA sources said Bangladesh's aviation authorities are expected to investigate the incident since it happened in Dhaka. According to them, if the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) of Bangladesh, which is the country's aviation regulatory body, decides not to probe the incident, then AAIB may take up the investigation. When contacted, Jet Airways confirmed the "tail strike" incident. The flight 9W-276 from Mumbai to Dhaka had 160 guests and eight crew members when it had a "tail strike" on landing at Dhaka airport on January 22. There were no injuries to guests or crew, all of whom deplaned safely, the airline said. In a detailed statement, Jet Airways also said the crew of the flight has been placed off roster in order to assist with the investigation as a standard practice. The aircraft, B737-800, is currently being inspected by the Jet Airways' engineering team at Dhaka before it is brought back for routine operations. Aircraft Accident investigation Bureau (AAIB), which comes under the Civil Aviation Ministry, is the apex body for probing accidents, serious incidents involving Indian aircraft. Further, Jet Airways said it continues to offer all cooperation to support the investigation in its aircraft incident. Share More > Vote ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ads is missing! MORE FROM International India Avalanches kill 10 Indian soldiers in Kashmir The separate avalanches buried the soldiers under tonnes of snow on... READ MORE Americas Trump on waterboarding: 'We have to fight fire... Trump said he would rely on the advice of his top national security... READ MORE Pakistan Pakistan bans prominent journalist Amir Liaquat... Jibran Nasir had filed an official complaint with the Pemra against... READ MORE Architect/Interior Design Modernising indigenous architecture The concept of smart villages, such as Arulville, holds potential to... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times UAE and India: Ties that bind Sheikh Mohamed delighted to celebrate R-Day with... UAE contingent opened the parade, with the participation of 149... READ MORE UAE and India: Ties that bind Watch: UAE military takes part in Republic Day... The contingent comprised of the UAE Presidential Guard, the Air Force,... READ MORE South Stars Watch: Indian actress attacked by stray dogs,... She got attacked when she tried to rescue her dog from the group... READ MORE Nation KT360 to put you at the centre of action Today we're launching 360 videos, an immersive storytelling platform... READ MORE   Popular Voted UAE and India: Ties that bind Sheikh Mohamed delighted to celebrate R-Day with Indians 94360 views | 25 January 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind Burj Khalifa glows with Indian National flag colours 36635 views | 25 January 2017 Crime WhatsApp saves women from prostitution in Dubai 22862 views | 24 January 2017 Transport Arab man tops traffic violations list with Dh343,000 fines 22815 views | 24 January 2017 Crime Tourist accused of raping woman in Dubai 20593 views | 24 January 2017 General Pakistan cricket star Shahid Afridi facilitates release of Pakistani prisoners in Dubai 20468 views | 25 January 2017 Americas Trump set to restrict Muslim immigration, order Mexico border wall 19752 views | 25 January 2017 Pakistan Ex-Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf's 'Dilli wali girlfriend' dance video goes viral 18816 views | 25 January 2017 Food Where to get 'karak chai' for Dh1 in Dubai 17248 views | 24 January 2017 Americas 'Courier' hides Dh73 million cash under mattress 16066 views | 25 January 2017 South Stars Watch: Indian actress attacked by stray dogs, seriously injured 15947 views | 26 January 2017 Kuwait Kuwait executes Prince Sheikh Faisal Al Abdullah Al Sabah for murdering another prince 15258 views | 25 January 2017 General Body stuck at Sharjah hospital due to non-clearance of bills 14482 views | 25 January 2017 Technology 5 iPhone features we bet you didn't know 13108 views | 25 January 2017 International My father was murdered, claims Michael Jackson's daughter 12264 views | 25 January 2017 India Indians: Getting a visa to this country will be harder 314 votes | 21 January 2017 India Man kills wife for oversharing on social media, commits suicide 169 votes | 20 January 2017 Health Should UAE worry about consuming Nutella? 151 votes | 20 January 2017 Dubai 5 things to keep in mind before leaving Dubai 150 votes | 23 January 2017 Dubai Indian couple gets royally hooked at Burj Khalifa, Burj Al Arab 139 votes | 23 January 2017 Weather Watch: Rain and drizzle hits Dubai among other parts of UAE 135 votes | 22 January 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind Sheikh Mohamed delighted to celebrate R-Day with Indians 130 votes | 25 January 2017 Offbeat Man complains about food, chef throws hot chilli in his eyes 111 votes | 24 January 2017 India Man smuggles over Dh300,000 gold in appliance from Dubai 110 votes | 22 January 2017 Offbeat Video: Arab girl 'gets tattoo', mother loses her cool 109 votes | 21 January 2017 Kuwait Kuwait declares state of emergency over oil leak 106 votes | 23 January 2017 General Abu Dhabi cop, 4 family members killed in Saudi accident 106 votes | 20 January 2017 Ras Al Khaimah Beware of 'impure drinking water' in this emirate 92 votes | 24 January 2017 Saudi Arabia 69 Pakistanis arrested in Saudi for terrorism 90 votes | 23 January 2017 India 16-year-old kills 9-year-old, eats flesh and drinks blood 86 votes | 22 January 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in RTD adjusts routes to accommodate moves Monday Jan 23, 2017 at 5:04 PM Jan 23, 2017 at 5:04 PM Wes Bowers Record Staff Writer @WBowersTSR STOCKTON — Next Sunday, a handful of San Joaquin Regional Transit District routes will change because of the relocation of two companies. The RTD Board of Directors on Friday unanimously approved service modifications to routes 85 and 385, Route 91 and Metro Hopper 4. Modifications include discontinuing services on Industrial Drive and Flora Street but adding a new stop at Frontage Road 99 at Boeing Way. The modifications come after Pacific Gas & Electric and Community Center for the Blind moved. Community Center for the Blind moved from its West Flora Street at North Madison Street location to Grand Canal Boulevard near the Hilton Hotel and March Lane, and PG&E moved its customer service center from Lorraine Avenue two blocks north of Hammer Lane to a larger building on Frontage Road 99 West at Boeing Way. “Every year we implement service changes, and often times they’re smaller changes like this,” RTD spokesman Max Vargas said Monday. “Sometimes they’re larger changes or we’ll offer a whole new service or route, but these are very minor and won’t really affect our system or service at all.” Some 400 PG&E employees have been relocated by the move, and the company plans to expand to more than 600 at its new building, according to RTD. The transit agency will modify routes 85, 91 and 385 in response to discussions first initiated by PG&E in 2015 to make service more available for employees who work at the call center. On routes 85 and 385, RTD will discontinue four stops along Industrial Road and Earhart Avenue at B Drive. A new stop will be added at the Highway 99 frontage road and Boeing Way, directly in front of PG&E’s new building. Vargas said a survey of the Industrial Way and Earhart Avenue corridors found that just one rider a day was using RTD’s services there. On Route 91, a new stop in front of the new PG&E building will begin, and no stops will be removed. According to RTD, the energy company has committed to purchasing $8,500 in 31-day passes to establish ridership for the new modification. Vargas said that amounts to about 130 passes for employees. Community Center for the Blind moved its program to a larger, newer and more centrally located area on Grand Canal Boulevard in order to provide more services to guests and employees. To accommodate that change, RTD will discontinue service at the center’s previous location at Flora and Madison streets. According to RTD’s existing schedules, the Metro Hopper 1 stop at Quail Lakes Drive and March Lane will accommodate the center’s new location. Typically, RTD policy requires the agency to gather public comment prior to the implementation of any service changes that result in a more than 25 percent reduction in daily transit revenue, or a more than 25 percent reduction in the number of transit miles. Changes to routes 85 and 385 result in a 12 percent reduction in mileage, and Route 91 adds a less than 1 percent increase in route miles. Typically, RTD will change routes or add services based on population or shopping corridors, Vargas said, noting Pacific Avenue is one of the most-used corridors by riders in the county. In addition, Friday’s staff report states that building near PG&E’s new location are being renovated and have the potential to attract hundreds of additional employees. The new location also is close to the California State Employment Development Office. These local changes have the potential to increase ridership on RTD, if companies promote the service. “We do expect to benefit in ridership in the long-term,” Vargas said. “Part of it might be that employers might mention to some people at work that they could start taking the bus if they haven’t already, and see what happens from there.” — Contact reporter Wes Bowers at (209) 546-8258 or wbowers@recordnet.com. Follow him at recordnet.com/bowersblog and on Twitter @WBowersTSR. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Inhalt Navigation Weitere Inhalte Metanavigation Suche Choose from 30 Languages Albanian Shqip Amharic አማርኛ Arabic العربية Bengali বাংলা Bosnian B/H/S Bulgarian Български Chinese 中文 Croatian Hrvatski Dari دری English English French Français German Deutsch Greek Ελληνικά Hausa Hausa Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia Kiswahili Kiswahili Macedonian Македонски Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Polish Polski Portuguese Português para África Portuguese Português do Brasil Romanian Română Russian Русский Serbian Српски/Srpski Spanish Español Turkish Türkçe Ukrainian Українська Urdu اردو Wrong language? Change it here DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting. DW.COM in 30 languages DW AKADEMIE ABOUT DW Deutsche Welle TOP STORIES Germany Germany Guide for Refugees World Europe Africa Crime Fighters Africa on the Move Asia Americas Middle East Business Davos 2017 My 2030 Science In Good Shape Spectrum Tomorrow Today Environment Global Ideas In focus DoingYourBit Eco@Africa Living Planet Culture Film Books Music Arts Digital Culture Lifestyle Travel Sports Bundesliga Champions League National Team F1 eSports More sports SPECIAL Art of Freedom. Freedom of Art. Generation 25 German Book Prize German-Jewish Cultural Heritage Gutenberg in the Cyberstorm Learning by Ear Merkel's pledge Sports: the global language Germany AfD members distance themselves from Holocaust memorial critic 27.01.2017 World May stalled as Brexit goes to UK parliament 24.01.2017 Business Weak exports dampen US fourth-quarter growth 27.01.2017 Media Center Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs TV programs Arts.21 Business Check-in Close up Conflict Zone Documentaries Drive it! DW News Eco-at-Africa Euromaxx Europe in Concert Faith Matters Focus on Europe Global 3000 In Good Shape Interview Kick off! Kino Made in Germany PopXport Quadriga Reporter Sarah's Music Shift The Bundesliga The Day Tomorrow Today Treasures of the World World Stories RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German Courses Quick start Harry Deutsch Interaktiv Radio D Mission Europe Deutsch - warum nicht? Audiotrainer Deutschtrainer German XXL German XXL Deutsch Aktuell Deutsch im Fokus Telenovela Bandtagebuch Landeskunde Community D Community D Das Porträt Facebook & Co. Podcasts & Newsletter Service Teaching German Teaching German DW im Unterricht Unterrichtsreihen Deutschlehrer-Info Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports TOP STORIES / Business Business Boeing outlook brightens after earnings jump US aerospace giant Boeing has reported a massive surge in fourth-quarter earnings and has projected higher commercial aircraft deliveries in 2017 as it works through a backlog of orders. Boeing's net income in the final quarter of 2016 rose 59 percent compared with the same quarter in the previous year, reaching $1.63 billion (1.51 billion euros). On a per-share basis that was net income of $2.59, the Chicago-based company said Wednesday, amid a slight decrease of one percent in revenue to $23.29 billion. Nevertheless, chief executive Dennis Muilenburg described Boeing's performance as solid. "We extended our aerospace market leadership in our centennial year and positioned Boeing for continued growth and success in our second century," he said in a statement. Boeing shares rose more than two percent in early trading on Wednesday, giving a boost to the Dow Jones, which surpassed the 20,000-point mark for the first time in its history. Boeing investors mainly cheered the aircraft maker's outlook for 2017. More deliveries, but less revenue Boeing announced it expected to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 planes delivered in 2016. The company currently runs a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Prospected 2017 sales would amount to revenue of between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion, down from $94.6 billion in 2016, it added. This seems mainly the result of Boeing's government business which has come under increasing cost pressure recently. According to company figures, 2017 revenue from its defense and space operations could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets. Watch video 00:33 Trump to scrap presidential plane order uhe/mds (AFP, AP, Reuters) DW recommends Trump lashes out at Boeing over future of Air Force One The US President-elect has claimed that the cost of a new aircraft to transport the president is "out of control." But Boeing said their contract with the government falls significantly short of Trump's estimates. (07.12.2016)   WTO rules against Boeing in US subsidies case The World Trade Organization (WTO) has ruled that a tax break from Washington state to help Boeing develop its new 777X jetliner was a prohibited subsidy - a victory for Airbus and EU regulators. (28.11.2016)   India's Spicejet in 'game-changing' deal with Boeing Indian budget airline Spicejet has said it's buying hundreds of Boeing planes as it seeks to hike its share of the world's fastest-growing passenger aviation market. It will be able to expand into long-haul flights. (13.01.2017)   China, Russia team up to build long-haul jet Chinese and Russian aircraft corporations have provided more details on their plan to develop a long-haul wide-bodied jet. The move came as the two nations seek to challenge Western rivals Boeing and Airbus. (03.11.2016)   Dow Jones breaks above 20,000 as Trump rally resumes On the back of President Trump's promises of fiscal spending and infrastructure investment, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has cleared 20,000 points for the first time in its 130-year history. (25.01.2017)   Audios and videos on the topic Trump to scrap presidential plane order   Date 25.01.2017 Related Subjects Aviation Keywords aviation, Boeing, outlook Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Feedback: Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2WOYO Related content India's Spicejet in 'game-changing' deal with Boeing 13.01.2017 Indian budget airline Spicejet has said it's buying hundreds of Boeing planes as it seeks to hike its share of the world's fastest-growing passenger aviation market. It will be able to expand into long-haul flights. Air Force One - a short history of the flying Oval Office 08.12.2016 The US President's flying command center is arguably the most famous aircraft in the world. From FDR's "Dixie Clipper" to today's Boeing 747, here's a visual history of presidential air travel over the past 100 years. Airbus agrees to sell 100 planes to Iran Air 22.12.2016 Airbus signed a contract to sell 100 aircraft to Iran Air nearly one year after sanctions against Iran were lifted. The deal comes after Iran bought 80 planes from Airbus rival Boeing. Date 25.01.2017 Related Subjects Aviation Keywords aviation, Boeing, outlook Share Facebook Twitter Google+ More Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Send us your feedback. Print Print this page Permalink http://dw.com/p/2WOYO Kyle McKinnon Interview Kyle McKinnon Interview  DW Business – Europe & Asia Theresa May meets Donal Trump - Post-Brexit Toys - Telling fortunes in the Year of the Rooster  Thousands of King George III documents go online The British Royal Archives have released documents made during King George III's reign to the public. Some 33,000 pages on Britain's longest-reigning king are now available.   Berlin mayor Michael Mueller tells Donald Trump: 'Don't build this wall!' Berlin's mayor has turned Reagan's famous Cold War plea to Gorbachev to tear the wall down into a plea for Trump not to build one. A proposed wall along the US-Mexico border has strained bilateral relations.   Decriminalizing domestic violence in Russia The Russian parliament has passed a controversial law that decriminalizes some forms of domestic violence. First-time offenders need no longer fear criminal prosecution.   TOP STORIES Germany World Business Science Environment Culture Sports   A - Z Index MEDIA CENTER Live TV All media content Latest Programs Podcasts TV Schedule and Reception TV Programs   RADIO LEARN GERMAN German Courses German XXL Community D Teaching German ABOUT DW Who we are Press Business & Sales Advertising Travel SERVICE Reception Mobile Newsletters & Co. FAQ Contact   DW AKADEMIE About us Media Development Master's Degree Traineeship Training © 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Dow closes above 20,000 for first time as Trump orders send stocks flyingBy Fred Imbert | CNBC – Thu, Jan 26, 2017 8:01 AM AEDT Companies: Dow Jones Industrial Average The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change ^DJI 20,093.78 -7.13 GS 236.95 -2.63 Related Content View Photo Getty Images U.S. equities closed at all-time highs on Wednesday after a series of executive orders from President Donald Trump increased bullish sentiment on Wall Street, while financials outperformed. "People are seeing that the administration is carrying through with some of the things they promised," said John Stadtler, head of U.S. Financial Services Industry Practice at PwC. "It looks like long-term capital gains are here to stay." The Dow Jones industrial average broke above 20,000 for the first time, rising about 150 points as Boeing (BA), Goldman Sachs (GS) and IBM (IBM) contributed the most gains. The S&P 500 advanced 0.8 percent to a new all-time high, with financials rising more than 1.5 percent. "Clearly, this has become a buy-high-sell-higher market with the Dow breaking above 20,000," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "Out of the gate, President Trump is moving along with his agenda." "More importantly, earnings have been on the cusp of increasing, and that's going to be key to hold these valuations," Sandven said. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.99 percent, also notching a record high. "Traders have been waiting for more details on infrastructure spending and now they have it in a very clear format," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets. "There is nothing bigger than this. A break of 20,000 for the Dow stimulates fresh capital which has been waiting for this moment to join this party." On Tuesday, President Trump signed executive orders that will make it easier for TransCanada (Toronto Stock Exchange: TRP-CA) to build the Keystone XL pipeline and for Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) to build the final uncompleted portion of the Dakota Access pipeline. The orders helped lift the materials sector to a 2.5 percent gain Tuesday. "There's no question that some of the executive orders he's signed are good, especially deregulations," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "Anything else should be seen as a question mark. We don't know what a wall on the Mexican border would mean for Nafta." Trump also rolled out executive orders on immigration on Wednesday, including one on border security and the intent to build a wall along the U.S. southern border, and another strengthening the enforcement of immigration laws . U.S. stocks had rallied significantly following the presidential election, with the S&P 500 advancing 6.57 percent since Nov. 8, entering Wednesday trading. The rally was largely propelled by the prospects of lower corporate taxes, deregulation of certain sectors and more government spending. However, investors should look out for a potential pullback from these levels, said Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities. "If funds continue to shovel capital into equities in advance of an inevitable reprise of an undesirable bout of skittishness, then shares may suffer a selloff greater in magnitude and duration than I anticipate," he said. Investors also paid attention to a series of corporate quarterly results, as Dow components Boeing (BA) posted earnings and revenue that beat Wall Street expectations. United Technologies (UTX), another Dow component, posted profit and sales that largely met analyst expectations. AT&T (NYSE:T), eBay (EBAY),Qualcomm (QCOM), F5 Networks (FFIV), Las Vegas Sands, Vertex Pharma and Western Digital are among the major companies all due to report after the market close. In economic news, the FHFA House Price index rose 0.5 percent in November. Mortgage rates, meanwhile, rose 4 percent last week. Overseas, European equities rose broadly, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 (^STOXX) index advancing 1.3 percent. Asian stocks also posted gains overnight, as the Nikkei 225 index popped 1.43 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average (Dow Jones Global Indexes: .DJI) rose 163 points, or 0.82 percent, to trade at 20,076, with Boeing leading advancers and United Technologies lagging. The S&P 500 (^GSPC) gained 17 points, or 0.75 percent, to 2,297, with financials leading eight sectors higher and real estate the top decliner. The Nasdaq composite (^IXIC) advanced 52 points, or 0.94 percent, to 5,653. About two stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 469 million and a composite volume of 2.356 billion in afternoon trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) (^VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.7. U.S. crude prices (New York Mercantile Exchange: @CL.1) fell 0.53 percent to $52.90 per barrel, despite bearish supply data from the Energy Information Administration. Gold futures for February delivery (CEC:Commodities Exchange Centre: @GC.1) dropped $14.30 to $1,196.50 per ounce. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Wednesday Earnings: eBay, Qualcomm, Citrix, WW Grainger, Las Vegas Sands, Cullen/Frost Bankers,Murphy Oil (MUR), McKesson, Norfolk Southern Thursday Earnings:Intel, (INTC) Microsoft (MSFT), Alphabet (GOOGL), Caterpillar (CAT), Comcast (CMCSA), Dow Chemical (DOW),Ford, (NYSE:F) Fiat Chrysler, Unilever, Biogen, Northrop Grumman (NOC), Blackstone, Praxair, Potash, Alaska Air, PulteGroup (PHM), LM Ericsson, LVMH, (Euronext Paris: MC-FR) Raytheon (RTN), Southwest Air, Stanley Black & Decker (SWK) 8:30 a.m. Jobless claims 9:45 a.m. Markit services PMI 10:00 a.m. New home sales Friday Earnings: Chevron (CVX), Colgate-Palmolive, (CL) Honeywell, American Airlines (AAL),General Dynamics (GD), Air Products 8:30 a.m. Durable goods 8:30 a.m. Q4 Real GDP 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment More From CNBC Top News and Analysis Latest News Video Personal Finance Related Headlines Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House - @ TheStreet Uncork the Champagne? Stocks End Week Higher as Dow Breaks 20,000 - @ Barrons.com How the Dow gives active fund management a good name - @ MarketWatch How major US stock market indexes fared on Friday - AP These stocks won and these have lost since Donald Trump’s election and Dow Jones march to 20,000 - @ American City Business Journals Top Stories » Give Libs small business in cabinet: AbetzAAP Former minister Eric Abtez believes the small business portfolio should be put back into cabinet and given solely … London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Dow Jones breaks through 20,000 milestone By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Jan 25 2017 04:18PM    •    Last Updated Jan 25 2017 04:18 pm Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (13) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. "It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher." VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 13 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn't stand trial. Honor Code dispute could move Air Force ROTC off BYU campus Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Mysterious fund pays for League of Cities-sponsored stories in Deseret News ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing, Bob Evans gain; Freeport McMoRan, Textron sink Originally published January 25, 2017 at 1:44 pm Updated January 25, 2017 at 2:51 pm Share story The Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday: Boeing Co., up $6.81 to $167.36 The company’s fourth-quarter results beat analysts’ estimates and it forecast that deliveries of commercial airplanes will rise slightly in 2017 after slipping last year. Bob Evans Farms Inc., up $9.99 to $57.94 Most Read Stories Seattle ‘won’t be bullied,’ will fight Trump’s sanctuary-city order, mayor says Seattle cop’s son killed after trying to stop car prowler in Sammamish  VIEW For thousands, light rail could be the only way through downtown Seattle next year What does Trump’s action on sanctuary cities mean for Seattle? Here’s what we know Seahawks assistant head coach for defense Rocky Seto leaves team to enter ministryUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The company is selling its restaurants to a private equity firm for $565 million. Freeport-McMoRan Inc., down 52 cents to $16.50 The mining company reported earnings that fell far short of what investors were looking for. Seagate Technology PLC, up $5.23 to $42.67 The data storage company reported earnings that easily beat analysts’ forecasts. TransCanada Corp., up 50 cents to $49.34 President Donald Trump invited the company to resubmit its application for a presidential permit to construct and operate the Keystone XL pipeline. Textron Inc., down $2.65 to $46.73 The maker of Cessna small planes and Bell helicopters posted earnings that missed analysts’ estimates. Rockwell Automation Inc., up $10.98 to $153.01 The industrial equipment and software maker posted revenue and earnings that came in ahead of forecasts and also raised its full-year estimates. Brinker International Inc., down $2.92 to $44.24 The operator of restaurant chains Chili’s Grill & Bar and Maggiano’s Little Italy reported earnings and revenue that fell short of analysts’ estimates. The Associated Press Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story How major US stock market indexes fared on Wednesday Previous Story Contractor says Trump refusing to pay for work at DC hotel Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Temp: 56° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Deputy accused of stealing money | 'Ad Astra Per Aspera' exhibit | Rolex 24 COLD SNAP ON THE WAY: Get the News 13+ app for hour-by-hour temperature conditions BIG EVENTS THIS WEEKEND: Manatee Festival | Zora! Festival of the Arts | NFL Pro Bowl Dow Jones closes above 20,000 points for 1st time ever The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. (AP Photo) By Alex Veiga, AP Business Writer Last Updated: Wednesday, January 25, 2017, 4:53 PM EST NEW YORK --  The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for 1st time It's the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for stock market It's been 2 months since the Dow crossed 19,000 points Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. "It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher." The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds - even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 - and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 percent, to $167.36. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 percent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 percent after the defense contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Latest News: National Harden scores 51 to lead Rockets past Embiid, 76ers Former NL Cy Young winner Randy Jones has throat cancer Agent: Oscar-nominated actor John Hurt, from "The Elephant Man" and "Midnight Express," dies at 77 Goran Dragic leads Heat to 6th straight, 100-88 over Bulls Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 James, Irving help Cavs break losing streak, beat Nets Welcome to Hockeywood: NHL All-Stars converge for LA party A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
  It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue January 25, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer FILE – In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing’s North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) DALLAS — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business. The company forecast Wednesday that deliveries of commercial airplanes will rise slightly in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing expects full-year earnings in 2017 to range between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, roughly in line with analysts’ forecast of $9.25 per share. The company’s revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets, however. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada’s Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. And Boeing’s government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets. The company was stung last month when then-President-elect Donald Trump blasted the cost of replacing the Boeing 747 jumbo jets used as Air Force One presidential planes. “Costs are out of control, more than $4 billion,” Trump tweeted. “Cancel order!” CEO Dennis Muilenburg visited Trump at Trump Tower to assure him the company will work to reduce the program’s costs. Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted that revenue will be between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing have increased 3 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 index has climbed roughly 2 percent. The stock has climbed 29 percent in the last 12 months. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries January 27, 2017 - Business - no comments REDWOOD CITY, Calif. – The robots are coming. And they have burritos, Chinese food and burgers. If you’re a hungry DoorDash user in Redwood City, they may be coming for you. Recently, the on-demand food delivery startup announced that in… Read Post → Webster Bank’s Perna has issued final forecast Financial wizard retiring January 27, 2017 - Business - Tagged: GE, Waterbury Regional Chamber Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT - no comments Economist Nicholas S. Perna, Ph.D., has traded giving crystal-ball predictions on the economy for spending more time with his grandchildren and at his beach cottage in Old Lyme. Perna, 74, retired this month from a part-time, paid post as economic… Read Post → State seeks input on use of its VW settlement January 27, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Dannel Malloy - no comments The state is seeking comment how to use $51.6 million to be acquired through the national legal settlement involving the Volkswagen emissions cheating scandal, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy announced Friday. The draft plan is available on Department of Energy and… Read Post → Wolverton: Wi-Fi device makers targeting home dead zones January 27, 2017 - Business - no comments Having a Wi-Fi network that covers your whole house – and even the area outside it – is starting to be as important as having an electrical outlet in every room. But many houses have dead zones the Wi-Fi network… Read Post → Ride-hailing service for women launches next week January 27, 2017 - Business - Tagged: biznews, Boston, Chariot for Women, Uber - no comments BOSTON – An Uber-like service connecting female riders exclusively with female drivers is launching in Boston following a rebranding and leadership change. Safr says it will launch its service next week on an invite-only basis in Boston. The service will… Read Post → US economic growth slowed to 1.9 percent rate in Q4 January 27, 2017 - Business - Tagged: biznews, Donald Trump, economic growth, GDP, Taxes, Washington - no comments WASHINGTON – The U.S. economy lost momentum in the final three months of 2016, closing out a year in which growth turned in the weakest performance in five years. The Commerce Department says the gross domestic product grew at an… Read Post → Craigslist founder donates $500K to curb Wikipedia trolls January 27, 2017 - Business - Tagged: biznews, Craig Newmark, Craigslist, San Francisco - no comments SAN FRANCISCO – Craigslist founder Craig Newmark is donating $500,000 to help curb harassment on Wikipedia. The Wikimedia Foundation announced Thursday that money from the Craig Newmark Foundation and Craigslist’s Charitable Fund will go toward tools for Wikipedia’s staff and… Read Post → Ford reports $4.6B full-year profit despite fourth-quarter drop January 26, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Taxes - no comments DETROIT – Ford Motor Company on Thursday posted one of its best ever full-year profits, enough to trigger $9,000 profit-sharing checks for more than 56,000 hourly workers. The automaker reported a drop in net income of $800 million in the… Read Post → Google’s Pixel phone shines despite mistakes gauging demand January 26, 2017 - Business - no comments SAN FRANCISCO (AP) – The Pixel phone, Google’s answer to Apple’s iPhone and Samsung’s Galaxy, is off to a promising start that would have been even better if consumer demand had been managed as smartly as the device’s sleek design…. Read Post → Workers remove about one-fifth of Iowa diesel pipeline spill January 26, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media - no comments DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) – Workers have removed about one-fifth of the 140,000 gallons of diesel that spilled from a broken pipeline onto an Iowa farm, authorities said on Thursday, and all the liquid on the ground should be cleaned… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Years in Business Latest News PHOTO GALLERY: ‘Amazing Hero Art’ Performance in Oxford 1 hour ago Woodbury businesses asked to book space in Passport 2 hours ago Solution is on track 2 hours ago Hospital donates to medical center 2 hours ago Board looking at what to close in Torrington 2 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    Top 25 football poll    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       UConn video       Women’s Basketball The Streak Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Who are smarter: males or females? Males Females View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments seablue on Board looking at what to close in Torrington Why2 on Time for Democrats to serve country, not their party marshall on Malloy has bill to curb addiction to opiates philthy on Time for Democrats to serve country, not their party kitty on Time for Democrats to serve country, not their party Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 01/25/2017 18-28-62-66-68 PB-22Next Drawing: Sat. Jan. 28Next Jackpot: $187.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $113.3 Mega Millions for 01/24/2017 08-42-54-63-67 MB-11 MP-4Next Drawing: Fri. Jan. 27Next Jackpot: $188.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $113.6 Lotto! for 01/24/2017 07-12-14-27-31-36Next Drawing: Fri. Jan. 27Next Jackpot: $2.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,955,000 Lucky for Life for 01/26/2017 03-11-13-31-42 LB-06Next Drawing: Mon. Jan. 30 Cash5 for 01/26/2017 10-14-18-24-30 Upcoming Events Jan 27 Fri 9:15 pm Advanced Italian Class @ Sullivan Senior Center, Advanced Italian Class @ Sullivan Senior Center, Jan 27 @ 9:15 pm – 11:15 pm This 14-session course is designed for those with a good command of advanced Italian grammar and vocabulary, to include conversation, grammar review, culture and advanced readings. Required text is “Ciao!,” fifth edition, by Federici and Riga. A reader, “Conversazione in... Jan 28 Sat 9:00 am Connecticut State Button Winter ... @ Grace Lutheran Church Connecticut State Button Winter ... @ Grace Lutheran Church Jan 28 @ 9:00 am – 3:30 pm A program on mercury buttons presented by Rachel Mercurio – 12:30 to 1 p.m. Coffee and dessert, walk-ins welcome. Snow date: Feb. 4. For weather-related cancellations, visit www.connecticutstatebuttonsociety.org. 9:00 am Waterbury Legislators Office Hou... @ Starbucks Waterbury Legislators Office Hou... @ Starbucks Jan 28 @ 9:00 am – 11:00 am With Sen. Joan Hartley and Rep. Jeff Berger Additional dates will be announced as they are scheduled. 9:15 am Tree Tapping Day @ Flanders Sugar House Tree Tapping Day @ Flanders Sugar House Jan 28 @ 9:15 am All ages and families welcome, no experience needed. RSVP. 10:00 am “Sacred Moments” @ Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center “Sacred Moments” @ Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center Jan 28 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm The Marie Louise Trichet Art Gallery at Wisdom House Retreat and Conference Center, 299 East Litchfield Road, has opened a new exhibit, “Sacred Moments.” The joint exhibit features the combined works of New London artist Ashby Carlisle and New Hartford... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Advertising Syst Admin and Financial Analyst ADVERTISING Advertising Systems Administrator /Financial Analyst Full-time position working with Business Department in maintaining and analyzing advertising sales efforts. A college degree in Marketing, Advertising/ Business, or equivalent combination of education and experience is preferred. Strong analytical, mathematical, problem solving and computer skills a must. Excellent benefits package includes health, vision, dental, life and disability […] Sales Advertising Account Executive POSITION DESCRIPTION: This full-time entry level position is responsible for developing and selling Citizen’s News complete compliment of products including print, digital, contests and promotions; providing information to advertisers in a consultative manner; creating effective, professional sales presentations; and creating strong relationships with clients and the local community. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED: Strong knowledge […] Comments Popular Today Week Month All Malloy has bill to curb addiction to opiates Little girls doubt that women can be brilliant, study shows Federal judge rejects Ohio's new lethal injection process Waterbury man accused of attempted stabbing New Hartford officials, residents join debate over Trump Today Week Month All Kennedy High teen missing Waterbury man accused of attempted stabbing Power outage affects parts of Waterbury Frank A. Pacilio Naugatuck family awarded $6 million in lawsuit against Hartford Hospital Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out07:06 GMT +328 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Unveils Designer Spacesuits for Shuttle to International Space Station © NASA. Tech 01:33 26.01.2017Get short URL 150331 Boeing has unveiled a 20 pound spacesuit for astronauts travelling to the International Space Station aboard the Boeing Starliner spacecraft. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Astronauts travelling to the International Space Station aboard the Boeing Starliner spacecraft will benefit from a 20 pound spacesuit that allows moisture to escape while keeping air inside, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) announced in a press release. "The suit capitalizes on historical designs, meets NASA requirements for safety and functionality, and introduces cutting-edge innovations," the release stated on Wednesday. With accessories included, the spacesuit is about ten pounds lighter than existing models and includes features such as helmet and visor incorporated into the suit instead of detachable touchscreen-sensitive gloves on previous models, the release explained. Check out the new sleek #Starliner #spacesuit designed by @Boeing: https://t.co/lwixFUtBIl #astronaut #space #Stylish pic.twitter.com/6d9sp4CJrH — ILS (@ILSLaunch) January 25, 2017 ​In addition, the Starliner suit material lets water vapor pass out of the suit, away from the astronaut, but keeps air inside, making the suit cooler without sacrificing safety, the release noted. #Boeing's new @Commercial_Crew spacesuit meets our safety requirements & introduces cutting-edge innovations. More: https://t.co/YTGEhKEhwX pic.twitter.com/WyojLczNyb — NASA (@NASA) January 25, 2017 ​The spacesuit acts as the emergency backup for the Starliner voyagers should multiple life support systems fail. If something goes wrong, the suit pressurizes immediately, according to the release. Boeing is co-developing with NASA the Starliner, a reusable spacecraft to carry four astronauts and supplies to the International Space Station. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: Russian Cosmonaut Aboard ISS Joins Instagram, Shows Life in Space (PHOTOS) Astronauts at ISS Venture Out to Space for Station's Power System Upgrade - NASA Japanese Cargo Spaceship Delivers Food, Water, Batteries to ISS Partners to Help Russia With Deliveries to ISS After Progress MS-04 Loss Tags: spacesuits, Starliner, NASA, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 08:04 26.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete and where is pierre cardin's input? :)Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 07:06Over 40 Deaths From Yellow Fever Confirmed in Brazil 06:26Poland’s General Staff to Retire Next Week Amid Army Reform Plans 05:58Male CEO Attacks Female Muslim JFK Employee, Calls for Trump 05:50Mexico Sending Over $40 Million to Help Its Immigrants in US 05:25British Actor John Hurt Dead at 77 - ReportsAll news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 13057 India's Home-Made 'Eye-in-Sky' to Fly at Republic Day March for First Time 11108 India to Buy Hundreds of Missiles for Russian Self Propelled Air Defence System 10235 India Begins Constructing Movable Bunkers on Border With China 9577 Chinese Smartphones Make Steady Inroads in India 9337All news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 46 US Fact-Checking Institute Sponsored by Soros on War Path Against 'Fake News' 37 Secret Service Agent Scrutinized for Refusal to ‘Take Bullet for Trump’ 34 President Trump Signs Executive Order to Build Border Wall 31 Think Tanks Stage Massive Computer Simulation of War With Russia in Warsaw 25All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures War Games Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 1/25/2017 4:04 PM Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Associated Press A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average on Wednesday. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Associated Press Trader Gregory Rowe wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Associated Press Specialists Dilip Patel, left, and Patrick Murphy work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Associated Press Richard Newman, center, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Associated Press   By Alex Veiga Associated Press The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. "It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher." The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds -- even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 -- and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 percent, to $167.36. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 percent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 percent after the defense contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. • AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. Tweet This article filed under: Business News Finance Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Dow Jones breaks through 20,000 milestone | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV National News HOT TOPICS Mexico Donald Trump Health care Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Dow Jones breaks through 20,000 milestone Alex Veiga, The Associated Press Published Wednesday, January 25, 2017 12:16AM EST Last Updated Wednesday, January 25, 2017 11:41PM EST The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. "It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher." The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 per cent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 per cent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 per cent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds -- even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 -- and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 per cent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 per cent, to $167.36. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 per cent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 per cent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 per cent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 per cent after the defence contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 per cent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 per cent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 per cent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 per cent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 per cent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 per cent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 per cent from 2.47 per cent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 per cent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 per cent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. ------ AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. Related Links NYSE - Dow Jones industrial average Photos A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Toronto: Woman fails to stop for border patrol Air Date: January 27, 2017 false Man trying to solve family photo mystery Air Date: January 27, 2017 false Winnipegger warns others after ordeal in Mexico Air Date: January 26, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Doble doble, por favor: Tim Hortons saying hola to Mexico Beware third-party passport companies: Canadian government Toronto's main stock index falls on energy sector slump as oil dips Second Postmedia executive to depart after receiving retention bonus Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership, owing $39M to debtor Canadian in U.S. jailed for 4 years over 'pump and dump' penny stock fraud Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Darren Sissons' Top Picks _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Total S.A. _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses 3D Systems _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses BP CTV News Video Network false Canadian says she was sexually assaulted, jailed in Mexico CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Winnipeg woman speaks out about dangers of travel in Mexico 1 2 Curses! Ontario town's Harry Potter festival sells out 9 months in advance 3 Trump calls Madonna 'disgusting' for Women's March remarks 1 4 Mom gets 8 years in prison for heroin death of 11-month-old 5 Video introducing Trump to the Netherlands goes viral 6 Manhunt in Toronto for 'dangerous' man who escaped hospital 1 7 'The nasty side of NAFTA': Unifor boss slams GM for slashing 625 jobs in Ont. 5 8 Doble doble, por favor: Tim Hortons saying hola to Mexico 9 Military training plane crashes near CFB Moose Jaw 2 10 Albright: 'I stand ready to register as Muslim' Don't Miss false Outdoor mashup of curling and crokinole debuts in Winnipeg false Searchin' for urchin? B.C. farming pilot project launched false Man finds mysterious photos inside book from thrift store You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Manhunt in Toronto for 'dangerous' man who escaped hospital Crown asks for jail terms as long as 18 years in Quebec maple syrup theft Riding a relic: Ottawa rail enthusiasts restore trolley for Canada 150 WORLD Trump orders strict new refugee screening Mexicans unite to fight Trump's plans with U.S. boycotts Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight ENTERTAINMENT Actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and 'Alien,' dies at 77 Mischa Barton taken to hospital after reports of yelling Celine Dion to be adviser on 'The Voice' HEALTH Medical journal no longer recommends popular morning sickness pill Hawaii bill would classify homelessness as medical condition Dying from cancer: Could your location determine your fate? POLITICS UPDATED Critics blast proposed changes to cash-for-access rules Kevin O'Leary campaign says it raised nearly $184,000 in 24 hours Ottawa think tank promised access to PM in exchange for sponsorship SCI-TECH Does it fart? Scientists want to know which animals pass gas NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire Rogue U.S. government tweeters could be prosecuted as hackers Business Doble doble, por favor: Tim Hortons saying hola to Mexico Beware third-party passport companies: Canadian government Sponsored Preparing for a vacation: How to get from dream to destination AUTOS German prosecutors widen Volkswagen emissions probe Cashing in on connected cars Pruett, 6 others to be inducted in Motorsports Hall of Fame SPORTS Raptors point guard Lowry thrilled to be joining teammate, friend DeRozan again Gretzky, Orr, Lemieux all agree: Gordie Howe was best ever in NHL history Welcome to Hockeywood: NHL All-Stars converge for L.A. party Lifestyle As Year of the Rooster dawns, 'phoenix claws' grace the menu 'Crokicurl' may be 'most Canadian' game ever 'We're so close': California actor, 31, takes in ailing 89-year-old 'bestie' CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Legendary actor John Hurt dead at 77 President Trump orders 'extreme vetting' of immigrants Torrential downpour sparks flooding, sweeps away hotel In Pictures   Celebrating Chinese New Year Homes of the Month: $500K across Canada In Photos: Ice storm hits New Brunswick Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Dow industrial average breaks 20,000 milestone By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Jan 25 2017 11:51AM    •    Last Updated Jan 25 2017 02:28 pm A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (6) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher in late-afternoon trading. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial and industrial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 150 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,062 as of 1:30 p.m. Mountain time. The S&P 500 index rose 17 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,297. The Nasdaq added 50 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,651. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7 or 4.4 percent, to $167.55. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 6 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn't stand trial. Honor Code dispute could move Air Force ROTC off BYU campus Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Mysterious fund pays for League of Cities-sponsored stories in Deseret News ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney American Airlines eliminating in-seat screens on new jets by Jon Ostrower   @jonostrower January 25, 2017: 3:23 PM ET Delta has healthier food. But does it taste good? American Airlines says it dropping seat-back screens from its in-flight entertainment on its 100 new Boeing 737 Max jets because most passengers carry their own screens. In a statement Tuesday, American Airlines (AAL) said 90% of its passengers bring their own devices aboard. American contends that smartphones, tablets or laptops do a better job than the airline's individual screens. The new single aisle 737 Max will debut on American Airlines routes later in 2017. As the new planes start arriving, the Fort Worth, Texas-based airline is adding satellite-based high-speed internet connectivity to its planes from Gogo (GOGO) and Via Sat (VSAT), a major upgrade from its existing sluggish air-to-ground cellular network. The broadband connection will enable video streaming from services like Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) and Amazon (AMZN, Tech30). "It makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seatback monitors that will be obsolete within a few years," the company said in a statement. Related: American introduces basic economy fare United Airlines (UAL) is also skipping the screens on its single-aisle jets in favor of a wi-fi connection. While American will charge for streaming and internet surfing, it will move its live TV channels and stored TV episode and movie libraries from the seat back screen to an on-board streaming server to access much of the same content to your device. American uses the workhorse 737 on routes all over the U.S. The 737 Max promises 14% better fuel efficiency over Boeing's jets today and removing the screens, wiring and power boxes from around 160 seats means less weight and lower fuel consumption. American plans to keep the screens on its current-generation 737s which are still streaming out of Boeing's factory and the Airbus A321s it uses on the competitive routes connecting New York to Los Angeles and San Francisco. The airline will also keep the screens for its twin-aisle Boeing 777s, 787s, Airbus A330s, and A350s, its biggest and longest-range airplanes that operate the vast majority of its international flights. Related: Top exec out at American Airlines is new president at United The move by American is the latest in the ascent of high-speed internet as an on-board amenity as airlines race to duplicate the living room experience in the sky. JetBlue Airways (JBLU) said earlier this month its entire fleet was outfitted for free high-speed internet access for flights over the continental U.S., and Alaska Airlines (ALK) said it now offers free access to its wi-fi for Apple iMessage, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp users. Delta Air Lines (DAL), too, is adding high-speed internet connections on board, but has kept its seat back screens on its new deliveries of single-aisle aircraft like its 737 and Airbus A321s and other aircraft that fly longer domestic routes. CNNMoney (Seattle) First published January 25, 2017: 3:23 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Dow Closes Above 20,000 Amid Broad Based Strength - U.S. Commentary 1/25/2017 4:19 PM ET Stocks showed a notable upward move during trading on Wednesday, adding to the gains posted in the previous session. With the continued strength, the Dow climbed above 20,000 for the first time, while the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 also reached new record closing highs. The major averages closed firmly in positive territory, just off their highs of the session. The Dow climbed 155.80 points or 0.8 percent to 20,068.51, the Nasdaq jumped 55.38 points or 1 percent to 5,656.34 and the S&P 500 advanced 18.30 points or 0.8 percent to 2,298.37. The strength on Wall Street came as stocks continued to benefit from optimism about U.S. economic growth under new President Donald Trump. Trump has signed several executive orders designed to boost the economy, including orders reviving the controversial Keystone XL and Dakota pipeline projects. The president signed an order today directing federal funds to be used to begin construction of a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico, although he has repeatedly claimed Mexico will reimburse U.S. taxpayers. Buying interest was also generated in reaction to earnings news from companies such as aerospace giant Boeing (BA). Boeing advanced by 4.2 percent after reporting fourth quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Chip maker Texas Instruments (TXN) also posted a notable gain after reporting fourth quarter earnings and revenues that rose year-over-year and best analyst estimates. Meanwhile, shares of Alcoa (AA) moved to the downside after the aluminum producer reported fourth quarter earnings that came in below expectations despite better than expected revenues. Sector News Computer hardware stocks showed a substantial move to the upside on the day, driving the NYSE Arca Computer Hardware Index up by 3.7 percent. With the jump, the index reached its best closing level in almost two years. Hard disk maker Seagate Technology (STX) led the hardware sector higher, spiking by 14 percent after reporting better than expected second quarter results. Significant strength was also visible among railroad stocks, as reflected by the 2.2 percent gain posted by the Dow Jones Railroads Index. The index also reached its best closing level in almost two years. Banking, housing, oil service, and telecom stocks also saw considerable strength on the day, moving higher along with most of the other major sectors. On the other hand, gold stocks bucked the uptrend, resulting in a 1.7 percent drop by the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index. The weakness in the sector came as gold for February delivery fell $13 to $1,197.80 an ounce. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region moved mostly higher during trading on Wednesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index jumped by 1.4 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose by 0.4 percent. The major European markets also moved to the upside on the day. While the German DAX Index surged up by 1.8 percent, the French CAC 40 Index advanced by 1 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index edged up by 0.2 percent. In the bond market, treasuries moved steadily lower over the course of the trading session. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, climbed by 5.2 basis points to 2.523 percent. Looking Ahead Trading on Thursday may be impacted by reaction to reports on weekly jobless claims, new home sales, and leading economic indicators. On the earnings front, AT&T (T), eBay (EBAY), Qualcomm (QCOM), and Western Digital (WDC) are among the companies releasing their quarterly results after the close of today's trading. Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), Caterpillar (CAT), Comcast (CMCSA), Dow Chemical (DOW), Ford (F), and Southwest Airlines (LUV) are also due to report their results before the start of trading on Thursday. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Stocks Continue To Lack Direction In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Lower On Bank Weakness Stocks Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Turn In Another Lackluster Performance - U.S. Commentary Wall Street May Open Broadly Higher Sensex, Nifty Extend Gains For Fourth Day European Shares Drift Lower Amid Mixed Earnings Reports Asian Shares Mostly Higher In Thin Holiday Trade European Stocks Set To Open Mixed Amid Lack Of Triggers Sensex Up 170 Points In Early Trade; Nifty At 8649 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower On Mixed Global Cues Thai Market Likely To See Resistance At 1600 Little Movement Expected For Indonesia Shares <<Previous        63 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MONEY The Dow Hits 20,000 for the First Time Ever Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies bolstered the Dow Wednesday. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq are also on track to set record highs. Alex Veiga, Associated Press WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. "It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher." The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds -; even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 -; and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 percent, to $167.36. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 percent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 percent after the defense contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. --AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. Published on: Jan 25, 2017 Advertisement
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 30° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly clear. Tonight A few passing clouds. Low 28F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 6 The Associated Press A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Richard Newman, center, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Trader Gregory Rowe wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialists Dilip Patel, left, and Patrick Murphy work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Dow Jones closes above 20,000 points for the first time By Jim Gallagher • St. Louis Post-Dispatch Jim Gallagher Jan 25, 2017 (…) The Associated Press A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Richard Newman, center, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Trader Gregory Rowe wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialists Dilip Patel, left, and Patrick Murphy work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Dow Jones industrial average leaped across the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, propelled by good news on earnings and faith in President Donald Trump. The market pierced the record mark as Trump spent his first days in office clearing the way for two oil pipelines, taking steps to cut regulation and cracking down on illegal immigration. Solid earnings from Boeing and other big companies added to investors’ glee as they sent the Dow up 155.80 points to 20,068.51, a 0.8 percent gain. “The big driving factor is Trump, and animal spirits,” said David Ott, chief investment officer at Acropolis Investment Management in Chesterfield. “He’s doing his stuff. More uncertainty is being taken out of the market,” said analyst Juli Niemann of Smith Moore & Company in Clayton. “He’s saying the right things.” U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. The S&P 500 rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. The small-company Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. “It’s a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number,” said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “It’s really symbolic of what’s going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that’s going to drive stock prices higher.” The Dow has gained nearly 10 percent since Trump’s election. The rally began after election day, then stalled out last week before taking its climb Wednesday. The market rose as Trump on Wednesday signed two orders potentially less friendly to business — one that would build a wall on the Mexican border, and another cracking down on undocumented immigrants already in the U.S. But investors are focusing on Trump’s other promises — lower taxes, more government spending and less regulation — which may lead to higher company profits. They are paying less attention to his threats to tax imports from Mexico and China, perhaps sparking a trade war. “His cabinet picks have lent some calm to the market,” said Ray Saleeby, money manager at Saleeby and Associates in Creve Coeur. Goldman Sachs veteran Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary and billionaire businessman Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary show that Trump appointees will understand business, Saleeby said. Trump marked the moment with a tweet from the official account of the office: “Great!#Dow20K.” The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the Nov. 8 election. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Who's hired? Check our People in Business Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis “Whether it’s tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” That trepidation has caused investors to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even for about 7 years through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain’s departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. Reuters and The Associated Press contributed. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow 20,000? Whoop. De. Doo. But to anybody who's serious about finance, the prospect of Dow 20K is strictly yawnsville. ABOUT THE DOW JONES Below is a list of facts about the index on its climb to the historic 20,000 level: The Dow Jones industrial average was created by Charles Dow and launched in 1896. It was designed to cover all industries, with the exception of transportation and utilities. At its inception, the Dow consisted of only 12 "smokestack" companies — suppliers of consumer goods and basic materials such as American Sugar and National Lead. It expanded to 20 components on Oct. 4, 1916. Since Oct. 1, 1928, it has comprised 30 U.S. "blue-chip" companies. One of the original 12 components of the Dow was St. Louis-based Laclede Gas, but the utility was dropped in 1899. International Shoe Co., another St. Louis-based manufacturer, was in the Dow briefly, from 1932 to 1933. Tobacco manufacturer Liggett & Myers, which was based in St. Louis in the early 20th century, also was briefly in the Dow, from 1930 until 1932. General Electric Co. is the only current component that was one of the original 12 in the index. The industrial conglomerate was removed twice, in 1898 and 1901, but returned to the index each time in subsequent changes. Apple Inc. was the most recent addition to the index, replacing AT&T Inc. on March 19, 2015. Apple is the largest company in the index, with a market capitalization of more than $638 billion. Travelers Cos. Inc. is the smallest, at about $33 billion. The biggest daily point gain for the index was Oct. 13, 2008 — less than a month after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy protection — when the Dow rose 936.42 points. The biggest one-day percentage gain was 15.34 percent on March 15, 1933, in the midst of the Great Depression. The biggest point decline for the index was a drop of 777.68 on Sept. 29, 2008. On a percentage basis, the worst day for the Dow was Oct. 19, 1987, also known as "Black Monday," when it fell 22.61 percent (508.32 points). It has taken only 42 market sessions for the index to climb the next 1,000 points from the first close above 19,000, the second-fastest rise between 1,000-point milestones in the Dow's 120-year history. The quickest pace was the 24 trading days between 10,000 and 11,000 in 1999. The longest stretch between such milestones was the 3,630 days needed for the index to close above the 2,000 barrier on Jan. 8, 1987. Sources: S&P Dow Jones Indices, Thomson Reuters 1,000-POINT MILESTONES The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time Wednesday, two months after its first close above 19,000. Here are other times the Dow first closed above other 1,000-point milestones. 1,000: Nov. 14, 1972 2,000: Jan. 8, 1987 3,000: April 17, 1991 4,000: Feb. 23, 1995 5,000: Nov. 21, 1995 6,000: Oct. 14, 1996 7,000: Feb. 13, 1997 8,000: July 16, 1997 9,000: April 6, 1998 10,000: Mar. 29, 1999 11,000: May 3, 1999 12,000: Oct. 19, 2006 13,000: April 25, 2007 14,000: July 19, 2007 15,000: May 7, 2013 16,000: Nov. 21, 2013 17,000: July 3, 2014 18,000: Dec. 23, 2014 19,000: Nov. 22, 2016 20,000: Jan. 25, 2017 Source: S&P Dow Jones Indices Dow's slow climb from 10,000 to 20,000 It took just 42 sessions for the Dow to climb between 19,000 and 20,000, the second-fastest rise between 1,000-point milestones in the average's 120-year history. But longer-term, the Dow's performance appears less impressive. Its ascent from 10,000 to 20,000, doubling in value, has been sluggish compared to the time it took for the Dow to double in value three times in the late 1980s and 1990s. It's taken nearly 18 years for the average to double after it closed at 10,000 in early 1999 at the height of the dot-com boom. Source: Reuters Dow close Month Years between doubling 625 April 1959 30 1,250 September 1983 24 2,500 July 1987 4 5,000 November 1995 8 10,000 March 1999 3 20,000 January 2017 18 Tags Dow Jones Economics Bank Accounting Stock Market Finance Jim Gallagher Follow Jim Gallagher Close Get email notifications on Jim Gallagher daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jim Gallagher posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jim Gallagher Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Amazon to begin charging sales tax in Missouri Animal shelter no longer welcome at Chesterfield Mall Nicklaus: Right-to-work won't magically create jobs in Missouri Canada to Mexico on NAFTA: You might be on your own St. Louis board approves mosque development in historic district — with no wall Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section St. Louis bolsters ties to Israeli startups with new Ameren tech partnership St. Louis Fed launches new forecasting game Post-Dispatch offers buyouts to employees Mallinckrodt completes sale of nuclear imaging business Art Museum promotes curator of Egyptian collection Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces We have the most in-depth local news coverage Find the dream job you are looking for Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Dow blows through 20,000 milestone The Associated Press | Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, 3:42 p.m. REUTERS A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY REUTERS Traders celebrate on the main trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY REUTERS A display on the main trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shows the Dow Jones Industrial Average over the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid REUTERS A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Specialists Dilip Patel, left, and Patrick Murphy work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) REUTERS A trader wears a Dow 20,000 hat on the main trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid REUTERS A display on the main trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shows the Dow Jones Industrial Average over the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid REUTERS A trader wears a Dow 20,000 hat as he works on the main trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly before the opening bell of the trading session in New York, U.S., January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. “It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number,” said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. “It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher.” The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as president. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. “Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 percent, to $167.36. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 percent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 percent after the defense contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. More Business Labor secretary nominee's company outsourced jobs In unprecedented move, pension plan cuts benefits cuts for retirees 'Megaload' settlement bans new big shipments on Idaho road Union numbers down 40% in Wis. W.Va. governor says his companies will pay big fines TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Bed linens filled with mold blamed for deadly crisis in UPMC report Steelers notebook: Report: League will look into Bell injury reporting Slaying of Ben Avon teen latest tragedy to strike family Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Flathead Beacon Kalispell 13°F -10°C Clear Sky FOLLOW Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Tumblr RSS Feed SECTIONS News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events Marketplace Prev Next Dow Hits 20,000 Mark for the First Time Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold By Associated Press // Jan 25, 2017 // AP Story, Latest Headlines, News & Features Share Share Tweet Print Email The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. “It’s a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number,” said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “It’s really symbolic of what’s going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that’s going to drive stock prices higher.” The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday’s rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. “Whether it’s tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain’s departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 percent, to $167.36. Seagate’s latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 percent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker’s shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 percent after the defense contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany’s DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Show Comments (3) Rhett the Butler 7,950 when he was sworn in. Thanks, Obama NoLib LOL.. Fast Hey Buba’s 😴😴😴 Don’t stay at THE party too long 😳 Profit taking soon😦 Goldman Sach’s is betting against U 😱 Share Share Tweet Print Email Prev Next More From The Beacon EPA Lifts Temporary Freeze on Grants to States Sharing Montana’s Many Voices Flathead Man Convicted of Oregon Murder Charged with Threatening Officers, Tampering Editor's Pick The End of Obamacare? View Story Pond Hockey Classic Photo Gallery More Tweets from https://twitter.com/FlatheadBeacon/flathead-beacon News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events About Us Marketplace Advertise Subscribe Advertiser Tear Sheets Email & RSS Feeds Contact Us © 2017 Flathead Beacon, All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is subject to the Flathead Beacon's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Flathead Beacon 17 Main Street Kalispell Montana 59901 USA (406) 257-9220
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories RISE teams with Michigan athletic group to work together to address racism 105.1 The Bounce adds two Detroit natives to on-air talent For semi-pro soccer club, grass is greener in Royal Oak Access restored after computer outage halts Secretary of State transactions New Center redevelopment to house artists, new restaurant, Wilson foundation HQ Wayne County to issue RFP Feb. 10 to move forward with jail project Trump includes Dow, Ford, Whirlpool CEOs on Manufacturing Jobs Council Lawrence Tech makes business case for return to football Business events in February: Networking, classes and awards events Business trip to innovation hot spot Israel couldn't come at a better time Special Report Healthy choices in the hospital × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Chad Livengood Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kirk Pinho - Real estate Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups City Moments Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries January 25, 2017 2:07 p.m. Updated Dow closes above 20,000 for first time By Alex Veiga Associated Press Comments Email Print Investing The Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, surged 155 points, or 0.8 percent, to close at 20,068 at 4 p.m. Wednesday. Banks and other financial companies posted the biggest gains. Wells Fargo jumped 3.7 percent. Industrial companies also rose sharply. Boeing surged 4.2 percent, the biggest gain in the Dow. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298. The Nasdaq composite rose 55 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.52 percent. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall.   The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether its tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis, Brexit and U.S. presidential election of last fall would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE January 22, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 26°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 26°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Dow hits 20,000 following solid open for US stocks KEEPING SCORE: The Dow gained 162 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,075 as of 11:04 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,296. The Nasdaq composite index added 47 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,648. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq each closed at record highs on Tuesday. BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: January 25, 2017 1:58 pm Follow @AuroraSentinel The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The other major U.S. stock indexes were also moving higher in morning trading, led by banks and other financial companies. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies drove the rally, extending gains from the day before. A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) KEEPING SCORE: The Dow gained 162 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,075 as of 11:04 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,296. The Nasdaq composite index added 47 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,648. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq each closed at record highs on Tuesday. DOW MILESTONE: The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. THE QUOTE: “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” FLYING HIGH: Boeing rose 4.1 percent after the aircraft manufacturer beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business. The stock was the biggest gainer in the Dow, rising $6.63 to $167.18. REMEMBER THIS: Seagate jumped 20.8 percent after the data storage company posted fiscal second-quarter revenue that exceeded financial analysts’ forecasts. The stock was up the most among companies in the S&P 500, adding $7.78 to $45.22. STRONG RESULTS: Rockwell Automation climbed 7.5 percent after the company reported strong quarterly earnings. The stock picked up $10.60 to $152.63. SOLID QUARTER: Logitech vaulted 15.1 percent after the computer gaming and accessories maker’s latest earnings beat Wall Street’s expectations. Its shares added $3.80 to $28.90. ROUGH ROAD: Textron slumped 9.9 percent after the defense contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.89 to $44.50. FALLING SHORT: Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.3 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 74 cents to $16.28. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany’s DAX was up 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France was 1.2 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.4 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. ENERGY: Oil prices were little changed. Benchmark U.S. crude was essentially unchanged from the day before at $53.20 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 9 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $55.33 a barrel in London. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.50 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 113.62 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0736 from $1.0723. Tags: ap Top Videos ‘Get up. We’ve got to get out’: Storms kill 20 in the South — VIDEO CLIPS, GALLERY TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute MONDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute Police: Beating on video began after friendly encounter — VIDEO CLIPS OF COPS View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
Temp: 56° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Deputy accused of stealing money | 'Ad Astra Per Aspera' exhibit | Rolex 24 COLD SNAP ON THE WAY: Get the News 13+ app for hour-by-hour temperature conditions BIG EVENTS THIS WEEKEND: Manatee Festival | Zora! Festival of the Arts | NFL Pro Bowl Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone By ALEX VEIGA, Last Updated: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 --  (AP) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher in late-afternoon trading. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial and industrial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 150 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,062 as of 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The S&P 500 index rose 17 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,297. The Nasdaq added 50 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,651. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7 or 4.4 percent, to $167.55. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14.8 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.56 to $43. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.55, or 7.4 percent, to $152.58, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 6.9 percent after the defense contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $3.41 to $45.98. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.2 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 54 cents to $16.48. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.53 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. ___ AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney American Airlines eliminating in-seat screens on new jets by Jon Ostrower   @jonostrower January 25, 2017: 3:23 PM ET Delta has healthier food. But does it taste good? American Airlines says it dropping seat-back screens from its in-flight entertainment on its 100 new Boeing 737 Max jets because most passengers carry their own screens. In a statement Tuesday, American Airlines (AAL) said 90% of its passengers bring their own devices aboard. American contends that smartphones, tablets or laptops do a better job than the airline's individual screens. The new single aisle 737 Max will debut on American Airlines routes later in 2017. As the new planes start arriving, the Fort Worth, Texas-based airline is adding satellite-based high-speed internet connectivity to its planes from Gogo (GOGO) and Via Sat (VSAT), a major upgrade from its existing sluggish air-to-ground cellular network. The broadband connection will enable video streaming from services like Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) and Amazon (AMZN, Tech30). "It makes sense for American to focus on giving customers the best entertainment and fast connection options rather than installing seatback monitors that will be obsolete within a few years," the company said in a statement. Related: American introduces basic economy fare United Airlines (UAL) is also skipping the screens on its single-aisle jets in favor of a wi-fi connection. While American will charge for streaming and internet surfing, it will move its live TV channels and stored TV episode and movie libraries from the seat back screen to an on-board streaming server to access much of the same content to your device. American uses the workhorse 737 on routes all over the U.S. The 737 Max promises 14% better fuel efficiency over Boeing's jets today and removing the screens, wiring and power boxes from around 160 seats means less weight and lower fuel consumption. American plans to keep the screens on its current-generation 737s which are still streaming out of Boeing's factory and the Airbus A321s it uses on the competitive routes connecting New York to Los Angeles and San Francisco. The airline will also keep the screens for its twin-aisle Boeing 777s, 787s, Airbus A330s, and A350s, its biggest and longest-range airplanes that operate the vast majority of its international flights. Related: Top exec out at American Airlines is new president at United The move by American is the latest in the ascent of high-speed internet as an on-board amenity as airlines race to duplicate the living room experience in the sky. JetBlue Airways (JBLU) said earlier this month its entire fleet was outfitted for free high-speed internet access for flights over the continental U.S., and Alaska Airlines (ALK) said it now offers free access to its wi-fi for Apple iMessage, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp users. Delta Air Lines (DAL), too, is adding high-speed internet connections on board, but has kept its seat back screens on its new deliveries of single-aisle aircraft like its 737 and Airbus A321s and other aircraft that fly longer domestic routes. CNNMoney (Seattle) First published January 25, 2017: 3:23 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Dow hits 20,000 as Trump and earnings fuel rally Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 25, 2017 | 3:04pm EST CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Dow hits 20,000 as Trump and earnings fuel rally (Corrects paragraph 12 to show year of fastest interval between 1,000 point milestones was in 1999; the year was missing in earlier version) * S&P and Nasdaq also hit record highs * Boeing hits record high, gives biggest boost to Dow * Financials biggest gainer among major S&P sectors * Indexes up: Dow 0.77 pct, S&P 0.67 pct, Nasdaq 0.81 pct By Yashaswini Swamynathan, Rodrigo Campos and Chuck Mikolajczak Jan 25 The Dow Jones Industrial Average extended gains in late morning trading after hitting 20,000 for the first time on Wednesday as strong earnings and President Donald Trump's pro-growth comments and initiatives reignited a post-election rally. Trump has taken several business-friendly decisions since taking office on Friday, including signing executive orders to clear the way for the construction of two oil pipelines. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite indexes also hit record intraday highs, amid gains across sectors. The Dow came within a point of the historic mark on Jan. 6, as investors banked on pro-growth policies and tax cuts many expect from the new administration. However, the index had struggled in recent weeks as investors grew cautious as they looked for clarity on the new administration's policies. "It's a milestone," said Thomas Roth, head of U.S. Treasury trading at MUFG Securities in New York. "It reflects the belief that the pledged tax cuts, deregulation and other fiscal stimulus is going to be more business friendly and grow profits." Trump tweeted "Great!#Dow20K". Sentiment has also been helped by better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings. Of the 104 S&P 500 companies that have reported earnings so far, nearly 70 percent have beaten expectations, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "Earnings (growth) hasn't been bad and there is some surprise to the upside too," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. If the Dow remains above 20,000 by closing time, the 42-session surge from the first close above 19,000 would mark the second-shortest length of time between such milestones. The most rapid rise was between 10,00 and 11,000 from March 29 to May 3, 1999 which took 24 days. The rise from 18,000 to 19,000 took the Dow 483 trading sessions. The surge since Nov. 22, when the index closed above 19,000 for the first time, has been spearheaded by financial stocks - with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan accounting for about 20 percent of the gain. On Wednesday, Boeing rose 4 percent after its earnings and IBM gained 1.7 percent, helping to push the index over the top. Goldman rose 0.9 percent. At 11:03 a.m. ET (1603 GMT), the Dow was up 153.51 points, or 0.77 percent, at 20,066.22. Of its 30 components, only five stocks were lower. The S&P 500 was up 15.27 points, or 0.67 percent, at 2,295.34 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 45.47 points, or 0.81 percent, at 5,646.42. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by a 1.05 percent rise in financials. Utilities, real estate and telecom services - defensive parts of the market - were the outliers. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,918 to 903. On the Nasdaq, 1,923 issues rose and 737 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 74 new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 158 new highs and nine new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Next In Market News FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON, Jan 27 The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. BRIEF-Snap to publicly file for its IPO late next week- Recode * Snap to publicly file for its much-anticipated IPO late next week- Recode, citing sources Source http://bit.ly/2jnSVXJ MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Dow hits 20,000 as earnings, Trump rekindle rally Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 25, 2017 | 3:05pm EST CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Dow hits 20,000 as earnings, Trump rekindle rally (Corrects paragraph 13 to show year of fastest interval between 1,000 point milestones was 1999; the year was missing in earlier version) * S&P and Nasdaq also hit record intraday highs * Boeing hits record high, gives biggest boost to Dow * Financials top gainers among major S&P sectors * Indexes up: Dow 0.74 pct, S&P 0.66 pct, Nasdaq 0.78 pct By Yashaswini Swamynathan, Rodrigo Campos and Chuck Mikolajczak Jan 25 The Dow Jones Industrial Average marched higher after hitting 20,000 for the first time on Wednesday as strong earnings and President Donald Trump's pro-growth initiatives reignited a post-election rally. Trump has made several business-friendly decisions since taking office on Friday, including signing executive orders to reduce regulatory burden on domestic manufacturers and clearing the way for the construction of two oil pipelines. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite indexes also hit record highs. The Dow came within a point of the historic mark on Jan. 6, as investors banked on pro-growth policies and tax cuts many expect from the new administration. However, the index had struggled in recent weeks as investors grew cautious as they looked for clarity on the new administration's policies. "Trump has a majority of both houses, so the likelihood of things getting done quicker than they usually do is higher," said Mark Spellman, portfolio manager at Alpine Funds. "He can fast-track a lot of policies which is typically not the case." Trump, a real estate mogul and a former reality television star, marked the moment with a tweet: "Great!#Dow20K". Sentiment was also lifted by better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings. Of the 104 S&P 500 companies that have reported results so far, nearly 70 percent have beaten earnings expectations, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Fourth-quarter earnings will likely show growth of 6 percent, markedly better than any quarter over the last year or so, said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank in Cleveland. "So the fundamentals are clearly improving," he said. If the Dow remains above 20,000 by closing time, the 42-session surge from the first close above 19,000 would mark the second-shortest length of time between such milestones. The most rapid rise was between 10,000 and 11,000 from March 29 to May 3, 1999 which took 24 days. The rise from 18,000 to 19,000 took the Dow 483 trading sessions. The surge since Nov. 22, when the index closed above 19,000 for the first time, has been spearheaded by financial stocks - with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan accounting for about 20 percent of the gain. On Wednesday, Boeing hit a record high of $168.18 on strong earnings, giving the Dow its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs was the second biggest influence on the index, with a 1 percent gain. At 12:59 p.m. ET (1759 GMT), the Dow was up 148.2 points, or 0.74 percent, at 20,060.91 - on track for its best day since Dec. 7. The S&P 500 was up 15.08 points, or 0.66 percent, at 2,295.15 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 43.53 points, or 0.78 percent, at 5,644.49. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by a 1.33 percent rise in financials. Real estate and telecom services - defensive parts of the market - were the outliers. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,847 to 1,034. On the Nasdaq, 1,894 issues rose and 891 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 76 new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 174 new highs and 10 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan; additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Next In Market News CORRECTED-Snapchat to reveal financials within a week - sources Jan 27 Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. UPDATE 1-Boeing machinists in S. Carolina to vote in February on unionizing SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Posted: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 10:11 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 11:31 PM EST (AP Photo/Richard Drew). A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest mileston... (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File). FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. Global shares rose strongly Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, building on Wall Street's overnight rally and hopes th... NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:02 PM EST2017-01-28 02:02:45 GMT Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson became ill and waivered on his feet during a news conference Friday morningMore >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he is on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition he has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >> Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:12 PM EST2017-01-28 01:12:45 GMT A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >> A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >> The Latest: Superintendent says he on kidney transplant list The Latest: Superintendent says he on kidney transplant list Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:32 PM EST2017-01-28 00:32:42 GMT A spokesman says Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson's bout of dizziness is unrelated to a "longstanding kidney issue."More >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >> Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:42 PM EST2017-01-27 23:42:39 GMT A federal judge has again blocked Texas rules mandating burial or cremation of fetal remains, in a victory for abortion-rights groupsMore >> A federal judge has again blocked Texas rules mandating burial or cremation of fetal remains, in a victory for abortion-rights groupsMore >> Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-27 23:32:55 GMT Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner says the state's attorney general might be trying to "cause a crisis" by asking a court to stop paying more than 62,000 government workers while a historic budget stalemate drags onMore >> Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan's request that a judge bar the state from paying 63,000 government employees to get feuding Republicans and Democrats to move on a budget deal was decried Friday by GOP Gov. Bruce RaunerMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars TV listings MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka AP FACT CHECK: New Trump salvo on voter fraud lacks evidence Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Carlton Bragg suspended indefinitely from KU basketball Payne becomes sole owner of Heartland Park Topeka Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured Women’s conference set at LDS Church Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Kevin Haskin: Combination platter abundant as Shocks head into second half of Valley play Mike Hall: A few reader submissions Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted January 25, 2017 09:00 am - Updated January 25, 2017 02:21 pm By Alex Veiga The Associated Press Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone Market has moved steadily higher since March 2009 A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher by afternoon. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 165 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,078 as of 2:26 p.m. Eastern Time. The S&P 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298. The Nasdaq added 52 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,653. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday’s rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. “Whether it’s tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain’s departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7.47, or 4.7 percent, to $168.03. Seagate’s latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 16.9 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $6.31 to $43.75. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $11.06, or 7.8 percent, to $153.09, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker’s shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 8 percent after the defense contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $3.93 to $45.45. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.5 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 77 cents to $16.25. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany’s DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Oil prices edged lower. Benchmark U.S. crude was down 45 cents to $52.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 44 cents at $55 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.53 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.82 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro held steady at $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. Advertisement Most Popular News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 20:15 Hayden High School community mourns death of 16-year-old student Sports Fri, 01/27/2017 - 17:37 KU police have suspect in drug paraphernalia case from McCarthy Hall rape investigation News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 16:53 Deputy treated, released after being struck by vehicle fleeing traffic stop in central Topeka; 2 arrested News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 21:20 KHP: Semi driver suffers possibly life-threatening injuries after semi rollover in North Topeka   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Fri, 01/27/2017 - 21:16 Hours long standoff in East Topeka ends after police deploy gas into house Fri, 01/27/2017 - 18:30 Individual driving stolen car on Wednesday a minor, Topeka police say Topeka police say they know who was driving a stolen SUV Wednesday and that the individual is a minor. Read more Fri, 01/27/2017 - 18:14 Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka Fri, 01/27/2017 - 17:49 Kansas health officials: Flu spreading across state Kansas health officials say the flu is spreading across the state. Read more Load more   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 27th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone Poll In light of recent local cases, are there too many delays in the judicial process? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 25, 2017. A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher by afternoon. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 165 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,078 as of 2:26 p.m. Eastern Time. The S&P 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,298. The Nasdaq added 52 points, or 0.9 per cent, to 5,653. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday’s rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. “Whether it’s tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 per cent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds – even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 – and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain’s departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 per cent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7.47, or 4.7 per cent, to $168.03. Seagate’s latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 16.9 per cent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $6.31 to $43.75. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $11.06, or 7.8 per cent, to $153.09, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 per cent. The computer gaming and accessories maker’s shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 8 per cent after the defence contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $3.93 to $45.45. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.5 per cent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 77 cents to $16.25. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany’s DAX rose 1.8 per cent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 per cent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 per cent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 per cent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 per cent. Oil prices edged lower. Benchmark U.S. crude was down 45 cents to $52.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 44 cents at $55 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.53 per cent from 2.47 per cent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.82 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro held steady at $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 per cent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. ___ AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: January 28, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Football Rugby Union Tennis AFL NRL Golf Cycling Motorsport Turf & Thoroughbreds The Times Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe Member rewards Email Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories RISE teams with Michigan athletic group to work together to address racism 105.1 The Bounce adds two Detroit natives to on-air talent For semi-pro soccer club, grass is greener in Royal Oak Access restored after computer outage halts Secretary of State transactions New Center redevelopment to house artists, new restaurant, Wilson foundation HQ Wayne County to issue RFP Feb. 10 to move forward with jail project Trump includes Dow, Ford, Whirlpool CEOs on Manufacturing Jobs Council Lawrence Tech makes business case for return to football Business events in February: Networking, classes and awards events Business trip to innovation hot spot Israel couldn't come at a better time Special Report Healthy choices in the hospital × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Chad Livengood Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kirk Pinho - Real estate Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups City Moments Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries January 25, 2017 2:07 p.m. Updated Dow closes above 20,000 for first time By Alex Veiga Associated Press Comments Email Print Investing The Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, surged 155 points, or 0.8 percent, to close at 20,068 at 4 p.m. Wednesday. Banks and other financial companies posted the biggest gains. Wells Fargo jumped 3.7 percent. Industrial companies also rose sharply. Boeing surged 4.2 percent, the biggest gain in the Dow. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298. The Nasdaq composite rose 55 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.52 percent. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall.   The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether its tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis, Brexit and U.S. presidential election of last fall would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE January 22, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Boeing Profit Gets Boost as 787 Goes From Drag to Rainmaker Boeing Profit Gets Boost as 787 Goes From Drag to Rainmaker Jan 25, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 The world’s largest planemaker is counting on its marquee carbon-fiber jet and higher output of its single-aisle 737 to bolster results during a year when it will make fewer 777 wide-body aircraft. Stephen Brashear, Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co. profit rose as the 787 Dreamliner emerged from a decade of losses and helped the company weather a turbulent market for wide-body jetliners. The world’s largest planemaker is counting on its marquee carbon-fiber jet and higher output of its single-aisle 737, a workhorse with discount airlines, to bolster results this year. Boeing forecast higher cash and earnings per share, while predicting a sales decline as it makes fewer 777 wide-body aircraft. Investors, focused on Boeing’s potential cash bounty, responded favorably. The shares rose 1.5% to $163.02 Wednesday morning, before the start of regular trading. Boeing climbed 29% during the 12 months ending Tuesday outpacing the 21% gain for the S&P 500 Index. The Chicago-based company has pledged to return 100% of cash flow to investors, repurchasing shares and bolstering its dividend as a near-record order backlog shelters the manufacturer from market shocks. Boeing is counting on improving Dreamliner profitability, resurgent defense spending and a new family of 737 narrow-body jets to counteract rising trade tensions with China and a glut of older twin-aisle planes. Popular Now Japan Manufacturers in Post-Tsunami Rethink 5 Ways to Develop a More Efficient Factory Lessons in Lean Training “We think this release is pretty boring — and boring is good,” Robert Stallard, an analyst with Vertical Research Partners, said in a report to clients. That’s a relief compared with a Boeing report a year ago, when the company caught investors off-guard with a forecast of fewer 737 deliveries. Still, revenue will fall to a range of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion this year, Boeing said, as the company slows production of the 777 this month and in the third quarter because of an order shortfall. Analysts had expected annual sales of $93 billion. While the cuts will mean fewer deliveries of one of Boeing’s main profit drivers, total shipments will rise as Boeing cranks up production of the 737, its main source of profit. Boeing expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial airplanes, an increase from last year’s 748. Operating cash flow will be about $10.8 billion, up from the $10.5 billion generated in 2016. Earnings adjusted for pension expenses will probably be $9.10 to $9.30 a share this year, compared with the $9.24 predicted by analysts. To keep its cash machine humming, Boeing is counting on a smooth debut for the upgraded 737 Max while it speeds output by 12% at its narrow-body factory in Renton, Washington, to a record 47 jets a month. Boeing also benefited as deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell $215 million to $27.3 billion, according to the company’s website. The planemaker reached the crossover point last year where unit costs for the cutting-edge jetliner finally fell below its sales price. Since then, the balance of deferred costs has started to shrink with each 787 that rolls out of Boeing’s factories. The jetliner is the first built of spun carbon-fiber composites rather than aluminum and entered commercial service in 2011, more than three years late following a series of production and supply-chain breakdowns. Fourth-quarter earnings adjusted for pension expenses were $2.47 a share, despite a $312 million accounting loss for an aerial tanker program, the company said Wednesday in a statement. That was 15 cents more than analyst had expected. Revenue fell 1.2% to $23.3 billion, compared with analysts’ projection of $23.1 billion. Free cash flow was $2.23 billion, while analysts had expected $2.02 billion. For more financial reporting news and notes, check out the IW Daily Newsletter, delivered to your inbox every weekday morning Boeing’s commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $1.47 billion, more than double its result from a year earlier. Results were weighed down by a $243 million pretax accounting charge for the KC-46 aerial tanker, which is based on a commercial 767 jetliner frame. The tanker was knocked off schedule by technical and design issues. The airplane division’s operating margin rose to 9.1% from 3.5%. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg has stressed cost cutting and set a goal of profit margins in the mid-double-digits for the company’s businesses by the end of the decade. Boeing’s defense business earned $809 million from operations, compared with $963 million a year earlier, as it absorbed $69 million of the tanker-related charge. The division’s operating margin declined to 11.8% from 12.4%.  An expected rise in defense spending under President Donald Trump could bring new growth to the defense business, helping dull the blow from slowing commercial jet sales. “We’re waiting to hear if there is an opportunity with this new administration for more F/A-18 fighters, P-8 surveillance aircraft and KC-46 tankers,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. By Julie Johnsson Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 avanbodegraven on Jan 26, 2017 OK, this development shows how difficult it is for ordinary citizens to interpret the writhing throes of corporate distress when mega-corporations are dealing with uncertainty. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Volvo Trucks Profit Dragged Down By New U.S. Pollution Rules Boeing to Shave $1 Billion off 787 Production Costs Midea, Haier Boost Profit as Chinese Adopt Smart Appliances Letters From The Forums: Ford Gets Help from U.S. for Exports Caterpillar Rebounds from Loss; Boosts Outlook THE LATEST The Trump Import Trade Agenda Takes Shape Mattis Orders Review of Lockheed F-35, Boeing Air Force One Moving From Dumb Manufacturing to Smart: Catching the Fourth Wave Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Chevron’s First Loss in Decades Signals Hard Time for Giants Digital Manufacturing Gets Its First Open Online Course More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 24, 2017 Article IndustryWeek A Transfer of Power at Atlas Copco Atlas Copco CEO Ronnie Leten will depart from the company shortly. He shares several insights about his departure, change management and what is next....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Apple and the Battle for American Manufacturing Tesla Sues Former Director of Autopilot, Alleging Stolen Secrets Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative The 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World Performance Metrics that Matter: Effective Productivity Measures IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Get Smart: Key considerations for developing smart machines and equipment Attacking Risk at its Roots The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Business Markets Nation & World Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Originally published January 25, 2017 at 7:07 am Updated January 25, 2017 at 8:25 pm The Dow Jones industrial average has crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The other major U.S. stock indexes are also moving higher, led by banks and other financial companies, as investors pore over the latest batch of company earnings and deal news. Share story By YOUKYUNG LEE The Associated Press SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average’s first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST’S TAKE: “Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. “Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience.” WALL STREET: The Dow’s breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Q&A Dow 20,000: What does it mean and where does it go? OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. YOUKYUNG LEE Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1M visits Previous Story Site of last Howard Johnson’s restaurant up for sale Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow closes above 20,000 for first time Margreet Dietz Thursday January 26, 2017 Share Play NBR radio on Wall Street rose, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average above 20,000 for the first time, amid better than expected quarterly earnings and fresh optimism about US President Donald Trump's plans to boost growth. Wall Street gained, along with equities in Europe and Asia. At the close, the Dow traded 155.80 points, or 0.8% higher, at 20,068.51. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 1.0%, also achieving a new high of 5656.34. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index cpmpleted the trifecta with a 0-8% surge to 2298.37. The Dow surged immediately over the 20,000 (Dow20K) milestone as the session started and hit an intraday high of 20,080. This is the second-fastest jump of 1000 points in the Dow's history, the 19,000 mark being passed as recently as November 22. The overall gain since the presidential election is 9%.    "With a swift move towards signing executive orders, coupled with underlying positive economic data, clarity has begun to hit the headlines, and all the US indexes are celebrating," Prudential Financial market strategist Quincy Krosby told Bloomberg. "Clarity is the markets' oxygen." Boeing shares at all-time high Advances in Boeing and Caterpillar shares, up 4.7% and 2.0% respectively, led the gains in the Dow. Boeing shares rose to a record high after the plane maker offered a better than expected outlook for earnings. It forecast operating cash flow to rise to about $US10.75 billion in 2017, up from $US10.5 billion the previous year. "With solid fourth quarter operating performance and a sharp strategic focus, we extended our aerospace market leadership in our centennial year and positioned Boeing for continued growth and success in our second century," chief executive Dennis Muilenburg says. Of the 104 S&P 500 companies that have reported results so far, nearly 70% have surpassed earnings expectations, according to Thomson Reuters. Some remain cautious. "With so much uncertainty over the policy agenda of the incoming Trump administration, and the populist tone of his inauguration speech, we remain sceptical over whether the reality of the reflation story will match investors' expectations," HSBC strategists say. Cisco buys software company In the latest corporate deal, Cisco Systems says it has agreed to buy San Francisco-based AppDynamics, a business software company, for about $US3.7 billion. Cisco shares closed 0.3% higher at $US30.70 after earlier rising as high as $US31.05. AppDynamics was scheduled to price its initial public offering on Wednesday in this year's first major US technology IPO, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Yields on the benchmark 10-year Treasury notes rose to 2.517% from 2.471% on Tuesday, after the biggest daily rise of 2017. Gold fell 1.2% to $US1195.90 an ounce. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 1.3% increase from the previous close, led by a rally in banks and insurers. The UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.2%, France's CAC 40 Index gained 1%, while Germany's DAX Index rallied 1.8%. (BusinessDesk)   Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Sharemarket Dow Jones Industrial Average Boeing Caterpillar Dow20K Related Articles:  Paid content Editor's Insight: Dow's 20,000 milestone fails to excite Wall Street – why? Thu 22 Dec 16 While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow renews run at 20,000 milestone Wed 25 Jan 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7260 0.0000 0.00% AUD 0.9619 0.0000 0.00% EUR 0.6788 0.0000 0.00% GBP 0.5788 0.0000 0.00% HKD 5.6340 0.0000 0.00% JPY 83.4690 0.0000 0.00% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1191.3 2.840 2017-01-27T00: Oil Brent 55.5 -0.740 2017-01-27T00: Oil Nymex 53.2 -0.570 2017-01-27T00: Silver Index 17.1 0.290 2017-01-27T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7113.3 7134.3 7113.3 0.29% NASDAQ 5664.9 5667.4 5655.2 0.10% DAX 11841.7 11844.7 11848.6 -0.29% DJI 20103.4 20116.0 20100.9 -0.04% FTSE 7161.5 7184.7 7161.5 0.32% HKSE 23339.2 23397.1 23374.2 -0.06% NI225 19453.5 19486.7 19402.4 0.34% ASX 5671.5 5714.2 5671.5 0.75% Most Popular Read Hooton: election will be the most vicious and bizarre yet Congressional Republicans want 20% tax on imports from all countries Jones on Everything: The more things change, the more they stay the same UFB2 decision a mixed bag for Chorus Shoeshine: Eric Watson reveals his Naked ambition for Bendon Commented Thiel has been a NZ citizen since 2011: DIA READER POLL RESULT: Was it a good call for Nathan Guy to grant Peter Thiel citizenship? Callaghan appoints panel to help firms leverage their IP TPP? What TPP? Groser thrills over end of 'PC culture' at embassy party Public sector returns to top spot in corruption perception index Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. The Week in Business with Grant Walker and Andrew Patterson Matthew Hooton on why he thinks the election will be so viscious David Cohen on the Bob Jones begging beatup that backfired 'Where is safer than New Zealand right now?’ - Rob Hosking on an astonishingly good economic outlook For political success, set low expectations says Rodney Hide Only available on Previous article Ross Asset liquidators recouped $4m, await McIntosh ruling Next article MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Comvita, Tegel, Port of Tauranga Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow closes above 20,000 for first time
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone By Associated Press Published: 23:25 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 23:25 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail 11 shares SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm displaying NY Dow Jones industrial average, top right, that went up 155.80 to 20,068.51, in Tokyo, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. Japan's Nikkei 225, left, surged 1.4 percent to 19,332.84. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. A screen above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the closing number for the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent to 19,332.84 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,084.45 in the morning. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm displaying Japan's Nikkei 225, left, that surged 1.4 percent to 19,332.84 and NY Dow Jones industrial average that went up 155.80 to 20,068.51, in Tokyo, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Specialist Mario Picone adjusts his Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Share or comment on this article e-mail 11 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Go Red For Women Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Posted: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 10:11 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 11:31 PM EST (AP Photo/Richard Drew). A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest mileston... (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File). FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. Global shares rose strongly Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, building on Wall Street's overnight rally and hopes th... NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More > A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More > A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore > New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore > Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:02 PM EST2017-01-28 02:02:45 GMT Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson became ill and waivered on his feet during a news conference Friday morningMore > Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he is on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition he has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore > Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:12 PM EST2017-01-28 01:12:45 GMT A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore > A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore > The Latest: Superintendent says he on kidney transplant list The Latest: Superintendent says he on kidney transplant list Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:32 PM EST2017-01-28 00:32:42 GMT A spokesman says Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson's bout of dizziness is unrelated to a "longstanding kidney issue."More > Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore > Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:42 PM EST2017-01-27 23:42:39 GMT A federal judge has again blocked Texas rules mandating burial or cremation of fetal remains, in a victory for abortion-rights groupsMore > A federal judge has again blocked Texas rules mandating burial or cremation of fetal remains, in a victory for abortion-rights groupsMore > Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-27 23:32:55 GMT Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner says the state's attorney general might be trying to "cause a crisis" by asking a court to stop paying more than 62,000 government workers while a historic budget stalemate drags onMore > Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan's request that a judge bar the state from paying 63,000 government employees to get feuding Republicans and Democrats to move on a budget deal was decried Friday by GOP Gov. Bruce RaunerMore >    By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Political News: Federal, state, and local coverage Lifestyle TODAY WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS AP College Basketball AP College Football NASCAR VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Posted: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 10:11 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 25, 2017 11:31 PM EST (AP Photo/Richard Drew). A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest mileston... (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File). FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. Global shares rose strongly Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, building on Wall Street's overnight rally and hopes th... NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:02 PM EST2017-01-28 02:02:45 GMT Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson became ill and waivered on his feet during a news conference Friday morningMore >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he is on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition he has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >> Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:12 PM EST2017-01-28 01:12:45 GMT A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >> A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >> The Latest: Superintendent says he on kidney transplant list The Latest: Superintendent says he on kidney transplant list Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:32 PM EST2017-01-28 00:32:42 GMT A spokesman says Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson's bout of dizziness is unrelated to a "longstanding kidney issue."More >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >> Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:42 PM EST2017-01-27 23:42:39 GMT A federal judge has again blocked Texas rules mandating burial or cremation of fetal remains, in a victory for abortion-rights groupsMore >> A federal judge has again blocked Texas rules mandating burial or cremation of fetal remains, in a victory for abortion-rights groupsMore >> Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-27 23:32:55 GMT Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner says the state's attorney general might be trying to "cause a crisis" by asking a court to stop paying more than 62,000 government workers while a historic budget stalemate drags onMore >> Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan's request that a judge bar the state from paying 63,000 government employees to get feuding Republicans and Democrats to move on a budget deal was decried Friday by GOP Gov. Bruce RaunerMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Dow climbs above 20,000 7:59 January 26, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Jan. 26 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street rose, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average above 20,000 for the first time, amid better-than-expected quarterly earnings and fresh optimism about US President Donald Trumps plans to boost growth. While you were sleeping: Dow climbs above 20,000 Jan. 26 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street rose, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average above 20,000 for the first time, amid better-than-expected quarterly earnings and fresh optimism about US President Donald Trump’s plans to boost growth. Wall Street gained, along with equities in Europe and Asia. In 1.22pm trading in New York, the Dow traded 0.8 percent higher, as did the Nasdaq Composite Index. In 1.07pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index gained 0.7 percent. The Dow rose as high as a record 20,082.00 earlier in the session. “With a swift move towards signing executive orders, coupled with underlying positive economic data, clarity has begun to hit the headlines, and all the US indexes are celebrating,” Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, told Bloomberg. “Clarity is the markets’ oxygen.” Advances in shares of Boeing and those of Caterpillar, up 4.8 percent and 2.2 percent respectively, led the gains in the Dow. Shares of Boeing rose to a record high after the plane maker offered a better-than-expected outlook on earnings. It forecast operating cash flow to rise to about US$10.75 billion in 2017, up from US$10.5 billion the previous year. “With solid fourth quarter operating performance and a sharp strategic focus, we extended our aerospace market leadership in our centennial year and positioned Boeing for continued growth and success in our second century,” Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. Of the 104 S&P 500 companies that have reported results so far, nearly 70 percent have surpassed earnings expectations, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Some remain cautious. “With so much uncertainty over the policy agenda of the incoming Trump administration, and the populist tone of his inauguration speech, we remain skeptical over whether the reality of the reflation story will match investors’ expectations,” HSBC strategists wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. In the latest corporate deal, Cisco Systems said it agreed to buy San Francisco-based AppDynamics, a business software company, for about US$3.7 billion. Cisco shares traded 0.4 percent higher at US$30.72 as of 1.29pm in New York after earlier rising as high as US$31.05. AppDynamics was scheduled to price its initial public offering Wednesday in this year’s first major US technology IPO, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 1.3 percent increase from the previous close, led by a rally in banks and insurers. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.2 percent, France’s CAC 40 Index gained 1 percent, while Germany’s DAX Index rallied 1.8 percent. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Comments on US Economic Data Measles alert for Singapore flight passengers Taumarunui, Ohakune and Raetihi in line for UFB Record Infrastructure Investment Drives UK Recruitment Opposition parties feign support for Pike River families MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Vista NZ dollar little changed Tax take and journalism win if merger allowed Liquidators freeze Hansa director’s assets ASX-listed Stream sells NZ insurance claims unit NZ Binxi won’t budge on $2.20 takeover price for Blue Sky Ngā Uruora – Kāpiti Project Successfully Crowdfunds Webcam Summer just doing its thing, says NIWA Region welcomes ultra-fast broadband announcement 12-month deadline for EQ fix Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Following Trump’s lead, Pentagon orders reviews of Air Force One, F-35 fighter jets Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella: How Azure will fend off Amazon Web Services in the enterprise Week in Geek: Microsoft takes on the DOJ, inside Amazon’s giant post-holiday party, and more Pentagon awards $2.1 billion contract to Boeing for more KC-46 tanker aircraft Could Washington state rule the Internet of Things? Maybe, but there are challenges Video: GeekWire predicts 2017’s top tech trends on New Day NW Microsoft design guru explains why originality is ‘vastly overrated’ 50 years after Apollo 1 fire, NASA exhibits fatal artifacts in Florida for the first time Photos: Amazonians storm the ‘Game of Thrones’ Iron Throne — with dogs, bananas and dragons, too Tostitos bag tells you when you’ve had too much to drink and calls an Uber in Super Bowl campaign Geek of the Week: Data scientist Muhammad Ahmad’s many pursuits include AI, art and simulations of dead people Newly appointed FCC chairman announces order to roll back portion of net neutrality rules SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Apple, ACLU join partnership to research artificial intelligence, create best practices NFL legend Joe Montana is launching his own virtual reality football game Google CEO on competition with Amazon Echo and Alexa: Don’t count us out yet Report: Amazon and PayPal have discussed payments partnership, PayPal CEO says Microsoft’s market value surges past $500B for first time in nearly 17 years Trump announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative; Boeing’s Muilenburg, Tesla’s Musk to join council Inside GoDaddy’s rapidly growing Seattle-area engineering office, with CEO Blake Irving How Amazon parties: Inside the tech giant’s massive post-holiday celebration and concert Amazon Web Services’ secret weapon: Its custom-made hardware and network Amazon makes Oscars history with streaming industry’s first-ever Best Picture nomination Shocked by Trump win, Seattle tech vets start news site ‘Presterity,’ using facts to foil new president How Seattle’s office market became a ‘modern day gold rush’ thanks to Amazon and other tech giants UW spinout KenSci raises $8.5M for machine learning platform that predicts which patients will get sick Obama: Amazon is ‘killing traditional retail,’ and ‘relentless’ automation is the real threat to jobs Boeing hints that it’ll unveil its Starliner spacesuits – and maybe who’ll wear them EPA and USDA are latest targets of Trump’s social media gag orders Should online poker really be a crime? High school math teacher makes case for legalization SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Elon Musk drops hints about Donald Trump, a carbon tax … and an L.A. tunnel? Funny video: Amazon Echo misunderstands young boy, accidentally talks about porn What did Trump say now? Oh, it’s just a great new Bad Lip Reading video from Inauguration Day In surprise move, Tesla head Elon Musk tweets that Rex Tillerson could be ‘excellent’ Secretary of State Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Hey, Seattle: Stop being so humble and tout your city’s innovative companies More than 8M people own an Amazon Echo as customer awareness increases ‘dramatically’ Redfin moves into mortgages, will issue home loans in latest bid to upend real estate industry Microsoft counters Chromebooks in schools with new ‘Intune for Education’ service and sub-$200 PC Trending: SpaceX adds a big new lab to its satellite development operation in Seattle area Space & Science Boeing beats quarterly expectations and plans to stay the course in 2017 by Alan Boyle on January 25, 2017 at 9:34 amJanuary 27, 2017 at 3:16 pm Comments   Share  45 Tweet Share  12 Reddit Email Read GeekWire's weekly sports newsletter! The Boeing Co. which has its corporate headquarters in Chicago. (Boeing Photo) The Boeing Co. reported quarterly revenue that went beyond what analysts were expecting, and the company’s CEO said he expected new airplane orders to come in at a “moderated but healthy pace” over the next year. Fourth-quarter revenue was $23.3 billion, which translated to core earnings per share of $2.47. Even though total quarterly earnings were down about 1.2 percent year over year, the per-share figure is higher than analysts’ average predictions of $2.34 per share. Revenue for the full year was $94.6 billion. The bright spot came in commercial airline revenue, which beat expectations due to a delivery volume and mix that was higher than anticipated, Boeing said in today’s report. Highlights for the quarter included the delivery of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, the start of final assembly for the first 787-10 aircraft, and a rush in orders for the 737 MAX. The commercial airplane division booked 288 net orders during the quarter, adding to a backlog of more than 5,700 airplanes valued at $416 billion. The weakest link was the company’s defense business, which took $312 million in pre-tax charges on the Air Force KC-46 tanker program. Boeing has had to make modifications to the tanker design in the course of development – but Dennis Muilenburg, the company’s chairman, president and CEO, said the KC-46 will be “a great long-term franchise program.” “We now put 2016 in the books as a year of solid core operating performance, record cash flow and healthy return to our shareholders,” Muilenburg said during a teleconference. Looking ahead, Boeing said it expects to hit total revenue in the range of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion in 2017, with core earnings per share in the range of $9.10 to $9.30. Those figures are lower than analysts’ previous expectations. Boeing projected operating cash flow at $10.75 billion in 2017, which would exceed 2016’s record mark of $10.5 billion. Commercial airplane deliveries are projected to hit 760 to 765 during 2017. That’s higher than 2016’s full-year figure of 748, and roughly the same as 2015’s figure of 762 deliveries. The quarterly report received a positive reception on Wall Street: Boeing’s share price rose more than 4 percent today, trading at $167.36 per share at market close. Correction for 3:10 p.m. PT Jan. 27: An earlier version of this report included a $243 million pre-tax charge from Boeing’s commercial airplane division for the Air Force KC-46 tanker program, but not a $69 million charge from the defense and space division. This corrected version includes both charges, which total $312 million. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire Anniversary Bash on March 15th. We’ll be bringing back the ping-pong paddles, dodgeball courts, foosball tables, beer pong, video games, arcades, sumo wrestling, cornhole, and MORE at Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party. Get your tickets today!   Comments Share  45 Tweet Share  12 Reddit Email Previous StoryStartup uses Microsoft technology to translate text messages in real-time for world leaders at Davos Next StoryAI sportswear startup Sensoria adds former Microsoft president to board Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: Boeing • Earnings GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Apple revenue in China plunges 33% over last year; Europe now its second-largest market Microsoft beats expectations with $22B in revenue and rising profits Microsoft beats revenue and profit expectations, lifted again by the cloud Microsoft beats estimates as surging cloud business counteracts slump in PCs and phones Previous StoryStartup uses Microsoft technology to translate text messages in real-time for world leaders at Davos Next StoryAI sportswear startup Sensoria adds former Microsoft president to board Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Writing a book is easy with Scrivener, the word processor and project management mastermind GeekWire Deals: Yes, magnetic charging cables for iPhone exist (and they’re under $30) Most Popular on GeekWire How Amazon parties: Inside the tech giant’s massive post-holiday celebration and concert Amazon Web Services’ secret weapon: Its custom-made hardware and network Amazon makes Oscars history with streaming industry’s first-ever Best Picture nomination Shocked by Trump win, Seattle tech vets start news site ‘Presterity,’ using facts to foil new president Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Build EngineerOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Earn your MBA in just 18 months. Discover the Technology Management MBA Program. Learn more at an information session February 8th in Kirkland or February 24th online. Game-changing tech and global thought-leaders converge at the #BCTECH Summit Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information sessions February 13 and March 13th Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Earn your MBA in just 18 months. Discover the Technology Management MBA Program. Learn more at an information session February 8th in Kirkland or February 24th online. Game-changing tech and global thought-leaders converge at the #BCTECH Summit Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information sessions February 13 and March 13th Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Next: up in PhillyDeals: TE Connectivity hits record high as Internet of Things sales surge News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — PhillyDeals Dow hits 20,000 in a Trump bull market Updated: January 25, 2017 — 10:56 AM EST Facebook icon 10Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Report: Fox 29 anchor Jerrick suspended after vulgar Kellyanne Conway comment 9:11 AM Joel Embiid had the perfect response to All-Star snub 12:43 PM Richard Drew / AP A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell Wednesday, by Joseph N. DiStefano, Staff Writer Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD     Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano Prison delay: Pa. appeals to builders after $21M manager doesn't deliver $400M opening date Jan 26 Age case: Lockheed must pay $51M to laid-off Penn Valley engineer Jan 27 Citizens Bank boss cheers Trump tax, reg moves, urges care on trade, immigration Jan 27 More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon The Dow Jones 30 Industrials stocks  topped 20,000 for the first time today -- with aircraft maker Boeing and construction-equipment maker Caterpillar leading the way -- on investors' happy reaction to President Trump's early pro-profit policies, James M. Meyer, principal at Tower Advisers in West Conshohocken, tells clients of Boenning & Scattergood in a note this morning. "The actual trigger" for the stock price jump was Trump's Executive Actions to restart talks on approving the Keystone and Dakota oil pipelines, which Obama had rejected, Meyer notes. Also, Trump has been meeting with CEOs "repeating his goals of less regulation, tax reform and revised rules of the road for trade that could include both taxes and incentives to increase jobs in the U.S. and return some manufacturing" to U.S. factories. "As always with Trump, it is important to get past the original optics that are often expressed in loud, stark and combative terms, and go quickly to the fine print...  Trump isn't going to be patient and will press to move his agenda forward. That is exactly what the investment community wants to see and why stocks pushed higher...  "Despite the tweets and harsh sound bites, the Trump team understands that no one expects (factories for) televisions or shoes to suddenly come back home. He also understands that if we put taxes or tariffs on imports, our trading partners will react in obvious ways to stifle the export of American products... "Trump's behavior is always to stake out an initial position and then move back toward the center. His message of the past three weeks is clear: He doesn't want to see General Motors... build a plant in Mexico, for instance, that will ship most of its production back into the U.S. He is not saying that GM can't build a plant in China to sell cars in China... "If Trump renegotiates NAFTA to provide substantially less incentive to build in Mexico to ship to the U.S., then corporations will react accordingly. They are not altruistic entities; they understand the bottom line...   "He views the restructuring of NAFTA as the way for Mexico to pay for his wall. Today, there will be another order signed to reallocate money to start building the wall. This is more about his messaging to Mexico than it is an actual start of a huge wall across the entire border, something that almost certainly will never happen... "Part of what's going on is going to be abrasive and unsettling. But it is important as investors that we don't get lost in the noise and lose focus on the economics... "Moving a few big plants and building a couple of large pipeline projects are symbolically important but, by themselves, won't move the economic needle... "If the U.S. is to grow faster, it would be logical that the value of the dollar would rise (and discourage U.S. exports. But) as stock prices and interest rates here have moved generally higher in recent weeks, the dollar has retreated almost 4%" as other economies revive, too. So "it isn't a slam dunk that rising U.S. growth means a higher dollar... "Trump's base is Middle Class America. Many don't pay a lot of income tax. Cutting the top rate to 15-20% won't impact them, but a big border tax that forces the price of imported products higher would hurt... Some adjustments are likely along the way." (Note: Last year I charged a speaking fee for moderating an event sponsored by Meyer's firm. Despite this, a lot of his points make sense, and I plan to continue quoting him. Joe D)  Published: January 25, 2017 — 10:34 AM EST | Updated: January 25, 2017 — 10:56 AM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business › Drexel files counterclaims against Sodexo-Magic Johnson firm PhillyDeals › Citizens Bank boss cheers Trump tax, reg moves, urges care on trade, immigration Retail › Online retailer Warby Parker opening full store in Philly on Saturday Hangley elects new chair Age case: Lockheed must pay $51M to laid-off Penn Valley engineer Bowled over: Why it's a super time to buy a TV What La Colombe's founder fears most: Sleeping through life Dangerous & crash-prone: Bensalem roadway among tops in region Bucks woman's elderly father lost $400K to fake IRS agent Mark Zandi: A Trump jobs strategy that will fail Miscommunication blamed in fatal Chester Amtrak crash; engineer tested positive for drugs Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Boeing Backs U.S.-China Trade As Trump Protectionism Looms Boeing's Q4 commercial aircraft deliveries edged up 1.6% to 185. (Boeing) GILLIAN RICH 1/25/2017 Reprints Boeing (BA) emphasized the importance of trade with China for aerospace industry jobs in the U.S. as President Donald Trump pushes for more protectionist policies. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call Wednesday that a "healthy trade relationship between the U.S. and China is still important." China is emerging as a key aerospace market as the country's rising middle class boosts demand for travel. In September, Boeing estimated China would need 6,810 airplanes, valued at $1 trillion, over the next 20 years. To stay competitive Muilenburg said the planned 737 completion plant in Zhoushan is "an important part of the partnership equation." "That finishing center is a location where we can add value in China, but every airplane that goes there is built in the U.S.," he said. "It's a great example of how growth in China creates growth in U.S. manufacturing jobs." Muilenburg was bullish on Trump's focus on the American workforce and tax reforms and regulations for the aerospace sector, but Citron Research warned earlier this month that Trump is a big threat to the industry as he looks to lower military aircraft costs. But strong Q4 results sent Boeing shares up 4.2% to 167.36, hitting record highs on the stock market today, continuing to break out after just clearing a 160.17 buy point on Monday. European rival Airbus (EADSY) fell 0.8%. Adjusted Q4 earnings jumped 54% to $2.47 a share, marking its fastest growth in more than three years, as revenue dipped 1% to $23.29 billion, better than forecasts for $23.19 billion. Commercial aircraft revenue rose 1% to $16.24 billion, as Q4 deliveries edged up 1.6% to 185. Defense, space and security revenue fell 12% to $6.86 billion. Total backlog was $473 billion at the end of Q4, up from $462 billion at the beginning of Q4. Full-year 2017 EPS of $9.10-$9.30, below Wall Street views for $9.31, on revenue of $90.5 billion-$92.5 billion, below consensus views for $93.09 billion. Operating cash flow is seen increasing to $10.75 billion next year from $10.5 billion in 2016, as the 787 program has finally turned cash-flow positive, boosting prospects for more stock buybacks and dividend hikes. Boeing's commercial division has been pressured by Airbus in recent years and its hot-selling A321neo. Boeing plans to roll out a stretched version of the latest 737 Max to hold on to market share before launching a new fell 0.6%. Boeing's 737 Max 10X plane will carry 190-230 people and could launch in 2020, according to reports earlier this month. Management said in October that the new midsize plane could be delivered by 2024-2025. On the defense side, Boeing had come under fire from Trump over the high costs of its Air Force One replacement program. But Muilenburg met with Trump and said the company could build a new Air Force One for under $4 billion. But Trump also tweeted last month that he asked Boeing to price out a F/A-18 Super Hornet "comparable" to the F-35. But Pentagon officials said they need the new Lockheed Martin (LMT) F-35 for stealth and other fifth-generation capabilities that the Super Hornet lacks. Shares of Lockheed, which reported Q4 results above analyst views on Tuesday but gave weak 2017 EPS guidance, dipped 1.1% Wednesday. Also Wednesday, Textron (TXT) said Q4 earnings fell 3.7% to 78 cents per share, falling short of views 87 cents. Revenue was down 2.5% to $3.83 billion, under views for $3.9 billion.  The Bell helicopter and Cessna airplane maker sees full year revenue of $14.3 billion, below consensus for $14.39 billion, and adjusted EPS of $2.50-$2.70, short of Wall Street views for $2.93. Textron also said it agreed to buy Arctic Cat (ACAT) for $247 million, or $18.50 per Arctic Cat share, a 41% premium on Tuesday's closing price. The deal also includes an unspecified amount of debt.  Arctic Cat will keep its brand and become part of Textron's specialized vehicles business. Textron shares sank 10%. Raytheon (RTN) and Northrop Grumman (NOC) results are on tap for Thursday and General Dynamics (GD) is scheduled for Friday. RELATED: Boeing Confirms SpiceJet Deal For 100 New 737 Max 8 Orders Citron: Trump Is To Aerospace What Hillary Was To Pharma; Warns On TDG GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news General Dynamics, maker of the Abrams tank and other defense gear, topped profit views and gave bullish long-term guidance. (General Dynamics) General Dynamics Stock In Buy Zone On Strong Outlook; Mattis Eyes F-35 4:36 PM ET General Dynamics popped to a record high after the defense and aerospace giant offered a strong outlook over the coming... 4:36 PM ET General Dynamics popped to a record high after the defense... Treasury Might Write Checks To Boeing Under GOP Tax Reform Week In Review: Dow Hits 20K On Trump Rally; Boeing Hot, Google Iced U.S. Economic Malaise Hits 11 Years: GDP Growth 1.6% In 2016 Trump Backs 20% Import Tax To Pay For Border Wall — Or Not Northrop, Raytheon Join Lockheed With Weak Views But New Budget Looms Stocks End Quietly Mixed; Alphabet, Starbucks, PayPal Down Late Alibaba, Seagate Price Targets Raised On Earnings, Lockheed's PT Cut Market Charges Into New Highs, Dow 20,000 Achieved; Amazon Adds To Breakout Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself The Direxion Leveraged ETF Online Education Center helps you understand if leveraged ETFs are suitable for you. Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday, Jan. 25. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Dow hits 20,000 following solid open for US stocks Wed Jan 25th, 2017 11:08am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By ALEX VEIGA Associated Press The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The other major U.S. stock indexes were also moving higher in morning trading, led by banks and other financial companies. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies drove the rally, extending gains from the day before. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow gained 162 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,075 as of 11:04 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,296. The Nasdaq composite index added 47 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,648. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq each closed at record highs on Tuesday. DOW MILESTONE: The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. THE QUOTE: “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” FLYING HIGH: Boeing rose 4.1 percent after the aircraft manufacturer beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business. The stock was the biggest gainer in the Dow, rising $6.63 to $167.18. REMEMBER THIS: Seagate jumped 20.8 percent after the data storage company posted fiscal second-quarter revenue that exceeded financial analysts’ forecasts. The stock was up the most among companies in the S&P 500, adding $7.78 to $45.22. STRONG RESULTS: Rockwell Automation climbed 7.5 percent after the company reported strong quarterly earnings. The stock picked up $10.60 to $152.63. SOLID QUARTER: Logitech vaulted 15.1 percent after the computer gaming and accessories maker’s latest earnings beat Wall Street’s expectations. Its shares added $3.80 to $28.90. ROUGH ROAD: Textron slumped 9.9 percent after the defense contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.89 to $44.50. FALLING SHORT: Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.3 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 74 cents to $16.28. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany’s DAX was up 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France was 1.2 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.4 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. ENERGY: Oil prices were little changed. Benchmark U.S. crude was essentially unchanged from the day before at $53.20 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 9 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $55.33 a barrel in London. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.50 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 113.62 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0736 from $1.0723. Most Read Investigation continues into massive Lynnwood blaze LYNNWOOD — It could be weeks before investigators determine what may have… Jan 26th, 2017 by Rikki King and Ian Terry Deputies, neighbors team up to roust squatters near Everett EVERETT — In their own way, the squatters were fairly sophisticated. They… Jan 27th, 2017 by Rikki King Couple taxed, but only part of their land is in transit district SNOHOMISH — Cheryl Carlson was surprised last month to receive a letter… Jan 26th, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 suspects crash stolen car after high-speed chase in Monroe EVERETT — A Gold Bar man allegedly bragged that he reached speeds… Jan 26th, 2017 by Scott North Snohomish High asks students to get smart about trash SNOHOMISH — There was a lot of trash talking at Snohomish High… Jan 26th, 2017 by Eric Stevick © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars TV listings MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka AP FACT CHECK: New Trump salvo on voter fraud lacks evidence Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Carlton Bragg suspended indefinitely from KU basketball Payne becomes sole owner of Heartland Park Topeka Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured Women’s conference set at LDS Church Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Kevin Haskin: Combination platter abundant as Shocks head into second half of Valley play Mike Hall: A few reader submissions Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted January 25, 2017 09:00 am - Updated January 25, 2017 02:21 pm By Alex Veiga The Associated Press Dow Jones industrial average breaks through 20,000 milestone Market has moved steadily higher since March 2009 A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher by afternoon. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 165 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,078 as of 2:26 p.m. Eastern Time. The S&P 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298. The Nasdaq added 52 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,653. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday’s rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. “Whether it’s tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain’s departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7.47, or 4.7 percent, to $168.03. Seagate’s latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 16.9 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $6.31 to $43.75. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $11.06, or 7.8 percent, to $153.09, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker’s shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 8 percent after the defense contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $3.93 to $45.45. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.5 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 77 cents to $16.25. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany’s DAX rose 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Oil prices edged lower. Benchmark U.S. crude was down 45 cents to $52.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 44 cents at $55 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.53 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.82 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro held steady at $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 percent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. Advertisement Most Popular News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 20:15 Hayden High School community mourns death of 16-year-old student Sports Fri, 01/27/2017 - 17:37 KU police have suspect in drug paraphernalia case from McCarthy Hall rape investigation News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 16:53 Deputy treated, released after being struck by vehicle fleeing traffic stop in central Topeka; 2 arrested News Fri, 01/27/2017 - 21:20 KHP: Semi driver suffers possibly life-threatening injuries after semi rollover in North Topeka   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Fri, 01/27/2017 - 21:16 Hours long standoff in East Topeka ends after police deploy gas into house Fri, 01/27/2017 - 18:30 Individual driving stolen car on Wednesday a minor, Topeka police say Topeka police say they know who was driving a stolen SUV Wednesday and that the individual is a minor. Read more Fri, 01/27/2017 - 18:14 Visit Topeka takes over rights to Tap That brew festival in downtown Topeka Fri, 01/27/2017 - 17:49 Kansas health officials: Flu spreading across state Kansas health officials say the flu is spreading across the state. Read more Load more   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Dow industrial average breaks 20,000 milestone By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Jan 25 2017 11:51AM    •    Last Updated Jan 25 2017 02:28 pm A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (6) The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher in late-afternoon trading. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial and industrial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 150 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,062 as of 1:30 p.m. Mountain time. The S&P 500 index rose 17 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,297. The Nasdaq added 50 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,651. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7 or 4.4 percent, to $167.55. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 6 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn't stand trial. Honor Code dispute could move Air Force ROTC off BYU campus Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Mysterious fund pays for League of Cities-sponsored stories in Deseret News ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Market Data Industry News Personal Finance Tech My Screeners My Portfolio UK Markets closed FTSE 100 7,184.49 23.00 (0.32%) GBP/USD 1.2548 -0.00 (-0.36%) GBPEUR=X 1.1727 (0) Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Youkyung Lee, AP Business Writer Associated Press26 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)More SEOUL, South Korea (AP) -- Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to read next Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.9bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' The Telegraph Convenient Townhomes Coming Soon to Clarksburg Ryan HomesSponsored BUFFETT: What I tell people who are anti-immigration Yahoo Finance Technology investors are 'freaking out' about the new FCC chair, VC says CNBC Sale of core Yahoo assets to Verizon delayed AFP Checkout the New Prius, Sleek Look Low Price Your Local Toyota DealerSponsored US demoted to 'flawed democracy' by The Economist's research arm CNBC Melania Trump stars on the cover of Vanity Fair Mexico. Yes, Mexico Yahoo Style UK President of Princeton University on President-elect Donald Trump You Won't Even Recognize These Former Olympians AllRookieSponsored 1960s suburbia collides with ultra-modern living in this £1 million five-bedroom home Silicon Valley giant grows stake in UK fintech star TransferWise Sky News An exercise Stanford professors developed to map out how your life will unfold removes the agony from major decisions Business Insider The Most Anticipated Pickup Trucks of 2017 Yahoo SearchSponsored Contemporary living with a 70ft roof terrace in the heart of trendy Camden - all for £2.4 million Ian Bremmer: These are the geopolitical risks under a Trump presidency Data disclaimer Help Suggestions
Dow Jones breaks through 20,000 milestone | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV National News HOT TOPICS Mexico Donald Trump Health care Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Dow Jones breaks through 20,000 milestone Alex Veiga, The Associated Press Published Wednesday, January 25, 2017 12:16AM EST Last Updated Wednesday, January 25, 2017 11:41PM EST The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on. U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. "It's a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank's Private Client Reserve. "It's really symbolic of what's going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that's going to drive stock prices higher." The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 per cent, to 5,656.34. Small-company stocks also rose. The Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 per cent, to 1,382.44. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Wednesday's rally came against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. "Whether it's tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently," said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit." Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 per cent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds -- even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 -- and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain's departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 per cent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies rose on results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $6.81, or 4.2 per cent, to $167.36. Seagate's latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 14 per cent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $5.23 to $42.67. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.98, or 7.7 per cent, to $153.01, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 per cent. The computer gaming and accessories maker's shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 5.4 per cent after the defence contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $2.65 to $46.73. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 3.1 per cent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 52 cents to $16.50. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany's DAX rose 1.8 per cent, while the CAC-40 in France gained 1 per cent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares rose 0.2 per cent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 per cent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 per cent. Energy prices mostly declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 43 cents to $52.75 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slid 36 cents at $55.08 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 per cent from 2.47 per cent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.60 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0743 from $1.0723. Among metals, the price of gold slid $13, or 1.1 per cent, to $1,197.80 an ounce. Silver fell 21 cents to $16.98 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.71 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.52 a gallon, while heating oil slid 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.6 per cent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. ------ AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. Related Links NYSE - Dow Jones industrial average Photos A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Toronto: Woman fails to stop for border patrol Air Date: January 27, 2017 false Man trying to solve family photo mystery Air Date: January 27, 2017 false Winnipegger warns others after ordeal in Mexico Air Date: January 26, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Doble doble, por favor: Tim Hortons saying hola to Mexico Beware third-party passport companies: Canadian government Toronto's main stock index falls on energy sector slump as oil dips Second Postmedia executive to depart after receiving retention bonus Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership, owing $39M to debtor Canadian in U.S. jailed for 4 years over 'pump and dump' penny stock fraud Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Darren Sissons' Top Picks _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses Total S.A. _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses 3D Systems _ WATCH: Darren Sissons discusses BP CTV News Video Network false Canadian says she was sexually assaulted, jailed in Mexico CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Winnipeg woman speaks out about dangers of travel in Mexico 1 2 Curses! Ontario town's Harry Potter festival sells out 9 months in advance 3 Trump calls Madonna 'disgusting' for Women's March remarks 1 4 Mom gets 8 years in prison for heroin death of 11-month-old 5 Video introducing Trump to the Netherlands goes viral 6 Manhunt in Toronto for 'dangerous' man who escaped hospital 1 7 'The nasty side of NAFTA': Unifor boss slams GM for slashing 625 jobs in Ont. 5 8 Doble doble, por favor: Tim Hortons saying hola to Mexico 9 Military training plane crashes near CFB Moose Jaw 2 10 Albright: 'I stand ready to register as Muslim' Don't Miss false Outdoor mashup of curling and crokinole debuts in Winnipeg false Searchin' for urchin? B.C. farming pilot project launched false Man finds mysterious photos inside book from thrift store You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Manhunt in Toronto for 'dangerous' man who escaped hospital Crown asks for jail terms as long as 18 years in Quebec maple syrup theft Riding a relic: Ottawa rail enthusiasts restore trolley for Canada 150 WORLD Trump orders strict new refugee screening Mexicans unite to fight Trump's plans with U.S. boycotts Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight ENTERTAINMENT Actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and 'Alien,' dies at 77 Mischa Barton taken to hospital after reports of yelling Celine Dion to be adviser on 'The Voice' HEALTH Medical journal no longer recommends popular morning sickness pill Hawaii bill would classify homelessness as medical condition Dying from cancer: Could your location determine your fate? POLITICS UPDATED Critics blast proposed changes to cash-for-access rules Kevin O'Leary campaign says it raised nearly $184,000 in 24 hours Ottawa think tank promised access to PM in exchange for sponsorship SCI-TECH Does it fart? Scientists want to know which animals pass gas NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire Rogue U.S. government tweeters could be prosecuted as hackers Business Doble doble, por favor: Tim Hortons saying hola to Mexico Beware third-party passport companies: Canadian government Sponsored Preparing for a vacation: How to get from dream to destination AUTOS German prosecutors widen Volkswagen emissions probe Cashing in on connected cars Pruett, 6 others to be inducted in Motorsports Hall of Fame SPORTS Raptors point guard Lowry thrilled to be joining teammate, friend DeRozan again Gretzky, Orr, Lemieux all agree: Gordie Howe was best ever in NHL history Welcome to Hockeywood: NHL All-Stars converge for L.A. party Lifestyle As Year of the Rooster dawns, 'phoenix claws' grace the menu 'Crokicurl' may be 'most Canadian' game ever 'We're so close': California actor, 31, takes in ailing 89-year-old 'bestie' CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Legendary actor John Hurt dead at 77 President Trump orders 'extreme vetting' of immigrants Torrential downpour sparks flooding, sweeps away hotel In Pictures   Celebrating Chinese New Year Homes of the Month: $500K across Canada In Photos: Ice storm hits New Brunswick Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
January 27, 2017 | 79° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Dow hits 20,000 following solid open for U.S. stocks Associated Press Posted January 25, 2017 January 25, 2017 Updated January 25, 2017 8:32am ASSOCIATED PRESS Specialist Frank Masiello wore a Dow 20,000 cap as he worked on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange today. The Dow Jones industrial average was trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. ASSOCIATED PRESS A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange showed the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell today. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time today, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies helped push the Dow past the threshold early on and had U.S. stocks solidly higher by afternoon. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite were on course for record highs of their own after each closed at all-time highs on Tuesday. Financial stocks were leading the gainers, while real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks were among the biggest laggards as bond yields rose. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 151 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,064 as of 1:09 p.m. Eastern Time. The S&P 500 index rose 15 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,295. The Nasdaq added 45 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,646. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Today’s rally comes against a backdrop of optimism on Wall Street that executive actions and policy goals announced by the Trump administration this week on trade, manufacturing and business deregulation will be good for corporate America. “Whether its tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect on the market. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. “In and of itself, it is just a number,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. “But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher.” If the Dow reaching 20,000 has any impact, it will likely be a psychological one. Investors have been leery of the stock market for years, unable to stomach the prospect of losing more than 50 percent of their money for a second time if another financial crisis hits. That trepidation has caused them to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis, Brexit and U.S. presidential election of last fall would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. This is expected to be the busiest week for corporate earnings news, with about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 reporting quarterly results. Several companies were moving higher after reporting results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Boeing was the biggest gainer in the Dow. The aircraft manufacturer climbed $7.70, or 4.8 percent, to $168.25. Seagate’s latest quarterly snapshot drove its shares 17.7 percent higher, to lead all other companies in the S&P 500. The stock added $6.64 to $44.08. Investors also bid up shares in Rockwell Automation, which rose $10.06, or 7.1 percent, to $152.09, and Logitech, which vaulted 15.5 percent. The computer gaming and accessories maker’s shares added $3.90 to $29. Some companies posted earnings that failed to impress investors. Textron slumped 10.5 percent after the defense contractor’s fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts’ estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $5.21 to $44.17. Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 5.5 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 93 cents to $16.09. Major stock indexes in Europe moved higher. Germany’s DAX was up 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France was 1 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.2 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan’s government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea’s Kospi rose 0.1 percent. Oil prices edged lower. Benchmark U.S. crude was down 4 cents to $53.14 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 13 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $55.31 a barrel in London. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.52 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. In currency trading, the dollar fell to 113.79 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0732 from $1.0723. AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Body found on side of H-1 westbound in Kalihi ‘Peace’ woman jumps to soothe, delight by waving along Pali DOE deputy Stephen Schatz accepts UH position Prosecutor: Businessman invokes Trump in attack on Muslim airline employee In Trump’s White House, a day of confusion and change 3 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. nalogirl says: January 25, 2017 at 8:42 am Where is the poster who kept on saying the market would take a dive because of Trump? I guess he’s too embarrassed by the great numbers. Go Trump, make America great again! Log in to Reply Kalaheo1 says: January 25, 2017 at 8:51 am That’s “Boots” and the stock market is how he judges the job the President is doing. I guess Boots must approve of President Trump. Log in to Reply bluebowl says: January 25, 2017 at 9:05 am Here kitty,kitty. Eat your words,Boots! Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours Sen. Franken hears criticism of Trump education nominee Betsy DeVos St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged Former Twins manager Kelly to be honored with statue at Target Field A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list next Business 411758026 Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone By YOUKYUNG LEE Associated Press January 25, 2017 — 10:30pm Richard Drew, AP Specialist Frank Masiello wore a Dow 20,000 cap as he worked on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint SEOUL, South Korea — Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist Higher wages push stocks to records, but Dow misses 20,000 Ameriprise earnings drop in second quarter US stock market moves sharply higher Markets are roiled by prospect of early Fed exit Mixed open on Wall Street ahead of Fed minutes More From Business Business January 28 Reviews: Nintendo Switch and Apple AirPods each get thumbs up Nintendo Switch $300Console options like a custom experienceNintendo's new Switch console is an odd gadget. With a modular design that lets you take your quest… Business January 28 BlackBerry and Nokia phones are coming back — with a twist The 2017 smartphone cycle is about to kick off in earnest, and there are some familiar names fighting to come back into the fold.BlackBerry Mobile… National 17 minutes ago Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists President Donald Trump on Friday barred all refugees from entering the United States for four months — and those from war-ravaged Syria indefinitely — declaring the ban necessary to prevent "radical Islamic terrorists" from entering the nation. Business 35 minutes ago United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well United Airlines, which will soon launch no-frills basic economy fares, chose Minneapolis-St. Paul as a test market in part because Minnesotans tend to follow rules. South Metro 36 minutes ago Local candy company Abdallah expands to Apple Valley The candy company added a second production facility as well a new store. Related Coverage Local money pros see Dow's close above 20,000 as a confidence boost Jan. 25 A look at the Dow's 1,000-point milestones Jan. 25 Most Read United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well • Business American Apparel, Wet Seal closing remaining Twin Cities stores • Business Mexican import tax would be dire for Minnesota industry, trade experts say • Business Dayton signs bill bearing health insurance premium relief • Business Dayton, GOP legislators strike deal on health care rebates • Business World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Brutal western US winter has been terrible for animals Politics Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild rolls into All-Star break with romp over Blues Wild's All-Star caravan readies for its L.A. close-up Wolves Crunch topples KAT's dad in stunt gone wrong; Pacers topple Wolves Souhan: Thibodeau's style working with young Wolves Gophers Gophers pressing for a victory as No. 22 Maryland comes to town Gophers headed for North Star Cup third-place game after loss to UMD Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content January 27, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Business > Business Breaking News > Markets Right Now: Dow Jones industrials breach 20,000 Business Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Markets Right Now: Dow Jones industrials breach 20,000 By: The Associated Press Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017 at 3:26 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error NEW YORK - The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. It's been two months since the Dow crossed 19,000 points. Other major U.S. indexes also closed at all-time highs Wednesday. Banks and other financial companies posted the biggest gains. Wells Fargo jumped 3.7 per cent. Industrial companies also rose sharply. Boeing surged 4.2 per cent, the biggest gain in the Dow. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, surged 155 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,068. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,298. The Nasdaq composite rose 55 points, or 1 per cent, to 5,656. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.52 per cent. ___ 11:45 a.m. The Dow Jones industrial average has crossed through 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The other major U.S. stock indexes were also moving higher in midday trading Wednesday, led by banks and other financial companies. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies drove the rally, extending gains from the day before. Boeing jumped 4.6 per cent, the biggest gain in the Dow. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, was up 136 points, or 0.7 per cent, at 20,049. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 13 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 2,293. The Nasdaq composite rose 40 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 5,641. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.50 per cent. ___ 9:35 a.m. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow was up 102 points, or 0.56 per cent, to 20,018. The Nasdaq rose 48 points, or 0.9 per cent, to 5,600. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 10 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,290. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.51 per cent. Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Business Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Police arrest man who dialed 911 for no reason Reed chasing a playoff spot at Scotties Brandon man allegedly punches, chokes girlfriend Brazilian students invade Carberry City crews clearing snow trouble spots Volunteers make pavilions possible Driving ban, $1,600 fine for crash Dakota Nation Winterfest features culture, sports Police lay charges in cocaine and meth bust $150,000 of crystal meth recovered Police lay charges in cocaine and meth bust Cow shot dead on Westman farm 'Immediate danger' spurred Mounties to seize 76 guns from rural property Three times the charm for Anderson sisters Brandon grocer claims evidence planted by property manager Blaze causes $200K in damage Brandon man wins $1M Lotto 6-49 jackpot Brothers named all-stars in different age groups Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Brandon mom was 'kind to everyone' Two years house arrest for fatal crash Three times the charm for Anderson sisters $150,000 of crystal meth recovered Police lay charges in cocaine and meth bust Worker tells mom to feed baby in store bathroom Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Cow shot dead on Westman farm Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts 'Immediate danger' spurred Mounties to seize 76 guns from rural property Today | Week | Month Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term If they took a holiday … so what? City eyes 2.95% tax hike Minimum wage hikes don't reduce poverty, Pallister says Police stop alleged drug trafficking Resolution raises some serious questions for municipalities Police scoff at Brandonite 'finding' drugs Heed cigarette lessons for pot Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Today | Week | Month Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Education key for Alzheimer awareness Cow shot dead on Westman farm Glenboro couple still in love after 75 years Cornwallis fire claims puppy 'Immediate danger' spurred Mounties to seize 76 guns from rural property Former Brandon gas station employee jailed one year for role in armed robbery $8,000 for Ag in the Classroom Kids learn about ag Morning Mess: Locally filmed ‘A Dog’s Purpose’ a tear-jerker Night hunting battle turning into 'race war,' Pallister says Education key for Alzheimer awareness Cow shot dead on Westman farm Thanks for help at airport Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project WHL NOTEBOOK: Geekie enjoying breakout season with Americans Night hunting battle turning into 'race war,' Pallister says Glenboro couple still in love after 75 years Man charged after allegedly locking ex in room and sexually assaulting her MPI pulls adjusters from 20 small towns Bale home near Onanole could be game-changer Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer Sees a Bull Market in Aerospace Stocks Jim Cramer says that United Technologies and Boeing had hiccups in their latest quarterly reports, but the overall sector is in 'bull market mode.' Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Jan 25, 2017 12:19 PM EST TheStreet's Jim Cramer said that United Technologies  (UTX) and Boeing (BA) had hiccups in their latest quarterly reports, but the overall sector is in "bull market mode." Cramer said, "United Technologies has seen a slowdown in sales coming out of the Middle East." As for Boeing, Cramer believes the stock is a buy if you value it for the long term. If you liked this article you might like The Beast's New Stripes; Rally Runs Further: Jim Cramer's Best Blog Jim Cramer ponders how the beast may have changed its stripes, and points out that this rally has further yet to go. Jim Cramer Jan 27, 2017 9:00 PM EST Honeywell CEO Sees 'Animal Spirits' Lurking Going Into 2017 Dave Cote, appearing on his last quarterly call after more than 14 years as CEO, gave an official outlook that was cautious but said he sees reasons for optimism. Lou Whiteman Jan 27, 2017 6:56 PM EST Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House One good rally was all it took for stocks to seal new records and for the Dow Jones Industrial Average to smash through its 20,000 mark. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 27, 2017 6:30 PM EST Jim Cramer -- Honeywell's Earnings Will Likely Be Good Honeywell CEO Dave Cote won't go out on a bad note, Jim Cramer said. Bret Kenwell Jan 26, 2017 12:50 PM EST Trending Letting the Peso Dive Might Be Mexico's Best Revenge Against Trump Chipotle Could Be Crushed by Trump's 20% Mexico Border Tax Earnings, Not Politics, Are Still Driving This Market: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/27/17) These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Get Hot Soon Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Remain Firmly Positive, Dow Holding Above 20,000 - U.S. Commentary 1/25/2017 12:00 PM ET After moving to the upside early in the session, stocks remain mostly positive in mid-day trading on Wednesday. With the upward move, the Dow has climbed above 20,000 for the first time, while the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 have also reached new record highs. In recent trading, the major averages have pulled back off their best levels of the day but remain firmly positive. The Dow is up 134.56 points or 0.7 percent at 20,047.27, the Nasdaq is up 38.37 points or 0.7 percent at 5,639.32 and the S&P 500 is up 13.01 points or 0.6 percent at 2,293.08. The strength on Wall Street comes as stocks continue to benefit from optimism about U.S. economic growth under new President Donald Trump. Trump has signed several executive orders designed to boost the economy, including orders reviving the controversial Keystone XL and Dakota pipeline projects. Buying interest has also been generated in reaction to earnings news from companies such as aerospace giant Boeing (BA). Boeing is currently up by 4.6 percent after reporting fourth quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Computer hardware stocks continue to see substantial strength on the day, driving the NYSE Arca Computer Hardware Index up by 4.2 percent. With the jump, the index has reached a nearly two-year intraday high. Hard disk maker Seagate Technology (STX) has helped to lead the sector higher after reporting better than expected second quarter results. Significant strength is also visible among railroad stocks, as reflected by the 1.8 percent gain being posted by the Dow Jones Railroads Index. The index has also reached its best intraday level in almost two years. Banking, housing, and biotechnology stocks are also seeing notable strength, while gold stocks are bucking the uptrend amid a drop by the price of the precious metal. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region moved mostly higher during trading on Wednesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index jumped by 1.4 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose by 0.4 percent. The major European markets also moved to the upside on the day. While the German DAX Index surged up by 1.8 percent, the French CAC 40 Index advanced by 1 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index edged up by 0.2 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have moved lower amid the strength on Wall Street. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is up by 3.3 basis points at 2.504 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Stocks Continue To Lack Direction In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Lower On Bank Weakness Stocks Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Turn In Another Lackluster Performance - U.S. Commentary Wall Street May Open Broadly Higher Sensex, Nifty Extend Gains For Fourth Day European Shares Drift Lower Amid Mixed Earnings Reports Asian Shares Mostly Higher In Thin Holiday Trade European Stocks Set To Open Mixed Amid Lack Of Triggers Sensex Up 170 Points In Early Trade; Nifty At 8649 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower On Mixed Global Cues Thai Market Likely To See Resistance At 1600 Little Movement Expected For Indonesia Shares <<Previous        63 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Dow Jones breaks record, crosses 20K mark for first time ever Financial Markets Wall Street A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (Richard Drew | Associated Press) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on January 25, 2017 at 12:17 PM, updated January 25, 2017 at 3:25 PM comments The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The other major U.S. stock indexes were also moving higher in morning trading, led by banks and other financial companies. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies drove the rally, extending gains from the day before. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow gained 162 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,075 as of 11:04 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,296. The Nasdaq composite index added 47 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,648. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq each closed at record highs on Tuesday. DOW MILESTONE: The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. THE QUOTE: "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." FLYING HIGH: Boeing rose 4.1 percent after the aircraft manufacturer beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business. The stock was the biggest gainer in the Dow, rising $6.63 to $167.18. REMEMBER THIS: Seagate jumped 20.8 percent after the data storage company posted fiscal second-quarter revenue that exceeded financial analysts' forecasts. The stock was up the most among companies in the S&P 500, adding $7.78 to $45.22. STRONG RESULTS: Rockwell Automation climbed 7.5 percent after the company reported strong quarterly earnings. The stock picked up $10.60 to $152.63. SOLID QUARTER: Logitech vaulted 15.1 percent after the computer gaming and accessories maker's latest earnings beat Wall Street's expectations. Its shares added $3.80 to $28.90. ROUGH ROAD: Textron slumped 9.9 percent after the defense contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.89 to $44.50. FALLING SHORT: Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.3 percent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 74 cents to $16.28. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was up 1.8 percent, while the CAC-40 in France was 1.2 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.4 percent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 percent. ENERGY: Oil prices were little changed. Benchmark U.S. crude was essentially unchanged from the day before at $53.20 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 9 cents, or 0.2 percent, at $55.33 a barrel in London. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.50 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 113.62 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0736 from $1.0723. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu now rampant throughout all New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defence revenue The Associated Press Posted: Jan 25, 2017 12:02 PM ET Last Updated: Jan 25, 2017 12:03 PM ET An engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant in this Feb. 2016 photo. Boeing reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion US on Wednesday. (Brad Nettles, The Post and Courier/Associated Press) Related Stories Iran says it got half price deal for Boeing jets Trump tweet sends Lockheed shares lower Cancel Boeing order for new Air Force One jet, Trump says Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defence business. The company forecast Wednesday that deliveries of commercial airplanes will rise slightly in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing expects full-year earnings in 2017 to range between $9.10 and $9.30 US per share, roughly in line with analysts' forecast of $9.25 per share. The company's revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets, however. Iran says it got half price deal for Boeing jets Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defence and space business could fall by up to five per cent, including a drop in sales of military jets. The company was stung last month when then-president-elect Donald Trump blasted the cost of replacing the Boeing 747 jumbo jets used as Air Force One presidential planes. "Costs are out of control, more than $4 billion," Trump tweeted. "Cancel order!" CEO Dennis Muilenburg visited Trump at Trump Tower to assure him the company will work to reduce the program's costs. Cancel Boeing order for new Air Force One jet, Trump says Trump tweet sends Lockheed shares lower Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 per cent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell one per cent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted that revenue will be between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defence sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $2.57, or 1.6 per cent, to $163.12 in trading before Wednesday's opening bell. The shares have increased 3 per cent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has climbed roughly 2 per cent. The stock has climbed 29 per cent in the last 12 months. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership January 27, 6:28 PM ET Air Miles quietly devalues some points, shocks collectors January 27, 2:46 PM ET read comments GM axing 625 jobs at Ontario plant, shifting some production to Mexico January 27, 9:27 PM ET video NEB to restart Energy East pipeline approval process January 27, 8:57 PM ET video To stand out at Super Bowl LI, ads are going for stunts January 27, 12:15 PM ET Must Watch Video Automotive industry cuts 2:14 Ron Charles reports on job losses in Ontario as GM moves some production to Mexico Video U.S.-Mexico trade reality 2:13 Jacqueline Hansen reports on the changing U.S.-Mexican trade relationship Video Energy East pipeline hurdles 7:04 Tom Adams on the NEB's decision to restart Energy East pipeline approval process Video Nintendo's new console 6:38 Nintendo Canada general manager Pierre-Paul Trepanier on the company's pending launch of its new gaming system Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Jan 27, 2017 4:29 PM ET Jan 27, 2017 4:35 PM ET Jan 27, 2017 4:15 PM ET Jan 27, 2017 4:40 PM ET Jan 27, 2017 4:29 PM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15575.81 -39.71 DOW 20093.78 -7.13 NASDAQ 5660.78 5.60 SP 500 2294.69 -1.99 TSX-VENTURE 809.62 8.31 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Air Miles quietly drops value of some points, angering collectors read comments GM axing 625 jobs at Ontario plant, shifting some production to Mexico video Just the (alternative?!) facts, ma'am: Why there's so much carbon tax confusion Prolific video testimonial creator says there's 'nothing wrong' with selling reviews video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss MARKETPLACE Prolific video testimonial creator says there's 'nothing wrong' with selling reviews Analysis Just the (alternative?!) facts, ma'am: Why there's so much carbon tax confusion Proposed class action against Air Miles goes on despite expiry cancellation Analysis Trump's tariff plan threatens wreckage for the auto industry, analysts say 'I want to touch and feel': Online-only retailers open regular stores Analysis Keystone XL could be Canada's last big oil export pipeline Analysis New job for Obama as music industry continues to struggle: Don Pittis The Uber-ization of the Canadian economy Analysis Trump auto protectionism puts cat among pigeons at Detroit show: Don Pittis 5 reasons Canada's economy is looking up in 2017 Just starting out? Consider these tips to get your finances in order CES Automakers take differing routes to self-driving future Analysis Home ownership remains a millennial measure of success: Don Pittis Under 35? You face at least 3 tough challenges in the 2017 economy Canada's top CEOs earn 193 times average worker's salary Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 1/25/2017 10:23 PM Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm displaying NY Dow Jones industrial average, top right, that went up 155.80 to 20,068.51, in Tokyo, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. Japan's Nikkei 225, left, surged 1.4 percent to 19,332.84. Associated Press A screen above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the closing number for the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. Associated Press A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 percent to 19,332.84 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,084.45 in the morning. Associated Press A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm displaying Japan's Nikkei 225, left, that surged 1.4 percent to 19,332.84 and NY Dow Jones industrial average that went up 155.80 to 20,068.51, in Tokyo, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. Associated Press Specialist Mario Picone adjusts his Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Associated Press   By YOUKYUNG LEE     SEOUL, South Korea -- Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average's first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays," said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. "Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience." WALL STREET: The Dow's breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing sets cash flow record, lifts 2017 forecast for jet output Reuters Ankit Ajmera 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Boeing Co said on Wednesday it expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, topping 748 deliveries in 2016. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 167.70 -1.42 -0.84% Thomson Reuters Corp TRI ▼ 44.98 -0.19 -0.42% The world's biggest maker of jetliners said it expects 2017 core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, of between $9.10 and $9.30 per share on revenue of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. Boeing forecast operating cash flow of about $10.75 billion in 2017. The company reported record cash flow of $10.5 billion in 2016. Boeing generated $7.7 billion of operating cash flow at the end of the third quarter, fueling expectations it would hit its target of about $10 billion for 2016. But the year-end figure surpassed analysts' estimates of $10.4 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Boeing's higher cash target for 2017 suggested it can keep generating cash by reducing costs while it increases aircraft deliveries. Boeing expects to deliver more planes in 2017 despite plans to cut output of its 777 model by 40 percent this year. Deliveries of its smaller 737 and 737 MAX models will make up the difference, producing a revenue decline in 2017. Core earnings rose to $2.47 per share in the fourth quarter from $1.60 a year earlier. The increase came despite a $201 million aftertax charge for Boeing's KC-46A aerial refueling tanker program for the U.S. Air Force. Revenue fell 1.2 percent to $23.29 billion in the quarter.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Saris swirl at rare transgender 'birthday' party in Pakistan Reuters GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance - sources Reuters Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns - Nikkei Reuters LeBron leads Cavs to much-needed victory over Nets Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Mother makes plea for information on son missing for 23 days Shawnigan Lake quarry’s permit suspended by province Langford man sentenced to 3 years in prison for office sex assaults Tire slasher severs his own leg artery in parking lot Police officers to be part of mental health team 9-year-old who died in crash ‘wasn’t scared of doing things’ Dow Jones sets record; overseas markets up Alex Veiga / The Associated Press January 25, 2017 05:37 AM Updated: January 25, 2017 08:17 AM The Dow Jones industrial average crossed the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The other major U.S. stock indexes were also moving higher in morning trading, led by banks and other financial companies. Strong earnings from Boeing and other big companies drove the rally, extending gains from the day before. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow gained 162 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,075 as of 11:04 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 2,296. The Nasdaq composite index added 47 points, or 0.9 per cent, to 5,648. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq each closed at record highs on Tuesday. DOW MILESTONE: The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last fall. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. Most professional investors are skeptical the Dow at 20,000 will have much effect. They more often look to the S&P 500 index as a benchmark, because they consider it better representation of the broad market. THE QUOTE: "In and of itself, it is just a number," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But what it does is it lifts market expectations, in essence, to continue moving higher." FLYING HIGH: Boeing rose 4.1 per cent after the aircraft manufacturer beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defence business. The stock was the biggest gainer in the Dow, rising $6.63 to $167.18. REMEMBER THIS: Seagate jumped 20.8 per cent after the data storage company posted fiscal second-quarter revenue that exceeded financial analysts' forecasts. The stock was up the most among companies in the S&P 500, adding $7.78 to $45.22. STRONG RESULTS: Rockwell Automation climbed 7.5 per cent after the company reported strong quarterly earnings. The stock picked up $10.60 to $152.63. SOLID QUARTER: Logitech vaulted 15.1 per cent after the computer gaming and accessories maker's latest earnings beat Wall Street's expectations. Its shares added $3.80 to $28.90. ROUGH ROAD: Textron slumped 9.9 per cent after the defence contractor's fourth-quarter revenue missed financial analysts' estimates. The company also announced it is buying snowmobile maker Arctic Cat in a deal valued at about $247 million. Textron was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.89 to $44.50. FALLING SHORT: Mining company Freeport-McMoRan fell 4.3 per cent after it served up quarterly results that missed analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 74 cents to $16.28. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was up 1.8 per cent, while the CAC-40 in France was 1.2 per cent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.4 per cent. Earlier in Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 1.4 per cent after Japan's government said that the nation had a trade surplus in 2016, its first in six years. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. South Korea's Kospi rose 0.1 per cent. ENERGY: Oil prices were little changed. Benchmark U.S. crude was essentially unchanged from the day before at $53.20 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 9 cents, or 0.2 per cent, at $55.33 a barrel in London. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.50 per cent from 2.47 per cent late Tuesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 113.62 yen from 113.89 on Tuesday. The euro rose to $1.0736 from $1.0723. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close ‹ previous Toronto Stock Exchange finishes just shy of record close; dollar surges next On the Street: Carmanah buys Estonia marine lighting division › next previous Capital Fall 2016 How Victoria Works Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. Markets Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports A peek inside the world where Kelly Ellard lives with her baby 9-year-old who died in crash ‘wasn’t scared of doing things’ Tire slasher severs his own leg artery in parking lot Cyclist’s complaint against Saanich police officer upheld Sarah Beckett case ‘an emotional time for everyone’ Steve Wallace: Rules of the road you probably don't know At Tod Inlet, divers go deep to clean up the dregs of history Man hit by vehicle in Saanich, suffers life-threatening injuries Greater Victoria housing market overvalued, CMHC says Langford man sentenced to 3 years in prison for office sex assaults Greater Victoria housing market overvalued, CMHC says Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers $55M contract awarded to dismantle CFB Esquimalt jetty Delta Ocean Pointe Hotel being sold to private investors Toronto stock market retreats as gold falls; dollar drops After 35 years downtown, auf wiedersehen, Rathskeller Softwood dispute leaves Island economy vulnerable, says analyst Construction group names new CEO Nanaimo's promise: New events centre won't lead to higher taxes Trump proposes big import tax, triggering fight with Mexico Ontario women punch ticket to final at Canadian junior curling championships Defending champion Warriors pose plenty of problems for Grizzlies New lines help ignite Royals’ offence UVic women shoot down Pronghorns UVic Vikes men’s team wary of high-scoring Spartans Northern Ontario starts to heat up at Canadian junior curling championships Tiger returns to PGA Tour and tries to tame Torrey, two Canadians in top 3 Like mother, like daughter: Sara England at junior curling championships World champions beaten at Canadian Junior Curling Championships Berger helps Grizzlies fight off Bulldogs GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... Your timescolonist.com More News News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 30° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly clear. Tonight A few passing clouds. Low 28F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 6 The Associated Press A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Richard Newman, center, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Trader Gregory Rowe wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialists Dilip Patel, left, and Patrick Murphy work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Dow Jones closes above 20,000 points for the first time By Jim Gallagher • St. Louis Post-Dispatch Jim Gallagher Jan 25, 2017 (…) The Associated Press A television screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange headlines the Dow Jones industrial average, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press A board above the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange shows the Dow Jones industrial average at the opening bell, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The DJIA is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialist Frank Masiello wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Richard Newman, center, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Trader Gregory Rowe wears a Dow 20,000 cap as he works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Associated Press Specialists Dilip Patel, left, and Patrick Murphy work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. The Dow Jones industrial average is trading over 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The Dow Jones industrial average leaped across the 20,000 mark for the first time Wednesday, propelled by good news on earnings and faith in President Donald Trump. The market pierced the record mark as Trump spent his first days in office clearing the way for two oil pipelines, taking steps to cut regulation and cracking down on illegal immigration. Solid earnings from Boeing and other big companies added to investors’ glee as they sent the Dow up 155.80 points to 20,068.51, a 0.8 percent gain. “The big driving factor is Trump, and animal spirits,” said David Ott, chief investment officer at Acropolis Investment Management in Chesterfield. “He’s doing his stuff. More uncertainty is being taken out of the market,” said analyst Juli Niemann of Smith Moore & Company in Clayton. “He’s saying the right things.” U.S. stocks closed solidly higher, lifting the Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite to record highs of their own for the second day in a row. The S&P 500 rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Banks and other financial companies led the gainers, which included technology and industrials. Real estate, phone companies and other high-dividend stocks lagged the broader market as bond yields rose. The small-company Russell 2000 picked up 13.23 points, or 1 percent, to 1,382.44. “It’s a psychological event to get through that big hurdle, that big round number,” said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank’s Private Client Reserve. “It’s really symbolic of what’s going on with investor sentiment becoming much more positive, and that’s going to drive stock prices higher.” The Dow has gained nearly 10 percent since Trump’s election. The rally began after election day, then stalled out last week before taking its climb Wednesday. The market rose as Trump on Wednesday signed two orders potentially less friendly to business — one that would build a wall on the Mexican border, and another cracking down on undocumented immigrants already in the U.S. But investors are focusing on Trump’s other promises — lower taxes, more government spending and less regulation — which may lead to higher company profits. They are paying less attention to his threats to tax imports from Mexico and China, perhaps sparking a trade war. “His cabinet picks have lent some calm to the market,” said Ray Saleeby, money manager at Saleeby and Associates in Creve Coeur. Goldman Sachs veteran Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary and billionaire businessman Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary show that Trump appointees will understand business, Saleeby said. Trump marked the moment with a tweet from the official account of the office: “Great!#Dow20K.” The market has been marching steadily higher since bottoming out in March 2009 in the aftermath of the financial crisis. The rally continued after the Nov. 8 election. The Dow first closed above 10,000 on March 29, 1999. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area “Whether it’s tax reform or infrastructure spending, any of those tend to be optimistic conversations for the markets currently,” said Darrell Cronk, president of Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “We have to wait and see how they play out, obviously. The danger here, if there is one, is that the market gets ahead of itself a little bit.” That trepidation has caused investors to pull money out of stock funds — even as the Dow made its march toward 20,000 — and depend instead on safer bond investments. Last year, investors pulled a net $27.1 billion out of U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, according to Morningstar. A year earlier, they yanked $66.5 billion. Over the same time, investors plugged a total of $218.6 billion into taxable bond funds. Anyone who resisted the urge to dump their stock investments through all the tumult of the last decade is now seeing the full benefit of a market with the Dow at 20,000. A $10,000 investment in the largest U.S. stock mutual fund made a decade ago, before the Great Recession began, would have dropped below $5,000 by March 2009. But investors who held on even for about 7 years through the worries of another recession hitting, U.S. debt downgrade, the euro crisis and uncertainties over Britain’s departure from the European Union would now be sitting on nearly $20,000. Reuters and The Associated Press contributed. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow 20,000? Whoop. De. Doo. But to anybody who's serious about finance, the prospect of Dow 20K is strictly yawnsville. ABOUT THE DOW JONES Below is a list of facts about the index on its climb to the historic 20,000 level: The Dow Jones industrial average was created by Charles Dow and launched in 1896. It was designed to cover all industries, with the exception of transportation and utilities. At its inception, the Dow consisted of only 12 "smokestack" companies — suppliers of consumer goods and basic materials such as American Sugar and National Lead. It expanded to 20 components on Oct. 4, 1916. Since Oct. 1, 1928, it has comprised 30 U.S. "blue-chip" companies. One of the original 12 components of the Dow was St. Louis-based Laclede Gas, but the utility was dropped in 1899. International Shoe Co., another St. Louis-based manufacturer, was in the Dow briefly, from 1932 to 1933. Tobacco manufacturer Liggett & Myers, which was based in St. Louis in the early 20th century, also was briefly in the Dow, from 1930 until 1932. General Electric Co. is the only current component that was one of the original 12 in the index. The industrial conglomerate was removed twice, in 1898 and 1901, but returned to the index each time in subsequent changes. Apple Inc. was the most recent addition to the index, replacing AT&T Inc. on March 19, 2015. Apple is the largest company in the index, with a market capitalization of more than $638 billion. Travelers Cos. Inc. is the smallest, at about $33 billion. The biggest daily point gain for the index was Oct. 13, 2008 — less than a month after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy protection — when the Dow rose 936.42 points. The biggest one-day percentage gain was 15.34 percent on March 15, 1933, in the midst of the Great Depression. The biggest point decline for the index was a drop of 777.68 on Sept. 29, 2008. On a percentage basis, the worst day for the Dow was Oct. 19, 1987, also known as "Black Monday," when it fell 22.61 percent (508.32 points). It has taken only 42 market sessions for the index to climb the next 1,000 points from the first close above 19,000, the second-fastest rise between 1,000-point milestones in the Dow's 120-year history. The quickest pace was the 24 trading days between 10,000 and 11,000 in 1999. The longest stretch between such milestones was the 3,630 days needed for the index to close above the 2,000 barrier on Jan. 8, 1987. Sources: S&P Dow Jones Indices, Thomson Reuters 1,000-POINT MILESTONES The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time Wednesday, two months after its first close above 19,000. Here are other times the Dow first closed above other 1,000-point milestones. 1,000: Nov. 14, 1972 2,000: Jan. 8, 1987 3,000: April 17, 1991 4,000: Feb. 23, 1995 5,000: Nov. 21, 1995 6,000: Oct. 14, 1996 7,000: Feb. 13, 1997 8,000: July 16, 1997 9,000: April 6, 1998 10,000: Mar. 29, 1999 11,000: May 3, 1999 12,000: Oct. 19, 2006 13,000: April 25, 2007 14,000: July 19, 2007 15,000: May 7, 2013 16,000: Nov. 21, 2013 17,000: July 3, 2014 18,000: Dec. 23, 2014 19,000: Nov. 22, 2016 20,000: Jan. 25, 2017 Source: S&P Dow Jones Indices Dow's slow climb from 10,000 to 20,000 It took just 42 sessions for the Dow to climb between 19,000 and 20,000, the second-fastest rise between 1,000-point milestones in the average's 120-year history. But longer-term, the Dow's performance appears less impressive. Its ascent from 10,000 to 20,000, doubling in value, has been sluggish compared to the time it took for the Dow to double in value three times in the late 1980s and 1990s. It's taken nearly 18 years for the average to double after it closed at 10,000 in early 1999 at the height of the dot-com boom. Source: Reuters Dow close Month Years between doubling 625 April 1959 30 1,250 September 1983 24 2,500 July 1987 4 5,000 November 1995 8 10,000 March 1999 3 20,000 January 2017 18 Tags Dow Jones Economics Bank Accounting Stock Market Finance Jim Gallagher Follow Jim Gallagher Close Get email notifications on Jim Gallagher daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jim Gallagher posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jim Gallagher Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Amazon to begin charging sales tax in Missouri Animal shelter no longer welcome at Chesterfield Mall Nicklaus: Right-to-work won't magically create jobs in Missouri Canada to Mexico on NAFTA: You might be on your own St. Louis board approves mosque development in historic district — with no wall Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section St. Louis bolsters ties to Israeli startups with new Ameren tech partnership St. Louis Fed launches new forecasting game Post-Dispatch offers buyouts to employees Mallinckrodt completes sale of nuclear imaging business Art Museum promotes curator of Egyptian collection Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces We have the most in-depth local news coverage Find the dream job you are looking for Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Fears That Visa Ban Will Hurt Allies and Bolster Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” Russian Arrests Pose Tantalizing Clue in Election Hacking By ANDREW E. KRAMER The appearance of news on the arrests in four prominent publications suggested that the Kremlin may be prepared to reveal more about the matter. People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. The First Week: A Flurry of Action, and Some Missteps By CHARLIE SAVAGE, PETER BAKER and MAGGIE HABERMAN 9:20 PM ET President Trump’s first week in office has seen its stops and starts, but one thing is certain: There is no lack of ambition, or effort, on his part. 2:13 Watch: A First Week Fact-Check By DAVE HORN, MEG FELLING and ELSA BUTLER In Private, G.O.P. Agonizes Over Health Law Repeal By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN 9:12 PM ET An audio recording of a closed-door meeting reveals concerns that contrast with the confidence party leaders and President Trump express in public. Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By JONATHAN MARTIN 10:29 PM ET The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry By VICTOR MATHER and NAILA-JEAN MEYERS Ms. Williams will meet her sister, Serena, in the Australian Open final Saturday. In eight previous Grand Slam finals between the sisters, Serena has won six. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Anti-Abortion Marchers Draw Inspiration From an Unlikely Source Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Judge Allows Lawsuit Against Psychologists in C.I.A. Torture Case Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian stocks up after… Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone By ALEX VEIGA January 25, 2017 11:23 pm Share SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian shares advanced Thursday as investors cheered the Dow Jones industrial average’s first ever close above the 20,000 milestone. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.6 percent to 19,368.40 and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.9 percent to 2,086.37. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index advanced 1.4 percent to 23,365.01. The Shanghai Composite index rose 0.1 percent to 3,153.77 and benchmarks in Southeast Asia were also higher. Australian and Indian markets are closed for holidays. ANALYST’S TAKE: “Asian markets are slated for higher prices in the day with the jubilance from Wall Street and ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG in Singapore. “Into the end of the week, Asian markets excluding Japan have been showing substantial resilience.” Free e-book on the state of identity management in government. Download now WALL STREET: The Dow’s breaking through the 20,000 mark on Wednesday was the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite also touched record highs of their own for a second day in a row. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, gained 155.80 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,068.51. The S&P 500 index rose 18.30 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,298.37. The Nasdaq added 55.38 points, or 1 percent, to 5,656.34. Advertisement OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil added 45 cents to $53.20 per barrel in New York. The contract fell 43 cents to close at $52.75 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 49 cents at $55.91 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 113.38 yen from 113.19 while the euro was steady at $1.0757. Topics: Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian stocks up after… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing shares jump on strong fourth-quarter results, 2017 forecast News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing shares jump on strong fourth-quarter results, 2017 forecast Boeing Co posted quarterly profit and operating cash that beat analysts' estimates, and promised an even better performance in 2017, thanks to "relentless" cost cutting, rising productivity and U.S. President Donald Trump's pro-business agenda. Posted 25 Jan 2017 20:50 Updated 26 Jan 2017 03:10 Boeing Co's logo is seen above the front doors of its largest jetliner factory in Everett, Washington, U.S. January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Boeing Co posted quarterly profit and operating cash that beat analysts' estimates, and promised an even better performance in 2017, thanks to "relentless" cost cutting, rising productivity and U.S. President Donald Trump's pro-business agenda. Boeing stock jumped nearly 5 percent to US$168.50 on Wednesday after the company said it expects to generate a record US$10.75 billion in operating cash this year. The sum is up from a record US$10.5 billion in 2016 and well above the US$10.4 billion that analysts had forecast for 2017, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The Chicago-based aerospace and defense company forecast 2017 core earnings of US$9.10 to US$9.30 a share, which exclude some pension and other costs, up from US$7.24 in 2016. Cost-cutting and productivity gains fueled Boeing's strong performance and forecast, and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said he sees no signs of a slowdown on that front. "This will be a relentless effort going forward," he said on a conference call, referring to Boeing's efficiency drive. "While we've made some strong strides over the last couple of years, and you see it reflected in the performance, we have much more ahead of us than what's behind us." Orders for new jetliners have slowed sharply after peaking in 2014. Boeing and rival Airbus have focused on streamlining factories to lower costs and drive profits. Boeing has also benefited from lower costs for parts for its 787 as the plane reaches key production milestones. It delivered its 500th 787 in December. Boeing expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, topping 748 deliveries in 2016, likely enough to keep the title of world's biggest plane maker. Boeing said its outlook showed confidence in its ability to continue smooth operating performance and cost-cutting while raising plane output. Some analysts questioned whether the cash performance will last into 2018, after Boeing cuts production of its 777 by 40 percent this year, begins assembly of the successor 777X model and goes into full production of the KC-46A aerial refueling tanker. Boeing said it took an aftertax tanker-related charge of US$201 million in the fourth quarter due to initial production problems. "And that's not assuming any change in end-market demand, where trends have arguably been weakening," Robert Stallard, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, wrote in a note to clients. Boeing said deliveries of its smaller 737 and 737 MAX models will make up for the decline in 777 production. And it suggested the upward trend in performance won't falter. "Over the remainder of the decade, we continue to expect to see revenue, earnings, and cash flow growth," Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said on the call. The forecast includes a planned increase in the 787 production rate, which has been in question as sales have slowed. Muilenburg said recent meetings with President Donald Trump's show a pro-business attitude that should help Boeing. "I give a lot of credit here," he said. "President Trump has had business leaders at the table. He's listening, he's engaging and is making decisions that will help us grow the economy and ultimately grow U.S. manufacturing jobs." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Additional reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Jeffrey Benkoe) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Dow Reaches New Record High Above 20,000 - U.S. Commentary 1/25/2017 10:37 AM ET Stocks have moved mostly higher in early trading on Wednesday, adding to the gains posted in the previous session. With the upward move, the Dow has climbed above 20,000 for the first time, while the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 have also reached new record highs. Currently, the major averages are hovering firmly in positive territory. The Dow is up 129.99 points or 0.7 percent at 20,042.70, the Nasdaq is up 36.71 points or 0.7 percent at 5,637.66 and the S&P 500 is up 12.30 points or 0.5 percent at 2,292.37. The strength on Wall Street comes as stocks continue to benefit from optimism about U.S. economic growth under new President Donald Trump. Trump has signed several executive orders designed to boost the economy, including orders reviving the controversial Keystone XL and Dakota pipeline projects. Buying interest has also been generated in reaction to earnings news from companies such as aerospace giant Boeing (BA). Boeing is currently up by 3.6 percent after reporting fourth quarter results that exceeded analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Computer hardware stocks have shown a substantial move to the upside, driving the NYSE Arca Computer Hardware Index up by 4.3 percent. With the jump, the index has reached a nearly two-year intraday high. Hard disk maker Seagate Technology (STX) has helped to lead the sector higher after reporting better than expected second quarter results. Housing, trucking, and networking stocks are also seeing significant strength, while gold stocks are bucking the uptrend amid a drop by the price of the precious metal. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region moved mostly higher during trading on Wednesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index jumped by 1.4 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index rose by 0.4 percent. The major European markets have also moved to the upside on the day. While the German DAX Index has surged up by 1.9 percent, the French CAC 40 Index is up by 1.2 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is up by 0.3 percent. In the bond market, treasuries are seeing modest weakness but have climbed off their lows of the session. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is up by 2.4 basis points at 2.495 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Roughly Flat For Second Straight Day - U.S. Commentary Stocks Continue To Lack Direction In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Lower On Bank Weakness Stocks Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Turn In Another Lackluster Performance - U.S. Commentary Wall Street May Open Broadly Higher Sensex, Nifty Extend Gains For Fourth Day European Shares Drift Lower Amid Mixed Earnings Reports Asian Shares Mostly Higher In Thin Holiday Trade European Stocks Set To Open Mixed Amid Lack Of Triggers Sensex Up 170 Points In Early Trade; Nifty At 8649 Asian Markets Mostly Higher Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower On Mixed Global Cues Thai Market Likely To See Resistance At 1600 Little Movement Expected For Indonesia Shares <<Previous        63 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 24° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mainly cloudy with snow showers around this morning. High 29F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 50%.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries are possible. Low around 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) AP Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Jan 25, 2017 Updated Jan 25, 2017 0 Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business Earnings Estimates Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Reports Earnings Surprises × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: AMV, LLC moves to former PACAL Industries site Seasonal fudges are a hit for Coon Valley Candy Co. No unauthorized immigrants? Manufacturing, hospitality workforces would struggle Dow hits historic 20,000: Does it mean anything? Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Boeing Co. (BA) Has Risen To A New High After Q4 Earnings Beat Expectations 1/25/2017 9:50 AM ET Boeing Co. (BA) reported fourth quarter core EPS of $2.47 Wednesday morning, compared to $1.60 in the previous year. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $2.35. The company expects to report full year 2017 core EPS of $9.10 to $9.30. Street expectations are for EPS of $9.31. Boeing gapped open sharply higher Wednesday morning and is now up 3.60 at $164.15. The stock has climbed to its second consecutive new high for the year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The World's 10 Most Productive Nations, Ranked Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February In Memorium: Business Giants We Lost In 2016 Previous Story Next Story Momentum Ashland Inc. (ASH) Has Climbed To A 4-Month High After Q1 Earnings Beat Eco-Stim Energy Solutions (ESES) Is Spiking Higher On Contract News Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Has Leaped To A New High On Strong Q2 Earnings OSI Systems Inc. (OSIS) Has Broken Out To A New High On Q2 Results VMware Inc. (VMW) Has Risen To A New High After Q4 Earnings Beat Expectations Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) Has Gapped Open Sharply Lower After Q1 Report Wynn Resorts Ltd. (WYNN) Is Up Sharply Despite Weaker Than Expected Q4 Profit Carbo Ceramics Inc. (CRR) Has Surged To A 5-Month High After Q4 Report Royal Caribbean Cruises (RCL) Has Jumped To A New High After Q4 Profit Beat Whirlpool Corp. (WHR) Is Pulling Back After Q4 Profit Disappoints United Rentals (URI) Has Surged To A New High After Strong Q4 Report Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Is Climbing On Better Than Expected Q4 Earnings Sherwin-Williams Co. (SHW) Is Surging After Q4 Report Charter Communications Inc. (CHTR) Has Jumped To A New High On Verizon Interest CommVault Systems Inc. (CVLT) Is Losing Ground After Q3 Report <<Previous        38 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Boeing Co. (BA) Surged To A New High On Better Than Expected Q4 Earnings The Boeing Q4 16 Earnings Conference Call At 10:30 AM ET Boeing Q4 Results Beat View; But Sees FY17 Results Below Estimates The Boeing Co. Q4 Earnings Rise 63% Boeing Q4 16 Earnings Conference Call At 10:30 AM ET Trade BA now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed McDonald's Sells All Of Its Nordic Restaurants Tim Hortons Coming To Mexico Chevron Turns To Profit In Q4, But Results Miss Estimates Air Products Sees Q2, FY17 Adj. EPS Below Market View; Says Cautious On Outlook Tesco To Buy Food Wholesaler Booker In £3.7 Bln Cash, Stock Deal; Stock Up UBS Stock Dips On Lower Q4 Net Profit; Maintains Dividend Microsoft Q2 Profit Tops Street On Cloud Growth Alphabet Q4 Profit Misses Street Ford GT Will Be The Company's Fastest Car Ever Predictions, Gainers, Losers Ford Q4 Adj. Profit Misses Estimates Caterpillar Q4 Loss Widens; Cuts FY17 Outlook Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In February Brookfield Canada Office Properties Forms Special Committee To Evaluate Offer Yahoo Reportedly Faces SEC Probe Over Data Hacking Gainers & Losers Of The Day: GNVC, NVIV, CLRB. AQB, BIOA... Elon Musk: Tesla Hardware Revisions Coming On Regular Basis Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, MRNS, BIOA, APTO, PULM... IMGN Marches Forward, FDA Nod For ZLTQ, Knight Lends Shine To PLX Skittles Spill On Highway, Were Destined For Cattle Feed Freshii Planning Sweeter IPO HP Announces Huge Battery Recall For Overheating Risk Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Huawei Watch 2 Rumors Heating Up Minerals Technologies Names Matthew Garth CFO SAP Raises Outlook As Q4 Profit Climbs Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Announces 26% Fall In Q3 Earnings Sea Lice Leads To Spike In Salmon Prices Bob Evans Farms Announces Sale Of Bob Evans Restaurants; To Focus On BEF Foods HP Expands Recall Of Laptop Batteries Due To Fire Hazard LG Electronics FY16 Net Profit, Sales Down; Operating Income Rises United Rentals To Acquire NES Rentals For Approx. $965 Mln - Quick Facts Royal Caribbean Cruises Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates Heinz Gives Salaried Workers Off The Day After Super Bowl Apple Files $1 Bln Lawsuit Against Qualcomm 500.com Announces Changes To Board; Chairman Man San Law Steps Down Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Capitalize on Boeing Co (BA) Stock Earnings With This Trade Boeing stock is flying high after a boffo earnings report By Tyler Craig, Tales of a Technician  |  Jan 25, 2017, 9:50 am EST     Popular Posts: 3 Bullish Stock Charts That Scream “Buy Me!” International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock Is Stretched — Here’s How to Profit Recent Posts: Apache Corporation (APA) Stock Is Going to Fly Higher International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock Is Stretched — Here’s How to Profit Capitalize on Boeing Co (BA) Stock Earnings With This Trade View All Posts Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) shares are flying high in early morning trading following better-than-expected earnings. The aerospace juggernaut posted earnings of $2.47 per share, which easily surpassed analyst estimates of $2.32. Today’s gains are adding an exclamation point to the ascent that began last Halloween. BA stock was up 17% since staging a major breakout over $138. The multi-month rally was sufficient in turning the price trends higher across all time frames. A quick glance at the accompanying price chart will reveal rising 200-day, 50-day and 20-day moving averages. Click to Enlarge Source: OptionsAnalytix Heading into this morning’s release, Boeing stock had been consolidating for weeks, which shouldn’t be surprising given the Dow Jones Industrial Average‘s recent inability to breach the pivotal 20,000 level. As one of the Dow’s largest components, today’s earnings-induced pop for BA may well be the catalyst needed for the long-awaited breakout. How to Capitalize on the Boeing Stock Launch Following this morning’s earnings release, we should see implied volatility drop into the basement for BA stock options. And that means what was expensive before earnings has now become cheap. I suppose the aggressive crowd could scoop up call options to capitalize on further upside in Boeing shares, but I’m going to suggest a lower-risk route. At $160, BA options are more expensive than most lower-priced stocks. Fortunately, we can cut the cost by purchasing a call spread instead. If you’re willing to bet the uptrend continues over the coming months, buy the April $165/$170 bull call spread for around $1.80. The vertical spread consists of buying to open the $165 call while selling to open the $170 call. The max risk is limited to the initial $1.80 net debit and will be lost if Boeing stock sits below $165 at expiration. The max reward is limited to the spread width minus the net debit, or $3.20, and will be captured if the stock can rise above $170 by expiration. By risking $1.80 to gain $3.20, the strategy offers an impressive 178% return on investment. At the time of this writing, Tyler Craig held no positions on any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/boeing-stock-earnings-beat/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 30° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy this evening with more clouds for overnight. Low near 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 9:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) AP Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Jan 25, 2017 Updated Jan 25, 2017 0 Brad Nettles FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. Tags Wire Business Earnings Estimates Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Reports Earnings Surprises × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muskie girls show mettle but fall short against No. 9 Knights Friday's prep report PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, Jan. 20 Thursday's prep report Seniors relays shine as Muskies swimmers sweep triangular More on this topic Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows Bolivia: 19 miners trapped inside mine are rescued Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular World wide support, respect grows for Devin Martz Muscatine residents demonstrate in Des Moines Women's March Sale of a school: Washington Elementary gets a new life Greg H. Mullen "Slow equals fair," Muscatine City Attorney says Anthony ‘Tony’ James Steckman Starting conversations: addressing homelessness in Muscatine Ministry and service in times of great need: Martha Lang ordained as priest Port of Muscatine: City studies the feasibility of building a container port 1 dead in mining accident near Buffalo Currents +24 National Photos: Scenes of destruction after deadly storms slam south Movies 15 famous movies that got their start at the Sundance Film Festival +7 World Photos: Electric-tape bikinis in Brazil Porter, Wall keep Wizards hot in blowout win over Hawks Goran Dragic leads Heat to 6th straight, 100-88 over Bulls Holiday, Davis lead Pelicans past Sprus 119-103 Lowry scores 32, Raptors end skid with 102-86 win over Bucks TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Anchor confronts man behind voter fraud claim Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Live Look From the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Cam Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Boeing Sees More Airliner Deliveries, Lower Defense Revenue By david koenig, ap airlines writer DALLAS  Jan 25, 2017, 1:14 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Boeing Sees More Airliner Deliveries, Lower Defense Revenue " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture After New Rape Lawsuit, Baylor Says Made 'Great Progress' " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Putin Consults His Security Council Before Talking to Trump " Mumps Outbreak Worsens in Washington State " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Georgia Town Leaders Apologize for 1940 Lynching " In Iowa, Trump Voters Cheer Changes, Dismiss Petty Fights " Ivanka Trump's Son Crawls for First Time in White House " Holocaust Site Spurs Questions on Young Germans' Changing Views " How Trump's Memorandum Could Boost Military Readiness " Philadelphia Mayor: Trump's Remarks an 'Insult' to Police " New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say " Little Girl Befriends Baby Cow Who Lost Its Mom " NASA Opens Exhibit on 50th Anniversary of Apollo 1 Fire " FBI Offers Up to $10K Reward for Information in Murder of ABC Chicago Producer in Belize " 'Hamilton' Actors to Sing 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl LI " Inside Taylor Swift's $25 Million Beverly Hills Mansion " 'Bear' the Dog Hoping to Find a New Forever Home
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 37°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Friday, January 27, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds NewsFeed with Zuri Berry, Joe Dwinell Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue Associated Press Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) comments DALLAS — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. More On: Boeing Co Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories automotive Car lobby pushing Bay State pols to back self-driving autos jordan graham business & markets One big old jet airliner herald staff business & markets donna goodison business & markets US economic growth slowed in Q4, but there's hope ahead associated press Trending Now Baker vetoes pay raise for lawmakers; will likely be overruled Grieving mom calls out grandstanding pols Cops: 3 used Shriver home on Cape Cod to sell fentanyl Special Report: Boston sex offenders too easy to lose Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Police: Beaumont man arrested for 900 grams of drugs Pres. Trump sends thank-you note to local business owner Highway 87 reopens following train derailment in Port Arthur Police: Store clerk shoots Silsbee man accused of theft US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Class ring lost by WWII vet 73 years ago returned to family A&E Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles The royal scoop: Documents from King George III go online North American rhapsody: Queen, Lambert tour; no record yet Novel evokes tragedy of Jewish passengers on the St. Louis Grammys, CBS to honor Bee Gees with tribute concert cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Will Davis gearing up for first Lamar baseball practice Southeast Texans in Super Bowl LI Willie Ray Smith Awards finalists announced Ozen basketball coach Marquis Saveat placed on administrative Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Trump's approval of Keystone XL could bolster SETX economy Kroger to add thousands of workers nationwide Crystal Beach resident to open Bolivar's first gym Delta Downs debuts $45 million expansion Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 1-27-17 'Toon Time 1-26-16 'Toon Time 1-25-17 'Toon Time 1-24-17 Cars Jobs Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, Million-dollar homes on the market in Beaumont Historic cattle ranch, vineyard south of Kirbyville on the market Calder Place-area homes on the market Find & Save MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/texas/article/Boeing-beats-4Q-profit-forecasts-10882400.php Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue David Koenig, Ap Airlines Writer Updated 12:18 pm, Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Photo: Brad Nettles, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) less FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) ... more Photo: Brad Nettles, AP Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue 1 / 1 Back to Gallery DALLAS (AP) — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. FindTheCompany | Graphiq "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump — more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Art3d 12x12" Peel and Stick Backsplash for $5 + free shipping WalmartPosted 16 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Clearance: Extra 50% off + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 16 hr 50 min ago SHOP NOW Quill Winter Brewing Event: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $45 QuillPosted 8 hr 56 min ago SHOP NOW VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription for $39 StackSocialPosted 1 day 16 hr ago Top Stories Former Baylor student files new lawsuit alleging rape DPS: Rangers investigate officer-involved shooting in Newton Co. PAPD: Man dies after getting trapped under vehicle President Trump sends thank-you note to local business owner Port Arthur highway reopened following train derailment Astrodome joins Alamo as historical state landmark Judge rules on injunction regarding abortions in Texas First lady featured on controversial magazine cover Local News Police: Beaumont man arrested for 900 grams of drugs DPS: Rangers investigate officer-involved shooting in Newton Co. Pres. Trump sends thank-you note to local business owner PAPD: Man dies after getting trapped under vehicle Highway 87 reopens following train derailment in Port Arthur Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 1/25/2017 12:14 PM Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close FILE - In this Tuesday, Feb. 16, 2016, file photo, an engine and part of a wing from the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing's North Charleston, S.C., facility are seen outside the plant. Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) Associated Press   By DAVID KOENIG     DALLAS -- Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business, and it forecasts that deliveries of commercial jets will rise in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing said Wednesday that it expects full-year earnings in 2017 to be roughly in line with analysts' forecasts, although its revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets. The shares rose more than 4 percent in afternoon trading. On a call with analysts and reporters, Boeing executives spoke positively about the potential for higher defense spending, lower taxes and less regulation under the new administration. They even downplayed the sting of President Donald Trump's tweets and comments last month about the high price of new Air Force One planes. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada's Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. Boeing will counter by delivering the first of a new, upgraded 737 in a few months. And Boeing's government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets, which the company blamed on the timing of some aircraft deliveries. Boeing took another write-down on a key tanker program that has been plagued by design issues including problems with the refueling boom. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said Pentagon and congressional support for Boeing's key defense programs remains solid. And he said he welcomed Trump's comments last month about one of the company's most familiar products. Boeing is in the design stage of work on customizing 747 jumbo jets to replace the current Air Force One fleet. Trump tweeted "costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" That led to a meeting between Muilenburg and Trump at Trump Tower. "We had some targeted discussions, well-publicized discussions on things like Air Force One and fighter aircraft," Muilenburg said. "I think those were very productive discussions as well. This is all about making sure we're providing best capability ... at best affordability, best value for our taxpayers. We're exactly on the same page there." Jeff Windau, an analyst for Edward Jones, said there could be a push and pull under Trump - more defense spending but also pressure to cut prices. "While we're positive on defense spending improving, if there is more focus on those costs and trying to drive down the prices, it could pressure some of the profitability of the defense contractors," Windau said in an interview. He rates Boeing shares at "hold." Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, compared with the FactSet survey average of $9.25 per share. The company pegged revenue at between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $7.67, or 4.8 percent, to $168.22 in afternoon trading. Tweet This article filed under: Business Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate An engine of the 100th 787 Dreamliner to be built at Boeing’s North Charleston, South Carolina, facility in February 2016. (Brad Nettles/The Post And Courier via AP, File) Boeing sees more airliner deliveries, lower defense revenue Wed Jan 25th, 2017 6:22am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press CHICAGO — Boeing Co. beat Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter profit despite a slump in revenue from its defense business. The company forecast Wednesday that deliveries of commercial airplanes will rise slightly in 2017 after slipping last year. Boeing expects full-year earnings in 2017 to range between $9.10 and $9.30 per share, roughly in line with analysts’ forecast of $9.25 per share. The company’s revenue prediction fell short of Wall Street targets, however. Boeing and European rival Airbus have boomed in recent years from global economic growth, better profitably among major world airlines, and a rise in travel in developing markets, especially Asia, all of which have raised demand for jets. Jet fuel prices spiked twice in the past decade, creating a rush for more fuel-efficient planes. And low interest rates made planes more affordable. Both big plane makers have order backlogs that will last for years. However, they are likely to face more competition in the next few years for sales of their workhorse models, the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Canada’s Bombardier and Russia and China are in various stages of delivering similar-sized, single-aisle jetliners. And Boeing’s government business could come under increasing cost pressure. Boeing predicted that 2017 revenue from its defense and space business could fall by up to 5 percent, including a drop in sales of military jets. The company was stung last month when then-President-elect Donald Trump blasted the cost of replacing the Boeing 747 jumbo jets used as Air Force One presidential planes. “Costs are out of control, more than $4 billion,” Trump tweeted. “Cancel order!” CEO Dennis Muilenburg visited Trump at Trump Tower to assure him the company will work to reduce the program’s costs. Boeing said Wednesday that net income in the fourth quarter was $1.63 billion, up 59 percent from a year earlier. Excluding certain pension expenses, the company said it earned $2.47 per share from its core businesses. That surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 18 analysts surveyed by FactSet and 10 by Zacks Investment Research was $2.34 per share. Revenue fell 1 percent to $23.29 billion, which was better than the FactSet forecast of $23.13 billion but below the Zacks average of $23.45 billion. For 2017, Boeing predicted that revenue will be between $90.5 billion and $92.5 billion with declines expected in both the commercial and defense sides of the business. The FactSet analysts expect $92.96 billion. Boeing expects to deliver 760 to 765 commercial aircraft, which would be an increase over the 748 delivered in 2016. Boeing said it has a backlog of more than 5,700 aircraft with a sticker value of $416 billion, although airlines routinely get discounts. Shares of Boeing were up $2.57, or 1.6 percent, to $163.12 in trading before Wednesday’s opening bell. The shares have increased 3 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 index has climbed roughly 2 percent. The stock has climbed 29 percent in the last 12 months. Most Read Investigation continues into massive Lynnwood blaze LYNNWOOD — It could be weeks before investigators determine what may have… Jan 26th, 2017 by Rikki King and Ian Terry Deputies, neighbors team up to roust squatters near Everett EVERETT — In their own way, the squatters were fairly sophisticated. They… Jan 27th, 2017 by Rikki King Couple taxed, but only part of their land is in transit district SNOHOMISH — Cheryl Carlson was surprised last month to receive a letter… Jan 26th, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 suspects crash stolen car after high-speed chase in Monroe EVERETT — A Gold Bar man allegedly bragged that he reached speeds… Jan 26th, 2017 by Scott North Snohomish High asks students to get smart about trash SNOHOMISH — There was a lot of trash talking at Snohomish High… Jan 26th, 2017 by Eric Stevick © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Boeing beats 4Q profit forecasts     By The Associated Press January 25, 2017     CHICAGO - Boeing Co. (BA) on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter net income of $1.63 billion. On a per-share basis, the Chicago-based company said it had net income of $2.59. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring gains, came to $2.47 per share. The results surpassed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $2.34 per share. The airplane builder posted revenue of $23.29 billion in the period, falling short of Street forecasts. Five analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $23.45 billion. Boeing expects full-year earnings in the range of $9.10 to $9.30 per share, with revenue in the range of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. Boeing shares have increased 3 per cent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has climbed roughly 2 per cent. The stock has climbed 29 per cent in the last 12 months. _____ This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BA at https://www.zacks.com/ap/BA _____ Keywords: Boeing, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business Chicago Boeing Company         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   BizVibe Textile and Apparel News: Growth of E-commerce to Continue Indefinitely The Better Software Company Solves Missing Piece to the Franchising Puzzle; Exhibits at the International Franchise Association’s 2017 Convention Global Point-of-Care Testing (POCT) Market Trends and Forecast to 2024: Market is Expected to Reach USD 38.2 Billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 9.5% - Research and Markets           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Earnings Beat Estimates, but Outlook Could Raise Questions By Paul Ausick January 25, 2017 8:40 am EST Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) reported fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 results before markets opened Wednesday. For the quarter, the aerospace company posted adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.47 on revenues of $23.29 billion. In the same period a year ago, the company reported $1.60 in EPS on revenues of $23.57 billion. Fourth-quarter results also compare to consensus estimates for EPS of $2.35 and revenues of $23.19 billion. For the full year, Boeing reported EPS of $7.24 and revenues of $94.57 billion, compared with 2015 EPS of $7.72 and revenues of $96.11 billion. The company guided 2017 adjusted EPS at $9.10 to $9.30 and GAAP EPS at $10.25 to $10.45. Boeing expects full-year revenues in the range of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion and operating cash flow of about $10.75 billion. Analysts have forecast first-quarter 2017 EPS at $2.17 and revenues at $22.11 billion. For the full year, analysts are looking for EPS of $9.31 and revenues of $93.09 billion. Commercial jet deliveries are forecast at 760 to 765, up about 2% compared with 748 deliveries in 2016 and back to the delivery level of 2015. Commercial revenues are forecast at $62.5 billion to $63.5 billion for 2017, compared with $65.07 billion in 2016. The forecast for higher deliveries and lower revenues indicates that pricing may challenged, both for existing orders and for new orders coming in. Defense division revenue is expected to range between $28 billion and $29 billion, and operating margin is forecast at about 11.5%, up from 10.2% in 2016 and in line with fourth-quarter operating margin of 11.8%. Boeing’s deferred production costs on the 787 program fell to $27.31 billion, down by $210 million sequentially. Tooling and other non-recurring costs for the program also declined, from $3.71 billion at the end of the third quarter to $3.63 billion. Boeing delivered a total of 185 commercial jets in the fourth quarter of 2016, up by 2% compared with 182 deliveries in the same period last year. This year’s total of 748 commercial jet deliveries is down 2% from last year’s total of 762. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said: We led the industry in commercial airplane deliveries for the fifth consecutive year, achieved healthy sales in our defense, space and services segments, and produced record operating cash flow, which fueled investment in innovation and our people and generated significant returns to shareholders. Looking forward, our team is intent on accelerating productivity and program execution to deliver increasing cash and profitability from our large and diverse order backlog of nearly $500 billion, standing up our new integrated services business, and capturing an even greater share of the growing global aerospace market to deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and employees. During the quarter, the company repurchased 3.7 million shares for $500 million and paid $672 million in dividends. For the full year, Boeing repurchased 55.1 million shares for $7 billion and paid $2.8 billion in dividends. In December Boeing raised its dividend payment by 30% and topped up its $14 billion buyback program. As of Tuesday’s close, the company’s dividend yield is 3.6%. The stock traded up about 0.8% in Wednesday’s premarket, at $161.81 in a 52-week range of $102.10 to $160.93. The consensus price target as of last night was $161.70. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « 5 Merrill Lynch Top Large-Cap Energy Ideas to Buy With Earnings on Tap Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alcoa, AK Steel, CenturyLink, Coach, Hyatt, JetBlue, Southwest Air, Transocean, Verizon, Wal-Mart and More » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Earnings, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? AstraZeneca's Symbicort Granted Pediatric Exclusivity by FDA U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa 50 Groups To Learn About If You’re Committed To Intersectional Feminism Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alcoa, AK Steel, CenturyLink, Coach, Hyatt, JetBlue, Southwest Air, Transocean, Verizon, Wal-Mart and More By Jon C. Ogg January 25, 2017 8:55 am EST Print Email Tweet Stocks rallied on Tuesday and were indicated higher on Wednesday. In fact, the Boeing report may even help the Dow challenge the elusive 20,000 mark on Wednesday. Despite the bull market being almost eight years old, investors are still willing to buy the pullbacks, and they are still looking for new and overlooked opportunities. Regardless of the start of 2017, there is still a path to DJIA 21,422 in late 2017 or early 2018. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these analyst research reports cover stocks to buy, while some others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Most of the following analyst calls include some color, and Thomson Reuters was used for consensus analyst price target data. Oddly enough, none of Tuesday’s Keystone pipeline winners were in the upgrades and downgrades. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Wednesday, January 25, 2017: Alcoa Corp. (NYSE: AA) was up 3.3% to $37.50 ahead of earnings and was indicated up another 2.6% at $38.48 on Wednesday morning. Alcoa was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $45 price target at Citigroup, and Deutsche Bank raised it to Hold from Sell with a $30 target. AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE: AKS) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at JPMorgan. Shares were down almost 6.6% at $8.68 on Tuesday and were down another 4% at $8.31 on Wednesday’s early indications. AK Steel has a 52-week trading range of $1.85 to $11.39, and it had a consensus analyst target price of $10.14. CenturyLink Inc. (NYSE: CTL) was raised to Hold at Jefferies, and the target price was raised to $26 from $20 (versus a $25.57 prior close). The Level 3 acquisition is said to make the dividend more secure in the near-term, and the combination was shown to be leading to meaningful financial benefits and earnings accretion. CenturyLink has a 52-week range of $22.86 to $33.45, and the consensus target price is $28.08. Coach Inc. (NYSE: COH) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at Atlantic Equities. It also was downgraded to Outperform at CLSA. Coach closed up 3.7% at $36.75 on Tuesday and was indicated down 1.2% at $36.30 on Wednesday. The 52-week range is $32.95 to $43.71, and it has a consensus target price of $43.28. Hyatt Hotels Corp. (NYSE: H) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $60 price target (versus a $54.50 close) at Berenberg. Hyatt has a 52-week range of $37.00 to $58.05 and a consensus target price of $55.44. JettBlue Airways Corp. (NASDAQ: JBLU) was raised to Overweight from Neutral with a $27 price target (versus a $21.42 close) at JPMorgan. JetBlue has a 52-week range of $14.76 to $23.67 and a consensus price target of $26.17. Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight with a $55 price target (versus a $49.65 close) at JPMorgan. Southwest Airlines has a consensus target price of $59.10 and a 52-week range of $33.96 to $52.20. Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) was raised to Neutral from Underweight with a $13.70 price target (versus a $14.92 close) at Piper Jaffray. Shares closed up 1.1% on Tuesday and were indicated up another 0.8% at $15.04 on Wednesday. Transocean has a 52-week range of $7.67 to $16.66 and a consensus price target of $12.75. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) had a worse earnings reaction that we have seen in recent memory, falling 4.4% to $50.12, and shares were indicated down another 0.8% at $49.70 on Wednesday. Verizon was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with a $52 target price at FBR Capital Markets. Argus maintained its Buy rating and $60 target price on Verizon. The 52-week range is $46.01 to $56.95, and the consensus target price is $53.27. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) was started with a Market Perform rating at Wells Fargo. Wal-Mart closed up 1.1% at $67.40 on Tuesday and was indicated up another 0.2% at $67.58 on Wednesday. Wal-Mart also has a 52-week range of $62.35 to $75.19 and a consensus analyst target of $74.05. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your own feed. Tuesday’s top analyst upgrades and downgrades included Apple, Boeing, CSX, Deere, Humana, Potash Corp., Suncor Energy and many more. By Jon C. Ogg « Boeing Earnings Beat Estimates, but Outlook Could Raise Questions Freeport-McMoRan Misses on Both Top and Bottom Lines » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:AA), AK Steel Holding Corp (NYSE:AKS), Coach (NYSE:COH), CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL), Hyatt Hotels (NYSE:H), JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU), Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV), Transocean, Inc. (NYSE:RIG), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? AstraZeneca's Symbicort Granted Pediatric Exclusivity by FDA U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa 50 Groups To Learn About If You’re Committed To Intersectional Feminism Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Boeing tops estimates but offers soft outlook By Anne Steele Published: Jan 25, 2017 8:44 a.m. ET Share By AnneSteele Boeing Co. reported much better-than-expected earnings in the final quarter of the year, but the plane maker offered a disappointing forecast for 2017. The world's largest aerospace company by sales sees full-year adjusted per-share earnings between $9.10 and $9.30 a share. That's just below the average analyst estimate for $9.31, according to Thomson Reuters. Revenue is expected between $90.5 and $92.5 billion, including between 760 and 765 commercial deliveries. Analysts are looking for $93.09 billion. Still, revenue slid less than expected in the latest quarter and shares added 1.4% premarket to $162.85. In all, Boeing posted a fourth-quarter profit of $1.63 billion, or $2.59 a share, up from a year-earlier's $1.03 billion, or $1.51 a share. Excluding items, the company earned an adjusted profit of $2.47 a share, topping analysts' estimates for $2.35 a share. Revenue edged 1.2% lower to $23.29 billion. Analysts had predicted $23.19 billion in sales. Boeing also said Wednesday that it will take another charge -- $312 million in total pretax across two of its segments -- on the military refueling tanker program that has already cost the plane maker about $2 billion in write-offs. The write-off continues a run over the past year on Boeing's commercial and military programs, just as the company prepares for a big boost in jetliner production and the rollout of three new passenger jet models over the next three years. The KC-46A Pegasus tanker is Boeing's largest defense program and has been hit by design and manufacturing issues that have triggered three charges over the past year and left the project more than 40% past its original budget, delaying first deliveries to the U.S. Air Force now expected in August. The latest charge follows sharp criticism of the cost of military programs by President Donald Trump that drew a commitment from Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg to cap the cost of the two 747 jets it plans to build to replace the existing Air Force One fleet. Boeing is building the first tranche of Pegasus refueling jets under a fixed-price deal that leaves it to pay for any cost overruns. It secured a $2.8 billion deal last year for 18 of the planes, based on its 767 passenger jet, and expects to sell an initial 179 to the Pentagon, with a forecast global market for around 400 of the planes. The first Pegasus planes are due to be delivered in August. Write to Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com and Doug Cameron at doug.cameron@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Here's How to Hack a Hotel Room Thermostat Melania Trump Speaks at Inaugural Armed Services Ball Trump Orders Wall at Mexican Border Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
