null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Boeing plans buyouts, layoffs for engineers in first of three cuts for 2017 Originally published January 10, 2017 at 1:30 pm Updated January 10, 2017 at 5:53 pm Boeing unveiled Tuesday a new round of buyouts for engineers companywide, and warned that layoff notices will follow later for engineers in Washington state. Two more rounds are likely later this year. A similar buyout offer is expected Wednesday for some production workers. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing announced internally on Tuesday a new round of employee buyouts for engineers companywide, and warned that layoff notices will follow later this month for engineers in Washington state. Management did not disclose a target for the number of projected job cuts. Last month, company vice chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA), Kevin McAllister, warned that further employment reductions loomed in 2017. John Hamilton, BCA vice president of engineering, sent a memo on the job cuts shortly after noon Tuesday to all BCA engineering employees, managers and executives. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share program Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Full coverage: Seahawks knocked out of playoffs with 36-20 loss to FalconsUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “As we enter 2017, our plan calls for us to reduce our engineering staff,” Hamilton told employees. “I realize some of this news is unpleasant. But I wanted to respect your right to know what is occurring this year.” Hamilton’s memo states that details of a buyout offer will be sent on Friday to engineering employees in eligible skill classifications. The last workday for those who accept the buyout will be April 21. A similar buyout offer is coming on Wednesday for certain classifications of blue-collar production workers, said Connie Kelliher, spokeswoman for the International Association of Machinists (IAM) union. The engineering buyout package will be offered to employees in Washington state, Southern California and South Carolina. Hamilton’s message also said 60-day involuntary layoff notices — affecting only engineering employees in Washington — will be sent out Jan. 20, with layoffs effective March 24. Those layoffs will involve employees in the skill classifications that were offered a buyout package last year, he said. This year’s buyout offer is going out mostly to employees in different skill classifications. There will be further involuntary layoffs if not enough people accept the offer and it falls short of Boeing’s cost-saving target. Hamilton said that there will be two additional rounds of buyouts and layoffs in engineering later this year. The extent of the follow-on job cuts “will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” he said. “We continue to operate in an environment characterized by fewer sales opportunities and tough competition,” Hamilton said. “The decision to lower the production rate on the 777 program announced in late December underscores that environment and what we need to do to help Boeing win.” Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said the workforce reductions will be achieved where possible through attrition and voluntary buyouts before involuntary layoffs. He said the company will also “aggressively reduce overall spending in 2017 in nonlabor areas.” Ray Goforth, executive director of Boeing’s white-collar engineering union — the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA) — said the process Boeing is following in cutting jobs was worked out in the discussions that led to last year’s surprise agreement to a new six-year SPEEA contract. “This is all stuff we negotiated into that contract,” Goforth said. “We knew the company was going to lay off significant numbers of people. We wanted to make it as painless as possible.” Last year, a combination of leaving open positions unfilled, buyouts and layoffs slashed the Boeing workforce in Washington state by 7,357 jobs — a 9.3 percent reduction. Of those, 1,200 employees were represented by SPEEA. That figure included 350 forced layoffs, or just less than 30 percent of the SPEEA cuts. The IAM’s Kelliher said her union’s membership dropped by 2,100 members in 2016, with no forced layoffs. The latest issue of the IAM newspaper AeroMechanic lists more than 460 machinists who retired in the last couple of months, many of them having taken buyouts. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Boeing tops Airbus jet deliveries by $15B in 2016 Previous Story US agency issues safety warning for 1 type of small airplane Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale State of Alaska Department of Revenue Sells 1,270 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet State of Alaska Department of Revenue decreased its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 2.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 48,300 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 1,270 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $6,363,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth $136,000. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth $142,000. Finally, Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 25.5% in the second quarter. Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA now owns 1,155 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 235 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.47% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $159.07. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,288,511 shares. Boeing Company has a 12 month low of $102.10 and a 12 month high of $160.07. The company has a market cap of $98.17 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.31 and a beta of 1.05. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $154.60 and its 200 day moving average is $139.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.89. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The firm had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.73 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.52 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.59%. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/10/state-of-alaska-department-of-revenue-sells-1270-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Argus boosted their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Citigroup Inc. reduced their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, September 19th. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $155.00 to $150.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $147.85. In other Boeing Company (The) news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in SLM Corporation (SLM) Next » AMN Healthcare Services Inc (AMN) General Counsel Denise L. Jackson Sells 22,144 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, January 16, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Filmfare Awards 2017: ‘Dangal’, Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt bag top honors Alleged mastermind of Kardashian heist charged in Paris Local Bazaar Returns To Help Center Jeddah Explore The Royal Opera House Muscat   Book Review: Public Governance and Strategic Management Capabilities: AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Airbus narrowing gap with Boeing Business Airbus narrowing gap with Boeing Jan 11, 2017 337 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter File photo shows the tail end of an Airbus A321 plane at the US manufacturing facility in Mobile, Alabama. — AFP PARIS — Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with arch-rival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to accelerate deliveries sharply in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company›s informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing, but its growth contrasts with a 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its U.S. nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is the latest evidence that planemakers are racing to whittle down big order backlogs and hoard cash as they face a potentially worsening slowdown in orders that began in 2015. Boeing temporarily eased output last year to make way for a new model but, like Airbus, plans to increase production of its best-selling aircraft. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares in Europe›s largest aerospace company clawed back losses to end up 0.2 percent in a weaker Paris market. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus›s December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. “I was amazed,” said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal for 72 jets with India›s GoAir. It may announce a $6.4 billion order for 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas, two sources said. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing›s 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney. That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets – the most cash-generating models – to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe›s troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world›s largest four-engined jets. The program took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. SOURCEReuters TAGS arch-rival Boeing SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleRiyadh Metro on track despite cuts: Builder Next articleMeryl Streep overrated? Clooney, Streisand blast Trump for attack on decorated star Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Turkish Airlines records sustained annual growth Boeing supports Kingdom’s learning disability courses VIDEO: Saudi Media Tour to Seattle with Saudia and Boeing NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,530,997FansLike 41,946FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Salman decorates Felipe VI of Spain with King Abdul Aziz Medal Jan 16, 2017 More efforts pledged to defeat Daesh Jan 16, 2017 Thousands of housing units for Saudi citizens Jan 16, 2017 Bahrain’s PM receives chairman and members of Arab Gulf Journalists’ Union Jan 16, 2017 Over 1,400 Saudis left govt jobs last year Jan 16, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? Big players are starting to make big moves as the energy markets gain some certainty -- here's what you need to know. Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM A few days ago, BP (NYSE:BP) announced plans to acquire gas company Kosmos Energy (NYSE:KOS) in a $916 million deal. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly explain what this will mean for BP, why the oil giant is looking more attractive for investors than it has in a while, and why Foolish investors might want to take a closer look at the company sometime soon. Also, the hosts talk about President Obama's action to permanently ban oil drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic, and share four energy and industrials stock picks for the end of the year. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 22, 2016. Sean O'Reilly: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, December 22nd, 2016, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined on air today by my podcasting partner in crime, Mr. Taylor Muckerman. What's the good word, Taylor? Taylor Muckerman: Missing you in the studio, my man. O'Reilly: I'm sorry, I already had to travel home. They had a travel deal and I couldn't pass it up. Muckerman: I get it. O'Reilly: I'm home for the holidays. Muckerman: Happens to the best of them. O'Reilly: It does. And I am the best. So, anxious to get your thoughts on what BP has been up to. OPEC has cut production, BP has been one of the more farsighted of the oil majors. Break it down for us. Muckerman: Yeah, this is a company that we highlighted a few weeks back as one of the majors that people might want to stay tuned into, and they're showing why. They're becoming much more gas heavy with the latest $916 million investment in Kosmos Energy. They're obviously growing in natural gas after an acquisition in Egypt last month. So this is just adding to that portfolio after they've been selling off assets over the last few years, ever since the Macondo spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I think they sold off around $50 billion in assets, trying to help pay off that $60 billion in fines, fees, and whatnot that came with that unfortunate mishap in the Gulf of Mexico. So they're finally done shedding assets, and they're starting to add more things on the books. Leaning more toward natural gas, though. O'Reilly: Yeah. I have two ways I want to talk about this. One, I was surprised to learn that BP and its partner, Kosmos Energy, they're vesting $1 billion each. That $2.2 billion deal is only going to be 10% of this oil/gas field that's in the United Arab Emirates. That's a large field. Muckerman: It is. You're talking about a very significant increase in their accessible assets here now, on the gas side of things. It seems like $1 billion here, $1 billion there. But BP is definitely gearing up to ramp up production in the near and long-term future. They've already been talking about a $9-billion gas project internally. This is just adding onto that. O'Reilly: This is just guessing here, but I was surprised that BP was investing to get such a minority stake. Was the price that good? What do you think was the thinking here? Muckerman: Not only is the price seemingly alright, but they're going to be the operator. They're going to be the one doing the drilling in the exploration. From that point of view, I think that's a benefit, because all things to do with Macondo and the Gulf of Mexico disaster aside, BP is very experienced in oil and gas exploration production. So I think you now have the player that should be producing these assets at the wheel. I think that's one of the bigger things you need to pay attention to with this deal with Kosmos Energy. O'Reilly: How should Foolish investors interested in the energy space be thinking about this? When I see something like this, I see, it would be awesome if we could be all clean energy, everybody doing solar and wind and all that, but at the end of the day, that's actually very difficult, and it's going to require trillions of dollars. Is natural gas the segue to get us there? It does seem like more and more people are using it, and it is slightly cleaner than oil. Can you add some color here? Muckerman: Yeah. When you look at global energy production, we'll start with the U.S., in particular, natural gas overtook coal as the leading producer of electricity and power here in the United States this year for the first time ever. I don't expect that to look back, because we're producing gas at such a level that prices have remained subdued for some amount of years now. But we can produce it profitably. If you look at Europe, several countries there are talking about being completely done with coal over the next one to two decades. They don't really produce a lot of natural gas. They do have the assets there, but they haven't allowed those assets to be produced. So natural gas from other parts of Asia, and the U.S., in particular, are going to be needed. Since we now have exportation of LNG on the table -- with Cheniere [Energy] down in Texas and a few more trains probably coming online from them in the next couple of years -- and then Cove Point LNG here on the East Coast, perfectly geared toward delivering natural gas to Europe. And with this field over in Africa, even better access to a market that's not producing an energy source that they need. O'Reilly: Awesome. Before we move on, what do you think of BP's stock these days? You have the 6%-7% yield, it's still at a multi-year low, the lowest level since the Deepwater Horizon spill. What's your thinking there? Muckerman: You've seen it bounce back a little bit from the new year, but that has been an industry trend, not necessarily BP in specific. But yeah, it was trading over $50 a share in the middle of 2014. Right now, it's right around $37 a share. That dividend yield is very enticing. Because of all those assets they sold off, it's fairly secure. I think, you look at this company, it's a large cap, diversified. I think focusing on natural gas is definitely going to pay off in the long run, especially as you see major oil producers and major oil-producing countries still trying to figure things out. A lot of scrambling going on. And there's a lot less uncertainty, I think, about the future of natural gas at the moment. O'Reilly: Awesome. Thanks for that, Taylor. Next topic here, Obama's last drilling stand. He cited a 1950s law when he did this. Before he's leaving office in a month, he decided to ban drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic. Should investors in this space care? Is this surprising? What's the deal here? Muckerman: It's been used before, but never in such a permanent fashion. The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953. He's basically taking the Northern Arctic and some of the Atlantic Shelf off the table, in terms of potential drillable assets. No one owns these yet, but it takes off the ability of any future president to put these up for auction in these blocks out in the Northern Arctic and Atlantic Shelf. But as of right now, I don't think it's that big of a deal. There's been lawyers on the environmental side that say, "This can never be retracted." Then you have a representative from the American Petroleum Institute saying, "Oh yeah, they're going to lawyer up, we're going to get this repealed." Depending on which way you want to go. I think you're probably going to see President-elect Trump, once he's in office, try to repeal this, because he did run on a platform of expanding U.S. fossil-fuel production, and there supposedly are pretty vast reserves in the North Arctic. You saw Shell give it a go for a couple years, but they have since backed out after spending nearly $10 billion preparing and trying to drill. They did drill, they didn't find exactly what they were hoping to. Then you saw, prior to that, they had a rig run aground up there in Alaska. It's a very treacherous environment up there, in terms of oil drilling. So not only that, but it is also quite costly, in terms of dollar per barrel.  O'Reilly: That's what I was going to mention. He's banning ridiculously expensive oil in the first place. Muckerman: Yeah, this is long-tail oil. This is not something we're going to need in the next handful of years, maybe even a decade or two. If you look at how Shell is doing, or how OPEC has been able to continue to increase their production, obviously they're cutting starting in January, but there's plenty of excess capacity that's much cheaper out there. I think, it might take lawyers a few years to get this all sorted out. But I don't think there's going to be a sudden moment where everyone has their tails between their legs because we're running out of oil, and this 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic and 115 million acres in the Arctic are going to be needed. I think it's quite the big hullabaloo right now because, when you say a forever ban, that's a pretty big deal, and no one has done it yet in the history of the United States. But at least he's not banning oil that's more easily accessible, and that won't cost triple digits per barrel to produce. O'Reilly: Right. Really quick, before we move on, to our understanding, this doesn't even affect any publicly traded companies. Muckerman: Yeah, to my understanding, no. Obviously, the prospects that they could have been on some of these blocks in the future. That's hard to determine. You would imagine it would be a major integrated, because only Shell has tried so far, that I can think of, and it didn't turn out very well at all for shareholders. O'Reilly: No, it didn't. Muckerman: Maybe this is actually a good thing for shareholders, because it's going to not allow these companies to take this risk until it's absolutely necessary. O'Reilly: For sure. OK. Well, before we head out, Taylor, I want to get a couple of stock picks from you. I came up with two, as well, for everybody's stockings. Do you want to go first, or should I? Muckerman: We can go one and one, then one and one if you want. O'Reilly: I like it. Muckerman: OK. I'll go first. We've been talking about oil, but we do say this is an energy, materials, and industrials show. So, my first stock is going to come from the industrials sector. Speaking of aerospace... that's Boeing (NYSE:BA). Despite President-elect Trump's Twitter rant about the high price of new Air Force Ones, I still think that Boeing is a great stock to check out for the long term. Maybe that brief sell-off is providing a little bit better opportunity for long-term investors. It has a great free-cash-flow yield. You're looking at over 7% based on FY15 free cash flow. So, even higher, if you look at the increase for FY16, fiscal year 16. They've made some changes that I think are going to be beneficial for the long term, create a floor for some of their production lines. They cut the production of their 777s to 3.5 planes per month starting in about 2018. So, unlikely to get any lower. It gives analysts creating their price targets and folks like you and I that can understand that, if there's a floor there, there's how much more upside with limited risk. They've been hiking their dividend, authorized a $14 billion share repurchase policy. About 80% of their backlog is fixed and priced already through 2020. A few years of foresight there. And one major thing I do want to bring up is, they brought on a new CEO of their Boeing Commercial Aircraft division, which provides around 70% of Boeing's revenue, only expected to grow as a portion of that, because they're in discussion about Boeing Global Services, a new services segment that they're really bullish on. The new CEO just happens to come from GE, where he ran GE Aviation Services. So he has great experience, an outside perspective... O'Reilly: That's the guy you would want. Muckerman: Yeah, exactly. He's coming from a company like GE that has probably dealt with quite a few, if not all, of Boeing's competitors in the space, so he's going to have some insider knowledge there. Holiday appropriate, his name is Kevin McCallister. O'Reilly: Boom. Love it. Hopefully he doesn't set too many traps for everybody. Muckerman: For the competitors would be fine. O'Reilly: The competitors, yeah. Real quick, I'll be brief, I wanted to highlight Crescent Point Energy (NYSE:CPG). They are a Canadian oil producer. Muckerman: Yes, they are. O'Reilly: I'm anxious to get your thoughts. Muckerman: If folks want to read more about it, fool.ca, we have plenty of coverage.  O'Reilly: Yeah, there you go. They are primarily based, correct me if I'm wrong, in western Canada, as well as a few northern U.S. states, North Dakota, and Montana. They might also be in Colorado. Muckerman: Yep. O'Reilly: I've been very impressed with them. I did a deep dive on them last week. They increased production this last year by 10%, even though they were cutting their capex budget. They have been free-cash-flow positive throughout the entire downturn in the last 12 months. They generated free cash flow of 240 million CAD. They trade at a discount to their peers like Suncor Energy and Imperial Oil. They trade for about 1.6 times tangible book value. These guys are 0.97 times. If you're a believer in a bit of an oil rebound, I would highly recommend checking them out. Muckerman: Perfect, yeah. I can't argue too heavily against that selection. As I mentioned, fool.ca, you can check out all we have to talk about in Canada about CPG. My second stock, reverting right back to the energy sector, not a producer, but I'm going with Enbridge (NYSE:ENB), also a Canadian company, but you can buy it in the U.S. You don't have to go up to the TSX to acquire shares of Enbridge. CPG is also traded in the U.S. I'm looking at this company because they're becoming much more balanced in terms of their pipeline throughput, they're lowering their liquids from about 84% to 49%, because the acquisition of Spectra Energy, which is a much more natural gas-heavy pipeline company. I see tons of synergies here. Expectations to grow the dividend per share by about 15% in 2017, up from their previous targets. Then they're targeting, still, a double-digit increase through 2024 per year, and that's between 10%-12%. If you love dividend growers, along with a company that could also accelerate the share-price growth, then I think Enbridge is a great place to look. I'm a Spectra shareholder, so while I wish I could have just held Spectra, I'm still going to hold those Enbridge shares when it finally goes through, just to maintain that access to Spectra's valuable assets on the East Coast, which is fairly underserved in the natural gas market. O'Reilly: Awesome. My final pick here I wrote about in an article on fool.com, which was recently posted, 3 Oil Stocks to Buy Just in Time for the Holidays. My pick was Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL). These guys are primarily offshore. They have some onshore shale drilling. I believe the [...] was out of Colorado, but they shut that down when the downturn started. They're primarily focused now on the Gulf of Mexico here in the U.S. and the Mediterranean. They have a huge field over there in the Eastern Mediterranean. They are also off the coast of Africa. Low-cost producer because they have these long-tail projects, and they're increasing barrels of oil equivalent production this year 6%. I think they're probably going to come in at about 425,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day this year when all is said and done. They'll be cash-flow breakeven this year. I've been very impressed with their ability to keep a lid on costs throughout the obvious uncertainty they've been dealing with. They are part of the natural gas global trend we were talking about earlier. They recently signed a contract with Jordan's National Electric Power Company to supply natural gas from that huge field in the Mediterranean. I think it's called the Leviathan Field. How's that for a name? Muckerman: It speaks to the size of the asset base there, Leviathan. O'Reilly: Yeah, it's appropriate. For those of you that are curious, they're probably going to lose money this year on a GAAP basis, but as we all know, there are all kinds of fun write-offs on there. But they'll probably be earning $3-$3.50 a share at the end of the decade. I highly recommend checking out Noble. Muckerman: We covered the gamut there. We have a pipeline, the biggest in North America, once they combine, offshore drilling, Canadian producer with some U.S. assets, and one of the bigger aerospace manufacturers in the world. O'Reilly: Wow, that's a diversified portfolio right there. Drop in some Johnson & Johnson and you're good to go. Muckerman: Yeah. And there's some dividends right there for you. O'Reilly: Yes sir. Well, thanks for your thoughts, Taylor! Have a great holiday! Muckerman: Yeah. Same to all of our listeners out there. O'Reilly: That is it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you. Just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on this program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear on this program. For Taylor Muckerman, I am Sean O'Reilly. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Follow @t_Muckerman Taylor is an Associate GM in our Fool International operations. Prior to that he covered all things Energy + Materials as an analyst. Over the years, he has built an investing skill set to rely on when evaluating companies inside and out. While at the Fool, he has made appearances on CNBC and Fox Business. In addition, he completed his MBA at the University of Maryland and will sit for the Level II CFA Exam. Article Info Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Enbridge NYSE:ENB $43.27 up $0.18 (0.42%) BP NYSE:BP $37.66 down $0.10 (-0.26%) Noble Energy NYSE:NBL $37.39 up $0.21 (0.56%) Kosmos Energy NYSE:KOS $6.54 down $0.09 (-1.36%) Crescent Point Energy Trust Units NYSE:CPG $12.67 down $0.01 (-0.08%) Read More Will Southern Company Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Price of Silver in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Here's How Much Gasoline the Average American Consumes Annually Why GameStop, Hovnanian Enterprises, and Ryerson Holding Slumped Today Price of Gold in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? #stocks $BA, $ENB, $BP, $NBL, $KOS, $CPG
News Tech Health Planet Earth Space Strange News Animals History Human Nature Live Science News Tech Health Planet Earth Space Strange News Animals History Human Nature Live Science News Tech Health Planet Earth Space Strange News Animals History Human Nature Live Science Space Air Force's Mysterious X-37B Space Plane Wings by 600 Days in Orbit By Leonard David, Space.com's Space Insider Columnist | January 10, 2017 01:18pm ET MORE An Air Force X-37B robotic space plane is shown after it landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The fourth mission of the program is now underway and just passed 600 days in Earth orbit. Credit: USAF/Boeing The U.S. Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane has now spent 600 days in Earth orbit on the vessel's latest mission, and is nearing a program record for longest time spent in space. The robotic X-37B lifted off atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on May 20, 2015, kicking off the program's fourth space mission (which is known as Orbital Test Vehicle-4, or OTV-4). If the uncrewed spacecraft spends 74 more days aloft, it will break the duration record set during OTV-3, which touched down in October 2014. [The X-37B's Fourth Mystery Mission in Photos] But it's unclear how long OTV-4 will last, or just what the X-37B is doing as it circles Earth; most details about the space plane's missions and payloads are classified. This SPACE.com infographic depicts the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is an unmanned space test vehicle for the USAF. See how the unmanned space drone works here. Credit: Karl Tate, SPACE.com Milestone record keeping The first OTV mission began on April 22, 2010, and concluded on Dec. 3 of that year, following 224 days of orbit. OTV-2 lifted off on March 5, 2011, and landed on June 16, 2012, after 468 days in orbit. The record-setting OTV-3 mission chalked up nearly 675 days in orbit, circling Earth from Dec. 11, 2012, until Oct. 17, 2014. All three previous OTV missions have come down to Earth at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, but that may change for OTV-4's landing, whenever it occurs. Heading for Florida? Progress has been made on consolidating X-37B space plane operations, including the use of NASA's Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida as a landing site for the robotic space plane. A former KSC space-shuttle facility known as Orbiter Processing Facility-1 (OPF-1) was converted into a structure that will enable the Air Force "to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV)," according to representatives of the aerospace giant Boeing. X-37B vehicle development falls under the control of Boeing Space and Intelligence Systems in El Segundo, California, which is Boeing's center for all space and experimental systems and government and commercial satellites. The Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office is leading the Department of Defense's OTV initiative, by direction of the under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics and the secretary of the Air Force. Fleet size To date, only two reusable X-37B vehicles have been confirmed as constituting the space plane fleet. The current OTV-4 mission is the second flight of the second X-37B vehicle built for the Air Force by Boeing. The U.S. Air Force's X-37B space plane waits in the encapsulation cell of the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle on April 5, 2010, at the Astrotech facility in Titusville, Florida. The vehicle launched on the first X-37B mission on April 22, 2010. Credit: U.S. Air Force The military space plane looks like a miniature version of NASA's retired space shuttle orbiter. The X-37B is just 29 feet (8.8 meters) long and 9.6 feet (2.9 m) tall, and has a wingspan of nearly 15 feet (4.6 m). For comparison, the space shuttles were each 122 feet (37 m) long, with wingspans of 78 feet (24 m). The X-37B has a payload bay about the size of a pickup truck bed that can be outfitted with a robotic arm. It has a launch weight of 11,000 lbs. (4,990 kilograms) and is powered in orbit by gallium arsenide solar cells with lithium-ion batteries. Payloads aboard Some payloads aboard the OTV-4 craft have been previously identified. For example, Aerojet Rocketdyne has said that its XR-5A Hall Thruster had completed initial in-orbit validation testing aboard the X-37B space plane. Also on board is a NASA advanced-materials investigation. Such test-bedding of equipment is one of the main purposes of OTV missions, along with the development of reusable-spacecraft technologies, Air Force officials have said.   "It remains a very useful way to test out things," Winston Beauchamp, deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for space, told Space.com last September during an American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) meeting in Long Beach, California. When asked about adding more X-37Bs to the nation's fleet, Beauchamp said that the current number of vehicles meets the Air Force's needs. Leonard David is author of "Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet," published by National Geographic. The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel six-part series, "Mars." A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Photos: X-37B Space Plane - The Orbital Test Vehicle The Most Dangerous Space Weapons Ever What Is X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle? Air Force TV Speculates | Video Science Newsletter: Subscribe Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US Subscribe SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Air Data Systems Market by End User, Aircraft Type, Component and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 By Published: Jan 10, 2017 11:58 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Jan. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- "Increase in demand for new aircraft is one of the most significant factor driving the growth of the air data systems market" The air data systems market is projected to grow from USD 579.7 million in 2016 to USD 762.9 million by 2021, at a CAGR of 5.65% during the forecast period. This growth is mainly attributed to factors such as increase in demand for new aircraft and emergence of new technologies. However, the high cost of air data systems for medium and small UAVs is anticipated to restrain the growth of this market. "The narrow body segment is estimated to have the largest market share" By aircraft type, the narrow body segment of the air data systems market is estimated to account for the largest market size in 2016. Increase in demand for regional aircraft is one of the driving factors for narrow body aircraft, globally. According to Boeing's Outlook 2016, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is 14,870. Asia and North America have the largest fleet of narrow body aircraft, with 4,540 and 4,010 aircraft respectively. By the end of 2035, the global fleet size of narrow body aircraft is expected to reach 32,280. The number of narrow body aircraft deliveries from 2016 to 2035 is expected to be 28,140, of which Asia is expected to account for almost 39.65% of the total expected deliveries by 2035. "The electronic unit segment is estimated to account for the largest share of the air data systems market" Based on component, the electronic unit segment is estimated to account for the largest share of 89.8% of the air data systems market in 2016. The electronic unit is a computing electronic device responsible for the crucial job of providing accurate information. "North America is estimated to account for the largest market share and is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period" Based on region, North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the air data systems market in 2016. Some of the major aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing (U.S.), Bombardier (Canada), Lockheed Martin (U.S.), Bell Helicopter (U.S.), and Sikorsky Aircraft (U.S.) among others are based in this region, and they generate huge demand for air data systems. North America is also estimated to dominate ADS market during the forecast period, both in terms of market share and CAGR. Break-up of profile of primary participants in the air data systems market: - By Company Type - Tier 1 – 30%, Tier 2 – 35%, and Tier 3 – 35% - By Designation – C Level – 32%, Director Level – 38%, and Others – 30% - By Region – North America - 27%, Europe – 18%, Asia-Pacific – 46%, and RoW – 9% Major companies profiled in the report include Honeywell International, Inc. (U.S.), United Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Rockwell Collins, Inc. (U.S.), Curtiss-Wright Corp. (U.S.), AMETEK, Inc. (U.S.), Astronautics Corporation of America (U.S.), Shadin Avionics (U.S.), Meggit Avionics (U.K.), Thommen Aircraft Equipment (Switzerland), and Aeroprobe Corp. (U.S.), among others. Research Coverage: This research report categorizes the air data systems market on the basis of aircraft type (narrow body, wide body, very large body, general aviation, regional transport, rotary wing aircraft, military transport, fighter jet, and UAV), component (electronic unit, sensors, and probes), and end user (civil and military). These segments and subsegments are further mapped across major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and rest of the world. Reasons to Buy This Report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analyses —industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the air data systems market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on air data systems offered by top players in the market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the air data systems market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative markets – the report analyzes the air data systems market across varied regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the air data systems market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of leading players in the air data systems market Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04603871-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/air-data-systems-market-by-end-user-aircraft-type-component-and-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300388711.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics OUR PRODUCTS NEWS TERMINAL READ MORE ORDER NOW Access to a large news base since 2006 News selected on topics and regions - oil and gas, business, politics, IT, the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region, Central Asia No banner advertising BANKING ANALYTICS READ MORE ORDER NOW Ranking of the Azerbaijani banking sector (ranking includes the information component of the banking sector, the main events of the world economy, the analytical review of the main indices of the banks which are being ranked) DAILY NEWS READ MORE ORDER NOW Latest news about the economy, politics, energy in the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region and Central Asia The news is sent to your e-mail daily OIL & GAS READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in the oil and gas sector Announcement of the beginning of construction work in the energy sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector News of the world companies in the field of oil and gas ENERGY PROJECTS REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Status of Azerbaijani offshore oil and gas projects Export of oil and oil products from Azerbaijan with indication of the route Information about the prices on oil and oil products in the country and abroad WEEKLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW Economic review of all sectors of the Azerbaijani economy Last week review Laws, orders and decrees in Azerbaijan for the week Tenders in the region for the week MONTHLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW General economic situation in Azerbaijan Prices and situation on Azerbaijan’s consumer market Investments in Azerbaijani economy IT sector of Azerbaijan Foreign trade of Azerbaijan BUILDING & LOGISTICS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW All news about construction sectors of Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia Statistics on cargo transportation Joint projects with international financial institutions for development of transport infrastructure of the regional countries IRAN ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in Iran’s oil and gas sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector New agreements and contracts on cooperation IRAN REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Iran's foreign trade Iran’s macroeconomic indices Indices of foreign economic activity Situation in Iran’s banking sector CENTRAL ASIA ECONOMIC OUTLOOK READ MORE ORDER NOW Macroeconomic indices of the region News about the transport sector Foreign economic activity News about construction and tenders CENTRAL ASIA ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Oil and gas sector in Central Asian countries Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector TENDER WEEKLY REPORT READ MORE ORDER NOW Information about tenders announced in Azerbaijan, Iran and Central Asia during a week. ORDER TRIAL VERSION CONTACT US E-MAIL: sales@trend.az PHONE: +994 50 669-48-84 CONTACT PERSON: Azad Abdulrahimzade RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Business Economy news Uzbekistan to buy 4 new Boeing Dreamliner aircraft 10 January 2017 20:40 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Tashkent, Uzbekistan, Jan. 10 By Demir Azizov – Trend: Uzbekistan Airways has signed a contract with Boeing to buy four 787-800 Dreamliner aircraft, the Uzbek national airline said Jan. 10. The aircraft will be delivered in 2019-2020. The cost of the contract is not disclosed. The agreement on the purchase of new Boeing Dreamliner aircraft was reached during the visit of Raymond Conner, Boeing vice chairman, to Uzbekistan in September last year. Currently, Uzbekistan Airways operates two 787-800 Dreamliner aircraft it received in 2016. Uzbekistan Airways’ fleet consists of 31 aircraft of western production. It conducts flights to over 20 cities in Europe, Americas, Middle East, Asia, 22 cities in the Commonwealth of Independent States and 11 domestic destinations. Tags: Uzbekistan Airways Related news Uzbekistan receives second Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner Economy news 7 November 2016 10:34 Uzbekistan Airways decreases passengers transportation Uzbekistan 31 October 2016 10:00 Feasibility study developed for construction of new int’l terminal at Tashkent airport Economy news 4 August 2016 16:06 Uzbekistan Airways reduces passenger transportation Uzbekistan 2 August 2016 17:48 Delayed Istanbul-Tashkent flight to be carried out June 29 Uzbekistan 29 June 2016 15:39 Uzbekistan Airways to launch regular cargo flights to Tehran Uzbekistan 23 April 2016 13:52 Uzbekistan Airways to buy aviation fuel via tender Uzbekistan 2 March 2016 15:32 Boeing, Uzbekistan Airways open center for repair of plane parts Economy news 1 February 2016 08:23 Boeing, Uzbekistan Airways open center for repair of plane parts Economy news 30 January 2016 11:12 Uzbekistan Airways increases passenger transportation Economy news 11 November 2015 13:56 Uzbekistan Airways entitled to make flights to EU countries Economy news 11 September 2015 18:10 Uzbek nat’l airline seeking materials for airfield maintenance Economy news 31 August 2015 19:40 Tashkent airport to get second int’l terminal Economy news 29 May 2015 09:16 Uzbekistan Airways to acquire Russian helicopter Economy news 31 January 2015 08:36 Uzbekistan Airways to acquire Russian helicopter Economy news 30 January 2015 17:48 Uzbekistan Airways reduces passengers transportation in 2014 Uzbekistan 26 January 2015 10:10 Uzbekistan selling number of western-produced aircraft Economy news 4 December 2014 12:48 Medical equipment for Ebola virus detection installed at Uzbek airports Uzbekistan 14 November 2014 17:37 Most popular Statement by members of Armenia-Azerbaijan Peace Platform One million tons of oil exported from Kazakh Kashagan field Iran’s tax revenues hit $18B in 8 months Kazakhstan to withdraw yellow level of terrorist threat Commentary Japanese companies leading in oil deals with Iran Iran prioritizes NE Tous project after cut in Turkmen gas Iran in shock following ex-president’s death About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2017 Trend News Agency Terms of use
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBT Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Special Editions GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Boeing Slicing 777 Production in 2017 Feature Photo: © Gordon Tipene | Dreamstime.com By Megan Hill - January 10, 2017 Boeing is cutting production of its long-range Boeing 777 planes in 2017. The company currently makes an average of 8.3 777s each month, amounting to around 100 per year. Boeing said it plans to cut back to five starting in August, and then 3.5 per month for 2018. Low demand seems to be the culprit. Boeing inked deals for 17 orders for 777s in 2016, down from 58 in 2015 and 283 in 2014. The company sells the aircraft for $160 million each. “The twin-aisle market is glutted,” Richard Aboulafia, analyst, Teal Group, in Fairfax, Va., told Reuters. “It will be painful, particularly since the 777 is their most profitable aircraft, and there will be further cuts to come.” Boeing may see job cuts this year as a result. Fiji’s Most Exclusive Luxury Getaway is Now Open Ten Golden Moments in Berlin Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Posts you may also like Switzerland Opening Longest Train Tunnel in the World 15 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Uber Facing Huge Financial Losses 15 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Day Cruise Connects Key West and Havana 14 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Alaska Airlines, Delta Air Lines Terminate Frequent-Flyer, Codeshare Agreement 14 Jan 2017 Feature 0 Comments Latest News JW Marriott Hotels & Resorts Introduces “The JW Treatment” Germany Testing Hydrogen-Powered Passenger Trains Aloft Opens In Riyadh SeaPort Airlines Goes Under JetBlue Self-Service Lobby Opens at John F. Kennedy International Airport More News Latest Deals Earn Bonus Choice Hotels Privilege Points Receive Up to a $100 Gift Card When Staying at IHG Take Advantage of Carlson Rezidor Hotels’ Elite Match Status More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy GT China Trazee Travel
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 16 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing reports 748 airplane deliveries, 668 net orders By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · January 10, 2017 Chicago, Illinois-based Boeing (NYSE: BA) recorded strong commercial delivery numbers in 2016 and achieved several airplane program milestones, the company said. The company delivered 748 commercial airplanes. Boeing booked 668 net orders, valued at USD94.1 billion at list prices. The backlog at the end of the year stood at 5,715 unfilled commercial orders. Airplane development programs continued to make progress in 2016. Key milestones for the year included the first flight of the 737 MAX, the opening of the 777X Composite Wing Center in Everett, Washington, and start of 787-10 final assembly in North Charleston, South Carolina. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. The company operates in five segments: Commercial Airplanes, Boeing Military Aircraft, Network & Space Systems, Global Services & Support, and Boeing Capital. Related posts Honeywell, EAD Aerospace achieve certification to install JetWave communications hardware on A319 aircraft January 13, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has received European Aviation Safety Agency certification for its JetWave high-speed satellite... Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for December 2016 January 13, 2017 Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA) has released preliminary passenger traffic statistics for December 2016, the... Delta Air Lines FY 2016 pre-tax income up 4% YoY January 13, 2017 Atlanta, Georgia-based Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has reported adjusted pre-tax income for the December... Southwest, NetJets pilots associations partner to reverse Norwegian Air foreign carrier permit January 13, 2017 The Southwest Airlines Pilots´ Association (SWAPA) is partnering with the NetJets Association of Shared Aircraft... Wheels Up to provide fleet team with Casper mattresses January 13, 2017 Wheels Up is collaborating with sleep startup Casper wherein Wheels Up will provide every pilot... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « SkyWest reports 5.9% decrease in block hours for December 2016 Alaska Airlines introduces Free Chat, Premium Class, more beverage options » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Position Raised by State of Tennessee Treasury Department January 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 376,982 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 15,233 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $49,663,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter valued at approximately $136,000. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.56% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $159.20. 185,896 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Boeing Company has a one year low of $102.10 and a one year high of $160.07. The company has a market capitalization of $98.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.33 and a beta of 1.05. The company has a 50-day moving average of $154.60 and a 200-day moving average of $139.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. The firm had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.52 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.59%. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 66.36%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/10/boeing-company-the-ba-position-raised-by-state-of-tennessee-treasury-department.html. Several analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Societe Generale set a $148.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Vertical Research initiated coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, October 28th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $147.85. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total transaction of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Hawaiian Airlines Carries Record 11 Million Passengers in 2016 News provided by Hawaiian Airlines Jan 09, 2017, 16:01 ET Share this article HONOLULU, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: HA), welcomed a record 11,050,911 guests in 2016, a 3.5 percent increase over the previous year. Hawai'i's largest and longest-serving airline today announced its system-wide traffic statistics for the month, quarter and full year ending December 2016. The record passenger count in 2016 marks 12 straight years of growth as the airline continues to expand its network and fleet, providing travelers with more options to fly to and within the Hawaiian Islands than any other carrier. In July Hawaiian launched daily non-stop service between Narita and Honolulu international airports, and last month it inaugurated triweekly service between Haneda and Kona international airports. This past summer Hawaiian added one A330-200 aircraft (bringing the company's A330 fleet to 23), and took delivery of two Boeing B717-200s in November and December for a total of 20 of the aircraft type. The company also operates eight Boeing 767s on transpacific routes and three turboprop ATR-42 through its interisland subsidiary, 'Ohana by Hawaiian. The carrier has recently unveiled several product investments to enhance the flight experience, including the debut of a new Premium Cabin featuring lie-flat seating and luxury amenities, additional Extra Comfort seating, and a first-class auction upgrade service called Bid Up. SYSTEM-WIDE OPERATIONS1 DECEMBER 2016 2015 % CHANGE PAX 927,521 904,647 2.5% RPMS (000) 1,336,613 1,243,733 7.5% ASMS (000) 1,589,264 1,508,217 5.4% LF 84.1% 82.5% 1.6 pts. QUARTER-TO-DATE 2016 2015 % CHANGE PAX 2,729,726 2,658,269 2.7% RPMS (000) 3,932,713 3,639,219 8.1% ASMS (000) 4,570,679 4,391,792 4.1% LF 86.0% 82.9% 3.2 pts. YEAR-TO-DATE 2016 2015 % CHANGE PAX 11,050,911 10,672,667 3.5% RPMS (000) 15,492,509 14,462,191 7.1% ASMS (000) 18,384,637 17,726,322 3.7% LF 84.3% 81.6% 2.7 pts. PAX Passengers transported RPM Revenue Passenger Miles; one paying passenger transported one mile ASM Available Seat Miles; one seat transported one mile LF Load Factor; percentage of seating capacity filled 1 Includes the operations of contract carriers under capacity purchase agreements. Fourth Quarter 2016 Guidance The Company expects to recognize a $5 million non-cash loss in non-operating expense from the translation of its foreign currency denominated bank accounts. In December, the Company announced its intention to early retire its fleet of Boeing 767 aircraft by the end of 2018 resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $45 - $50 million.  In addition, the Company completed an agreement with a third-party maintenance vendor for its Boeing 767 aircraft and expects to record an additional financial charge of approximately $21 million.  About Hawaiian Airlines Hawaiian® has led all U.S. carriers in on-time performance for each of the past 12 years (2004-2015) as reported by the U.S. Department of Transportation. Consumer surveys by Condé Nast Traveler, Travel + Leisure and Zagat have all ranked Hawaiian the highest of all domestic airlines serving Hawai'i. Now in its 88th year of continuous service, Hawaiian is Hawai'i's biggest and longest-serving airline, as well as the largest provider of passenger air service from its primary visitor markets on the U.S. Mainland. Hawaiian offers non-stop service to Hawai'i from more U.S. gateway cities (11) than any other airline, along with service from Japan, South Korea, China, Australia, New Zealand, American Samoa and Tahiti. Hawaiian also provides approximately 160 jet flights daily between the Hawaiian Islands, with a total of more than 200 daily flights system-wide. Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. is a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: HA). Additional information is available at HawaiianAirlines.com. Follow updates on Twitter about Hawaiian (@HawaiianAir) and its special fare offers (@HawaiianFares), and become a fan on its Facebook page (Hawaiian Airlines).   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hawaiian-airlines-carries-record-11-million-passengers-in-2016-300388045.html SOURCE Hawaiian Airlines Related Links http://www.hawaiianairlines.com Jan 12, 2017, 18:00 ET Preview: Hawaiian Airlines to Begin Nonstop Service Between Kaua'i and Hawai'i Island Dec 05, 2016, 07:00 ET Preview: Hawaiian Airlines Optimizes Fleet Plan My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 18:00 ETHawaiian Airlines to Begin Nonstop Service Between Kaua'i and... Dec 05, 2016, 07:00 ETHawaiian Airlines Optimizes Fleet Plan Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Earnings Forecasts & Projections You just read: Hawaiian Airlines Carries Record 11 Million Passengers in 2016 News provided by Hawaiian Airlines Jan 09, 2017, 16:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Has $4,500,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC held its stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 34,165 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Boeing Company (The) accounts for about 2.7% of Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $4,500,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Conning Inc. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 14.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 219,305 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $28,891,000 after buying an additional 27,132 shares during the period. Community Financial Services Group LLC raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the third quarter. Community Financial Services Group LLC now owns 51,711 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,812,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the period. Grimes & Company Inc. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 1.5% in the third quarter. Grimes & Company Inc. now owns 47,096 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,204,000 after buying an additional 684 shares during the period. Wagner Bowman Management Corp raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 2.9% in the third quarter. Wagner Bowman Management Corp now owns 5,245 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $691,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Finally, Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc. acquired a new position in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at approximately $202,000. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.49% on Monday, reaching $158.32. 2,839,400 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Boeing Company has a 1-year low of $102.10 and a 1-year high of $160.07. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $154.60 and its 200-day moving average price is $139.07. The company has a market capitalization of $97.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.19 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. The company earned $23.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company’s revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $2.52 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.59%. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s payout ratio is presently 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Has $4,500,000 Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/paradigm-financial-advisors-llc-has-4500000-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $148.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, September 23rd. Vetr raised Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Citigroup Inc. dropped their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group reissued a “positive” rating and issued a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, September 30th. Finally, Argus increased their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $147.85. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Welcome to Arab News Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes Saudi student survives attack in US Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion You are here Home Airbus may post 8% rise in 2016 deliveries Business & Economy Airbus may post 8% rise in 2016 deliveries Reuters | Published — Tuesday 10 January 2017 This file photo taken on June 18, 2015 shows an Airbus A380 airplane performing at the International Paris Airshow in Le Bourget, north of Paris. (AFP file photo) PARIS: Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with archrival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to sharply accelerate deliveries in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company’s informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing, but its upward trajectory contrasts with the 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its US nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is also the latest evidence that planemakers are boosting deliveries to whittle down record order backlogs and hoard cash as they face warnings of slowing demand later this decade. Boeing temporarily slowed output last year for industrial reasons but, like Airbus, plans further output increases. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus’ December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. “I was amazed,” said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal with India’s GoAir. It may also announce a significant order from Saudi carrier flynas. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing’s 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. Cash generation Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney. That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets — the most cash-generating models — to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe’s troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world’s largest four-engine jets. The program took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. Facebook STAY CONNECTED Follow @Arab_News Tweets by @Arab_News Download The App! Latest in Business & Economy Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day Scott Ozawa s Bluetooth enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he... US top court to weigh time limits on SEC recovery of illegal profits WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court agreed on Friday to hear a case involving a New Mexico based... Retail group launches training for entry-level job seekers NEW YORK Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal Mart... Prince Sultan honors Mobily Prince Sultan bin Salman chairman of Saudi Aviation Club honored Mobily for its exclusive... ENEC CEO highlights contribution to strategic sectors The Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation ENEC has participated in the inaugural Atlantic Council... UN, World Bank among World Government Summit participants The World Government Summit WGS has announced 10 new developments on the agenda of its upcoming... DAMAC completes Versace-designed homes in Beirut DAMAC Properties one of the region s largest luxury real estate developers announced that its... ADFD contributes $200m for King Hussein Medical City Abu Dhabi Fund for Development ADFD announced a AED735 million 200 million UAE grant earmarked... Egypt to cut subsidies, raise taxes CAIRO Egypt will make further cuts to energy subsidies raise taxes and seek more international... China’s major cities target slower growth in 2017 BEIJING Some of China s largest cities have witnessed slow economic growth in 2016 and the trend... China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as US lags DETROIT Electric cars will pick up critical momentum in 2017 many in the auto industry believe... The EU-Canada trade pact: Some key questions PARIS Every trade agreement produces winners and losers and the free trade deal between the EU... Around Arab News Paris meet tells Israel, Palestine: Refrain from unilateral steps PARIS A Middle East peace conference in Paris on Sunday warned Israel and the Palestinians... Iran ‘will not renegotiate N-deal’ DUBAI TEHRAN Iran will not renegotiate its nuclear agreement with world powers even if it faces... Davos has potential to be more than just hot air in a cold climate Travelers from the Arabian Gulf to the World Economic Forum s WEF 47th annual meeting which kicks... Royal visit a boost to Saudi-Spanish ties RIYADH The three day visit to Saudi Arabia by Spain s King Felipe Vl is a shot in the arm for... Kingdom-Spain ties: Both countries share common stances on many issues RIYADH Saudi Spanish relations are based not only on traditional friendship and mutual respect... Outstanding results for talented Saudi students in Malaysia camp RIYADH Students from the Talented Center are representing Saudi Arabia at the global camp in... Health Ministry, Umm Al-Qura sign pilgrims safety agreement JEDDAH Minister of Health Tawfiq Al Rabiah and Dr Bakri bin M atoog bin Bakri Assas president of... SEHAI signs accord with 8 firms to employ graduates RIYADH The Saudi Electronics for Home Appliances Institute SEHAI recently signed agreements with... Trainees express satisfaction at training at TVTC colleges and institutes RIYADH A recent study issued by the Technical and Vocational Training Corporation TVTC showed... Saudi student survives attack in US JEDDAH Saudi student Mohammad Zaid Al Fadheel has survived an attack in the US state of Kentucky... Tadawul: Insurance stocks gain strength DUBAI The Tadawul All Share Index TASI added 0 1 percent on Sunday Nine of the top 10 performers... FM sector in Saudi Arabia is worth $20-$29 billion JEDDAH Saudi Arabia is the largest facilities management FM market in the Gulf representing some... E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study MANILA Electronic waste is rising sharply across Asia as higher incomes allow hundreds of... Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plan fails LONDON Britain warned Sunday it might undercut the EU economically if it cannot obtain both... Kerry urges Trump administration to attend Syria peace talks PARIS US Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday urged the incoming Trump administration to... Iraqi forces clear Mosul University of remaining militants BAGHDAD Iraqi special forces swept through the campus of Mosul University on Sunday to clear it... Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Your Ad Privacy & Terms of Service © 2016 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > For Boeing, 2016 Orders Fell but Deliveries Topped Target For Boeing, 2016 Orders Fell but Deliveries Topped Target Jan 9, 2017 Robert Brooks | American Machinist EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement Boeing Commercial Airplanes (Boeing Co IW500/9) released a summary of its aircraft orders and deliveries for 2016, calling the totals “strong” and noting it had “achieved several airplane program milestones.” In particular, it highlighted that its jet delivery total reached 748 aircraft across its five programs (737, 747, 767, 777, and 787), which tops the target of 745 aircraft that it set for itself. As for new aircraft orders, Boeing reported it logged contracts for 668 new aircraft, which it valued at $94.1 billion at the current list prices. The OEM’s year-end backlog of new orders is 5,715 aircraft contracted but as yet unbuilt. Related Boeing Draws $8.25B Order for 75 Jets Boeing Warns of Job Cuts Coming in 2017 Boeing Set New Record for Aircraft Deliveries in 2015 While fulfilling its own targets, the summary shows the changes in commercial aircraft sector since 2015, when Boeing set a new record for deliveries and topped its own forecast by delivering 762 aircraft, and also recorded new orders for 769 jets. Read More American Machinist is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group. View Original Article Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Boeing, Embraer Starting New Phase of Eco-Jet Test Flights Boeing Sees E-Commerce, Express Services Driving Air Cargo Traffic Boeing Starts Assembly on First 787-10 Boeing Orders Titanium 3DP Structures for Testing Boeing Draws $11-Billion Order from Vietnam’s Low-Cost Carrier Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Ball Corporation: Finding Innovation Everywhere Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 求人 広告主様へ Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Boeing's deliveries, orders fall in 2016 Business Jan. 10, 2017 - 05:38AM JST ( 0 ) Boeing said it delivered 748 planes last year, down from 762 in 2015 and booked orders for 668 planes, down 13 percent in from orders in 2015 AFP NEW YORK — Boeing said its deliveries of commercial planes fell modestly in 2016 and it saw fewer orders compared to 2015. The U.S. aerospace giant delivered 748 planes last year, down from 762 in 2015. Boeing booked orders for 668 planes, down 13% in from orders in 2015. The 2016 orders are worth $94.1 billion at list prices, it said. Boeing’s archrival Airbus said in November that it was targeting deliveries of 670 planes for the year. Commercial airplane deliveries are tied to revenues and are closely monitored as a sign of financial strength. Boeing’s most popular plane, the single-aisle 737, comprised about two-thirds of the deliveries and an even higher percentage of the orders. The company on Jan 4 announced a new order for 75 of the 737s, worth $8.25 billion, from General Electric’s airplane leasing arm. However, deliveries of the iconic 747 jumbo jets fell by half to just nine. The company announced in January 2016 it was cutting production of the planes in half due to weak demand in the cargo market. Airbus has also fared badly with its jumbo offering, the A380. Boeing said in December it also was cutting production of its wide-body 777 planes to five from seven due to slackening demand. It delivered 99 of the planes in 2016, up one from the prior year. © 2017 AFP Tweet Back to top 0 Comments Login to comment Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Summer 2017 Semester at Temple University, Japan Campus Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Kagoshima Tour Ep.3 Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Top Jobs in Japan, Jan 13-19, 2017 Japan Today CareersJobs Special Offers AJE Spring Adventure Camp Offer ends: n/a Work in Japan Search the Largest English Job Board in Japan. Find a Job Now! More in Business Governments grapple with globalisation backlash Jan. 16, 2017 - 06:23AM JST ( 2 ) Honda bringing Civic sedan back to Japan after 7 years Jan. 15, 2017 - 06:02AM JST ( 3 ) Rakuten launches commercial banking operations in Europe Jan. 15, 2017 - 05:22AM JST ( 1 ) Toyota union to seek Y3,000 or more monthly base salary hike Jan. 14, 2017 - 06:40AM JST ( 7 ) Nissan picks London for first European on-road autonomous car tests Jan. 14, 2017 - 06:30AM JST ( 1 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Widowed Japanese increasingly choosing to cut ties with aged in-laws 26 2 12 caught cheating in Japan's unified college exams 21 3 Trump denounces Streep as 'overrated Clinton flunky' 248 4 Trump's busy Day 1: Scrap Obama orders, deport illegals 15 5 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights leader; protests begin across U.S. 162 View all smithinjapan Jan. 16, 2017 - 12:04PM JST And this is the guy Japan is willingly paying to say he can do whatever he… Posted in: Philippines' Duterte threatens martial law to fight drug war descendent Jan. 16, 2017 - 12:03PM JST Death for drugs-related crime in the Philippines is extrajudicial. Posted in: Philippine police arrest local man over murders of 2 Japanese in Manila klausdorth Jan. 16, 2017 - 12:03PM JST " ...... in defiance of a worldwide moratorium .. " They just don't care and don't… Posted in: Sea Shepherd finds Japanese ship with slaughtered whale smithinjapan Jan. 16, 2017 - 12:02PM JST I wonder how much of our money he's going to give away this time. I heard… Posted in: Abe in Indonesia bass4funk Jan. 16, 2017 - 12:02PM JST These Republicans keep trying to claim the Democrats have lost relevancy, when they got 3 million… Posted in: Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights leader; protests begin across U.S. View all Find Your Apartment in Japan 10,000’s of properties available today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us facebook twitter RSS
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 9585 24 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest American Airlines uniform row heats up as maker lashes back Twin Hill also said union's comments have been 'inaccurate and damaging' to its reputation. Post to Facebook American Airlines uniform row heats up as maker lashes back Twin Hill also said union's comments have been 'inaccurate and damaging' to its reputation.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iapc7m {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 29 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs American Airlines uniform row heats up as maker lashes back Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 10:04 a.m. ET Jan. 9, 2017 | Updated 11:51 a.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 81k Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn American Airlines rolling out new employee uniforms  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. American's customer service agents will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen American Airlines' flights attendants will get new uniforms in this design.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's pilots will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's flight attendants will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's flight attendants will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by American shows the look of its new uniform and accessories for its flight attendants.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's workers in its airline clubs and lounges will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's customer service agents will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's customer service agents will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen American's customer service agents will receive uniforms and accessories like the ones seen here.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The company that makes American Airlines’ new uniforms is speaking out for the first time regarding complaints by flight attendants that the outfits are making them sick. The issue with the flight attendants' uniforms came after American rolled out new uniforms to more than 70,000 of its frontline workers in September. The look of the uniforms has been well-received by many of American’s workers. But, in December, the carrier's flight attendant union called for a total recall of the uniforms, claiming the outfits have sickened as many as 2,000 attendants with symptoms that include rashes, itching, headaches and eye irritation. Clothing manufacturer Twin Hill pushed back against those complaints in a Monday letter to the Association of Professional Flight Attendants (APFA), the union that represents American’s cabin crew. FULL TEXT: Twin Hill's letter to American Airlines' attendants Skip in Skip x Embed x Share American Airlines flight attendants say their new uniforms are making them sick. USA TODAY American Airlines attendants say new uniforms make them sick, demand 'full recall' In its letter to APFA leaders, Twin Hill asserts testing shows its uniforms to be safe, though the company added it is nonetheless eager to find a solution. Twin Hill also challenged the APFA over what it says are unsubstantiated claims. “Many of your public statements, in particular, have been both inaccurate and damaging to Twin Hill 's reputation,” Daryl Stilley – Twin Hill’s senior vice president and marketing director – said in the letter addressed to APFA national president Bob Ross and APFA national health chair Gabby Harty. “We were deeply concerned  when claims made by the APFA started to surface about your members having reactions to the American Airlines  uniforms  provided by Twin  Hill, and we immediately  leveraged  every  resource at our disposal  to investigate  those claims.” Stilley said that testing has “returned results concluding that the collection is safe.” But Stilley also challenged the APFA to follow through on a pledge to visit the company’s Houston warehouse along with American officials for joint chemical testing of the uniforms. “We don 't  expect  you  to take  our  word for  it -- we encourage you  to see for yourself, and to eliminate any doubts you still may have about  the authenticity and accuracy of the extensive testing that has been done and the safety of our garments,” Stilley added. “We supported  the request of APFA representatives  to visit our Houston distribution center and select uniforms directly for joint chemical testing with American Airlines,” Stilley continued. “We scheduled that visit - on three different occasions over the last eight weeks - and each time, the APFA has unilaterally cancelled the visit at the last moment. Considering the nature of your claims about your members' reactions, we are at a loss to understand what could take priority over this meeting.” USA TODAY The fleet and hubs of American Airlines, by the numbers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The fleet and hubs of American Airlines  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Two American Airlines Boeing 757 tails pass one another at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The tail of an American Airlines Boeing 777 peeks out of a hangar at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A330 lands at London Heathrow in March 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews push an American Airlines Boeing 757 out of a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on June 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Business class aboard American Airlines' Boeing 777-300. The 777-300 joined the fleet in 2012.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-200 taxis to the gate at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport in May 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 jet lands at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The old livery of American Airlines, seen on a retired MD-80 jet in Roswell, N.M., in August 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer ERJ-145 regional jet takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-900 regional jet taxis toward the runway at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier Dash-8 turboprop waits for departure from Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer E170 jet passes in front of the iconic Hollywood sign while on final approach to Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 taxis to the gate after landing at Los Angeles International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-300 arrives at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 757-200 lands at New York's JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe in February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 departs London Heathrow on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A series of American Eagle tails dot the G concourse at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787 'Dreamliner' lands at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on April 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Surrounded by Delta Air Lines jets, an American Airlines Airbus A320 taxies out for departure on April 30, 2016 in Atlanta.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxis to the gate after arriving to Frankfurt, Germany, on June 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner lands in Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner lands in Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' new premium economy cabin, seen on board its new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at Dallas/Fort Worth Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' economy cabin, seen on board its new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at Dallas/Fort Worth airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, seen at Dallas/Fort Worth airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 taxis into a gate at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 taxies for take-off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets sit ready for departure from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 lands at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A welcome sign for Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. DFW was American's busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen The skyline of Charlotte. The Charlotte airport was American's second-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Chuck Burton, AP Fullscreen A child walks through the airport in Miami. Miami International was American's third-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  J Pat Carter, AP Fullscreen The skyline of Chicago. Chicago's O'Hare airport was American's fourth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Kiichiro Sato, AP Fullscreen The skyline of Philadelphia. Philadelphia International Airport was American's fifth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Bruce Bennett, Getty Images Fullscreen The skyline of Phoenix. The city's Sky Harbor International Airport was American's xixth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  phlens/iStockphoto, Getty Images Fullscreen A welcome sign for Los Angeles International Airport. LAX was American's seventh busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Reed Saxon, AP Fullscreen The skyline of New York. American counts its operations operations at JFK and LaGuardia airports as a combined hub, though the airports are separated by a considerable cab ride during normal traffic conditions.LaGuardia was American's eighth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015. JFK was ninth.  Mark Lennihan, AP Fullscreen An American Airlines flight flies over the National Mall in Washington, D.C. The Washington Reagan National Airport was American's 10th busiest hub in 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 43 2 of 43 3 of 43 4 of 43 5 of 43 6 of 43 7 of 43 8 of 43 9 of 43 10 of 43 11 of 43 12 of 43 13 of 43 14 of 43 15 of 43 16 of 43 17 of 43 18 of 43 19 of 43 20 of 43 21 of 43 22 of 43 23 of 43 24 of 43 25 of 43 26 of 43 27 of 43 28 of 43 29 of 43 30 of 43 31 of 43 32 of 43 33 of 43 34 of 43 35 of 43 36 of 43 37 of 43 38 of 43 39 of 43 40 of 43 41 of 43 42 of 43 43 of 43 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Despite the broad roll-out of the uniforms to several work groups in November, the attendants’ union is the only one that's so far made such wide-reaching claims that the uniforms are causing health problems. About 350 attendants have filed formal complaints with the airline, spokeswoman LaKesha Brown told Today in the Sky. In the meantime, Twin Hill said in its letter that it has been working with American to come up with more alternatives for attendants reporting problems. USA TODAY American seeks uniform answers as attendants demand recall “American Airlines has already made our non-wool line available to individuals experiencing  any sensitivity to the uniforms, and we are now working  on designing entirely new 100% cotton garments as a third alternative,” Stilley wrote in the letter to the APFA. “We are committed to ensuring that every single AA employee has a uniform that is both safe and comfortable.” The letter closed with a renewed invitation for the APFA to participate in joint testing at the manufacturer’s facility. “Given the health reactions you assert your members are facing, we anticipate that you will not delay scheduling your visit to our distribution center any longer,” Silley said. “Please contact your American Airlines liaison, who will work with me to schedule that meeting. We remain as committed as ever to providing your members - and all of our customers - with the highest quality workwear in the industry.” TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky . USA TODAY Tears, tales and champagne flow on US Airways' last-ever flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Scenes from the last-ever flight on US Airways  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. US Airways flight attendant Malva McSween was among the crew working US Airways last-ever flight on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yerse was on hand for the final flight, wearning her 1970 Allegheny Air uniform.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yersa gets a hug from former USAir Ed Colodny.  American Airlines Fullscreen Capt. Doug Rice and First Officer William Koone in the cockpit as US Airways Flight 1939 prepared to depart San Francisco for Philadelphia on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate agents make the final boarding announcement for US Airways Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Former USAir CEO Ed Colodny signs a model airplane for someone in the crowd at San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers on the last leg of Flight 1939 received this coin commemorating the last-ever flight on US Airways.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Aviation enthusiasts were plentiful at San Francisco International Airport ahead of US Airways' final departure on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Retired US Airways employee Helena Valentine cries as she talks to former USAir CEO Ed Colodny in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Helena Valentine holds up USAir's first-ever employee newsletter after she got it signed by former CEO Ed Colodny ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' name shares space with American for one of the last times ever at San Francisco's airport ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen American/US Airways ticket counter agents offered to print old-style thick-stock tickets for fliers who wished to have a souvenir of US Flight 1939.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Onlookers crowd around to hear from USAir CEO Ed Colodny (left) address a crowd at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen "God, what a ride!" former USAir CEO Ed Colodny said to a crowd in San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The crowd assembled for US Airways' final flight listens to gateside speeches in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The flight crew for the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 poses for a photo prior to departing San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers flying the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 got one of these amenity kits, which are usually reserved for fliers in the premium cabins.  American Airlines Fullscreen Charles Alford, a US Airways customer service worker from Raleigh/Durham, proudly shows off his boarding pass to be on the last-ever US Airways flight on Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Glenda Yerse (center) is flanked by Miki Godlaski (left) and Chris Goldaski (right) ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' last-ever flight -- Flight 1939 to Philadelphia -- is on the departure board at San Francisco airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers board the last leg of US Airways Flight 1939 the evening of Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The departure information for Flight 1939 at the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen THe pilots on the Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sit at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Passengers arriving to Philadelphia on Flight 1939 were welcomed by a large crowd of well-wishers on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Flight 1939 flight attendant Roger Hamlin hubs a crewmembers after arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on the morning of Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen A crowd of well-wishers -- and some goodies -- awaited fliers arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY US Airways' final flight closes curtain on another major airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A look at some of US Airways' airplane liveries from the past 35 years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A file photo of a USAir Boeing 727 at Washington's National Airport in 1995.  USA TODAY file photo Fullscreen US Airways planes at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport on July 25, 2007.  Ross D. Franklin, AP Fullscreen With the Capitol in the backgroud, a US Airways plane lands at Washington's Reagan National Airport on Aug. 12, 2002.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 circa 1988.  'Aero Icarus' via Flickr Fullscreen The tails of a US Airways plane is seen in Chicago in July 2001. In the background is the tail of Northwest Airlines, a brand that disappeared in 2008 after merging with Delta.  Tim Boyle, Getty Images Fullscreen This photo provided by Harrisburg (Pa.) International Airport shows a ticket cover and letter from US Air on its first day of flying under that new name in 1979.  Harrisburg (Pa.) International Airport Fullscreen A USAir Boening 737 jetliner taxis at Washington National Airport on Sept. 9, 1994.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Express Beech 1900-C at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen Metrojet, a short-lived low-fare 'carrier within a carrier,' was one of US Airways' attempts to fight off Southwest's encroachment into the Northeast. It didn't work.  'Andrew Thomas' via Flickr Fullscreen US Airways and America West jets in Phoenix on May 19, 2005. America West acquired US Airways that year but took US Airways more-recognizable name.  Matt York, AP Fullscreen Fifth-grade students deplane a USAir Express flight at Bishop International Airport in Flint, Mich., in 1996.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Jetstream 31 at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen USAir CEO Stephen Wolf stands behind a model of a jet showing the then-new US Airways name and logo at a news conference in New York on Oct. 12, 1996.  Ed Bailey, Associated Press Fullscreen A US Air British Aerospace BAE 146 circa 1989.  'SDASM Archives' via Flickr Fullscreen A undated file picture shows a US Airways A330-300 flying over Toulouse in southern France.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 circa 1990.  'Aero Icarus' via Flickr Fullscreen The tail of US Airways' Pittsburgh Steelers-themed Airbus A319 jet as seen at its official unveiling at Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 12, 2007.  By Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen In this April 8, 2010 file photo, a US Airways plane takes off from Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix.  Cheryl Evans, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen A USAir Express "Dash 8" at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir jet takes off from Washington National Airport on Sept. 9, 1994.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737-300 landing at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A US Airways flight prepares to depart from Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 13, 2004.  Gene J. Puskar, AP Fullscreen A USAir MD-80 at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways planes in Phoenix in 2014.  Nick Oza/The Republic Fullscreen A USAir DC-9 at Pittsburgh in 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 seen in 1995.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir Express Dash 7 near Washington National Airport in 1995.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Fullscreen In this July 22, 2008, file photo, a US Airways Express plane passes behind a JetBlue plane at Boston's Logan Airport.  Lisa Poole, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Oct. 29, 2010, a US Airways Express flight approaches Philadelphia International Airport.  Matt Rourke, AP Fullscreen A US Airways aircraft painted in the colors of the Arizona Cardinals NFL team is seen in Phoenix on Oct. 7, 2011. The plane is one of several that the airline painted in the colors of pro football teams.  Tom Tingle, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen The tail of US Airways' Pittsburgh Steelers-themed Airbus A319 jet as seen at its official unveiling at Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 12, 2007.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An undated file photo of a US Airways Express plane operated by regional carrier Republic.  Republic Airways Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir Express shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir Express shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn August's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A giant Antonov 124 cargo jet takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on July 14, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Blue Angels fly over Boeing Field in Seattle following their performance at a local airshow as crowds snap photos on July 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Dueling American Airlines tails cross paths at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Marine V-22 Osprey lands at Seattle's Boeing Field in July of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The early morning sun casts a skyline's worth of shadows over Seattle's Elliot Bay on June 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The U.S. Navy Blue Angels approach Seattle's Columbia Tower as the team arrives for the city's popular Seafair Fleet Week on July 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Largely empty on a Saturday afternoon, moving walkways wait for passengers in Detroit's C Terminal on June 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An AirBridgeCargo Boeing 747-8F cargo jet slows to a stop after landing at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A very unusual visitor from Urumqi Air, a Chinese airline, rests in a make-shift hangar at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on July 28, 2015,  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A solo Blue Angel F18 fighter jet screams past Washington State's iconic Mount Rainier during a practice run on July 30, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Asiana Cargo Boeing 747 rockets out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport as dirt piles from the torn-up center runway fill the foreground on July 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Three Blue Angel F18 fighter jets take off for a demonstration during Seattle's Seafair Airshow on July 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Twelve Boeing 737s awaiting test flights at Seattle's Boeing Field present an exotic line-up on July 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A bulldozer drops a load of what used to be the center runway at Seattle-Tacoma International into a dump truck. The airport is in the process of repaving the 9,426-foot runway during a nearly six-month process.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Headed back to Hawaii, a Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International on July 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its tour of the Americas complete, an Airbus A350 XWB takes off from Milwaukee, bound for its home base in Toulouse, France, on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A DHL Boeing 757-200 freighter lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in July of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 passes by the now under-construction center runway at Seattle-Tacoma International on July 17, 2015. The runway, built in 1969, was torn up in order to be rebuilt.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Work crews smooth out asphalt on the center runway at Seattle-Tacoma International on July 17, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Boeing 717 lands at a rainy Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on June 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 757-200 pushes back from the gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Force F-22 fighter jet blasts out of Boeing Field for a demonstration flight during Seattle's Seafair Airshow on July 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Boeing 757-200 taxis to the gate at Kansas City International Airport on July 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Leading the pack, an L-39 trainer jet assigned to the Breitling team takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in July of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Beech Bonanza airplane takes off from Boeing Field in July of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A UPS Boeing 767-300F makes an imposing profile as it takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on July 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD-10 tri-jet freighter lands at Milwaukee's General Mitchell International Airport on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airport worker wipes the windows clean on a Delta 757-200 late in the evening at Denver International Airport on July 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cessna 208 cargo plane heads out on its next adventure from Seattle's Boeing Field in July of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' newest Boeing 787-8 jet is seen during a tour of Boeing's widebody jet factory in Everett, Wash., on June 1, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Delta unveils new uniforms for 60,000 frontline workers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Delta Air Lines unveils new Zac Posen-designed employee uniforms  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. One of the new Delta flight attendant uniforms.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen The new Delta flight attendant uniforms.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen One of the new Delta flight attendant uniforms.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for ticketing and gate agents.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Designer Zac Posen poses for a picture at a Delta event unveiling the airline's new uniforms, which Posen helped design.  Courtesy of Taylor Zorzi, Rank Studios Fullscreen Designer Zac Posen pose with a Delta worker at a Delta event unveiling the airline's new uniforms, which Posen helped design.  Courtesy of Taylor Zorzi, Rank Studios Fullscreen One of Delta's new uniform design for flight attendants.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen One of Delta's new uniform design for flight attendants.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen One of Delta's new uniform design for flight attendants.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen This new Delta uniform design will be used for both flight attendants and for airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Designer Zac Posen poses for a picture at a Delta event unveiling the airline's new uniforms, which Posen helped design.  Courtesy of Taylor Zorzi, Rank Studios Fullscreen This new Delta uniform design will be used for both flight attendants and for airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen This new Delta uniform design will be used for both flight attendants and for airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Designer Zac Posen poses for a picture at a Delta event unveiling the airline's new uniforms, which Posen helped design.  Courtesy of Taylor Zorzi, Rank Studios Fullscreen This new Delta uniform design will be used for both flight attendants and for airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen This new Delta new uniform will be worn both by flight attendants and by airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen This new Delta new uniform will be worn both by flight attendants and by airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for ramp and cargo workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for "below wing" (ground) customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Fashion designer Zac Posen speaks at a Delta event unveiling the airline's new uniforms, which Posen helped design.  Courtesy of Taylor Zorzi, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for "TechOps" workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for ramp and cargo workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Fashion designer Zac Posen at a Delta event unveiling the airline's new uniforms, which Posen helped design.  Courtesy of Taylor Zorzi, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for "below wing" (ground) customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for "below wing" TechOps workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for "below wing" (ground) airport customer service workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for TechOps and ground support workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for TechOps and ground support workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Delta's new uniform design for TechOps and ground support workers.  Courtsey of Delta; Chris Rank, Rank Studios Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Hawaiian unveils new uniforms for 5,000 frontline workers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Hawaiian Airlines unveils new uniforms for 5,000 frontline workers  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. This uniform is among the new designs for Hawaiian Airlines' flight attendants.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen This uniform will be among the new options for Hawaiian Airlines' flight attendants and airport customer service workers.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen This uniform is among the new designs for Hawaiian Airlines' flight attendants.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen A new airport customer service uniform is seen on the man to the right while a new flight attendant uniform is seen in the worker (left) walking away.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines' flight attendants and airport customer service workers will be among those to wear these new uniforms.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines' flight attendants and airport customer service workers will be among those to wear these new uniforms.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines' new uniforms for its cargo workers.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines' new uniforms for its maintenance and supply workers.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines' new uniforms for its line services workers.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines CEO Mark Dunkerley (left) walks with a flight attendant at a company fashion show unveiling uniforms for about 5,000 frontline workers.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines' employees perform a traditional oli (chant) with designer Sig Zane at a company fashion show unveiling uniforms for about 5,000 frontline workers.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Hawaiian Airlines CEO Mark Dunkerely (center) is seen between Kuhao Zane (left) and Sig Zane (right) from the firm that helped design the new uniforms.  Hawaiian Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American Airlines' flights attendants will get new uniforms in this design.  (Photo: American Airlines) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iapc7m Most Popular New RV trend: Lightweight camper trailers 875 Shares Where the Obamas dined during the 44th presidency 1.8k Shares First look: New Florida passenger train unveiled 11k Shares Alaska Airlines adds four routes from its Portland hub 309 Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares Homeland nominee backs enhanced scrutiny of travelers overseas
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 296 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Best frequent-flier promotions for January With the new year comes some important frequent-flier news from airlines. Post to Facebook Best frequent-flier promotions for January With the new year comes some important frequent-flier news from airlines.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ibqfUH {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Advice Miles & Points Hotels Your Voice Best frequent-flier promotions for January Ramsey Qubein, Special for USA TODAY Published 2:09 p.m. ET Jan. 9, 2017 | Updated 2:30 p.m. ET Jan. 9, 2017 201 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide With the new year comes some important frequent-flier news from airlines. Here’s what you need to know to make the most of your miles this month. Alaska and Virgin America provide reciprocal benefits. The latest in domestic airline mergers, Alaska and Virgin America have tied the knot, becoming the fifth largest airline in the country. Their individual loyalty programs are taking the first step in alignment, meaning fliers can earn and burn miles on either carrier as well as enjoy elite-level perks like priority boarding and check-in. One of the most valuable changes is that Virgin America fliers can now earn miles based upon distance flown rather than dollars spent when flying Alaska flights (Alaska still awards miles based upon distance flown for its fliers). In the new year, Virgin America fliers will be asked to create Alaska Mileage Plan accounts as a next step toward creating a combined mileage program where 1.3 Mileage Plan miles will be equivalent to one Virgin America Elevate point or vice versa. USA TODAY Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' RocketMiles will pay you in miles for unwanted, wacky holiday gifts. Not keen on that funky iPhone case or strange paperweight you received for the holidays? RocketMiles.com wants it! The travel website, which doles out airline miles for using its hotel reservation system, will give you a 500-mile bonus (in the airline program of your choice) on your next hotel booking if you mail your unwanted gift to them before Jan. 20. Send that ugly sweater to RocketMiles, 641 W. Lake Street, Ste. 102, Chicago, IL, 60661. Used or poorly handmade gifts are not eligible, and items must be received by Jan. 20. Only one bonus is eligible per customer, and be sure to include your name and email address associated with your RocketMiles account. American adds another elite layer. American’s Concierge Key fliers, a status reserved for fliers that spend the most with the carrier, got a nice present on Jan. 1. Previously, they were grouped into the top priority level with Executive Platinum members. In 2017, Concierge Key members will be part of a new elite tier that receives higher priority than Executive Platinum members when it comes to upgrade and standby wait lists. This is great news for the biggest spenders, but other elite fliers may see a few extra names ahead of them on the wait list. New to mileage programs? Delta has a bonus for you! If you are new to Delta’s SkyMiles program, Delta has some bonus miles for flying. All it takes is to fly internationally within the first six months of enrollment. Earn 5,000 miles for qualifying economy-class fares and 10,000 bonus miles for premium cabin fares. Alaska adds more to Mileage Plan benefits.In an era of diminishing benefits, here’s a positive change: Alaska is introducing a new one-way price of 5,000 miles for short-haul flight redemptions of less than 700 miles in travel distance. Also, the airline is adjusting its partner mileage-earning charts, giving a boost to the number of miles earned on flights with airlines like Icelandair and Emirates. Bonus American miles for flying Down Under. American has a great bonus offer for travelers flying to Sydney or Auckland. Book by Jan. 31 and fly between Feb. 1 and May 31 in a premium cabin or on certain economy-class fares to earn as many as 50,000 bonus miles. Be sure to use promotion code SPF16 and register for the promotion before travel. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ibqfUH Most Popular Is the great American road trip ending? Badlands National Park: 10 tips for your visit to the park 234 Shares D.C. airports: Be ready for inauguration crowds Ask the Captain: Automation in aviation 65 Shares Road Trip USA: Cleveland, an American classic 1.0k Shares Best U.S. ski resorts for families 1.3k Shares
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks Poised to Generate Way More Cash in 2017 Honeywell International, Boeing Co., and Celanese Corporation are all set to increase cash flow in the coming year. Lee Samaha (TMFSaintGermain) Jan 9, 2017 at 1:09PM Free cash flow generation is the key to generating long-term value for shareholders, and there are three companies I'd like to look at that are planning on generating strong cash flow in 2017. First, Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) is set to significantly increase FCF in the coming years as it comes out of a period of high investment. Meanwhile, specialty materials and chemical product company Celanese Corporation (NYSE:CE) looks set to continue its remarkable transformation into a highly cash-generative operation. And finally, Boeing Co.'s (NYSE:BA) stock might sink or swim based on whether it meets its FCF guidance. Boeing is cutting production of its 777. Image source: Boeing Co. Honeywell International The aerospace, materials, and construction-focused company's outlook meeting in December saw management predicting that FCF would jump from a range of $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion in 2016 to a new range of $4.6 billion to $4.7 billion in 2017. That's an increase of 7% to 12%, when EPS is only set to grow 8% to 10%. The reason? Honeywell is coming out of a period of elevated capital expenditures -- being made to generate future growth -- which has eaten into FCF generation. For example, the company's reinvestment ratio (capital expenditure over depreciation) is forecast to average around 1.6 in 2014-2016, when management believes a ratio of 1.2 is more normal. However, capital expenditure is set to fall in the coming years, and the spending reductions, alongside earnings increases, will boost FCF generation. Management expects capital expenditure in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion for 2016 but sees it falling to the $800 million range in 2018. In other words, FCF is likely to increase by at least a few hundred million in the next couple of years, making Honeywell an attractive stock for investors who like cash flow. Celanese Corporation This company's plans to increase cash flow are already bearing fruit. FCF has increased significantly in recent years, even as Celanese has been hit by weak end demand in its acetyl chain segment from China -- which deals in acetic acid and derivatives used in the paints, coatings, and chemicals industries, among others. CE Free Cash Flow (TTM) data by YCharts. The stock looks cheap on a price-to-FCF basis, but there is a word of warning here. Many manufacturers see increases in FCF during slowdowns because they cut capital expenditures in response. However, when the recovery comes, they tend to start spending again. You can see this dynamic expressed in Celanese's falling and then rising capital expenditures in and after the last recession. CE Free Cash Flow (TTM) data by YCharts. Nonetheless, Celanese management believes the productivity improvements and cost savings it's been making to deal with falling demand will hold the company in good stead in the future. CFO Chris Jensen expects FCF to exceed $850 million in 2016 (a record figure) and cumulatively reach $2.5 billion in the 2016-2018 period. To put this figure into perspective, it represents more than 18% of the company's current enterprise value (market cap plus net debt). Moreover, analysts expect Celanese to return to growth in 2017, with consensus estimates for sales to increase 5.7%. Boeing Co. Boeing's FCF is a quandry: Analysts are divided on whether it will grow in the next few years, but management is clear that it expects FCF growth. For example, back on the third-quarter earnings call in October, CFO Greg Smith said "our view on cash flow growth is unchanged," adding, "We continue to forecast cash flow growth in 2017 and then 2018 and beyond." In addition, on the same day that Boeing's management announced a production cut on its twin-aisle 777 jet -- a highly cash-generative aircraft -- to five a month, down from a rate of 8.3 a month in 2016, CEO Dennis Muilenburg said, "Boeing is well positioned to generate increasing cash flows." The key question is whether declines in cash flows resulting from reduced 777 production and the increased costs of starting production on the 777X will be more than offset by increases in 737 production in the coming years. The other concern is that 777 production might be cut again -- after all, Boeing generated only 17 net orders for the 777 in 2016.   Here's a look at Boeing's FCF and operating cash flow over the past five years. BA Free Cash Flow (TTM) data by YCharts. Smith expects annual operating cash flow to increase to $10 billion for the full year of 2016, compared with $9.4 billion in 2015. Whether Boeing's cash flow increases as planned in 2017 could be the key driver of its stock price this year. All three of these companies offer something for investors. Honeywell's underlying FCF improvements will start to come to the fore in the next year or so, and if Celanese can grow its top line again while maintaining good cash flow generation, then it will become a very attractive stock. Boeing simply needs to convince investors it can bridge the gap between the 777 and 777X while growing FCF. Lee Samaha has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Lee Samaha (TMFSaintGermain) Industrial sector focus. A firm believer in behavioural finance and an Austrian approach to the business cycle. Follow me on Twitter to receive quick and thorough analysis of your favorite stocks. Follow @LeeSamaha Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 1:09PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Honeywell International NYSE:HON $118.07 up $0.44 (0.37%) Celanese NYSE:CE $82.52 down $0.77 (-0.92%) Read More The Case for Buying Honeywell International Inc. Stock Boeing Co. Gets Serious About Services Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Here Are the 2017 Dogs of the Dow Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Stocks Poised to Generate Way More Cash in 2017 #stocks $BA, $HON, $CE
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus may post 8 pct rise in 2016 deliveries, narrow gap with Boeing By Reuters Published: 13:16 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 13:16 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher PARIS, Jan 9 (Reuters) - Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with arch-rival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to accelerate deliveries sharply in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company's informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing, but its growth contrasts with a 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its U.S. nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is the latest evidence that planemakers are racing to whittle down big order backlogs and hoard cash as they face a potentially worsening slowdown in orders that began in 2015. Boeing temporarily eased output last year to make way for a new model but, like Airbus, plans to increase production of its best-selling aircraft. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares in Europe's largest aerospace company clawed back losses to end up 0.2 percent in a weaker Paris market. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus's December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. "I was amazed," said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal for 72 jets with India's GoAir. It may announce a $6.4 billion order for 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas, two sources said. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing's 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. CASH GENERATION Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney. That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets - the most cash-generating models - to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe's troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world's largest four-engined jets. The programme took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Pravin Char) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive - Airbus may post 8 percent rise in 2016 deliveries, narrow gap ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 11:52pm IST Exclusive - Airbus may post 8 percent rise in 2016 deliveries, narrow gap with Boeing The logo of Airbus is pictured on a scale model of an Airbus A350-1000 during its maiden flight event in Colomiers near Toulouse, Southwestern France, November 24, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo By Tim Hepher | PARIS PARIS Airbus (AIR.PA) is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with arch-rival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to accelerate deliveries sharply in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company's informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing (BA.N), but its growth contrasts with a 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its U.S. nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is the latest evidence that planemakers are racing to whittle down big order backlogs and hoard cash as they face a potentially worsening slowdown in orders that began in 2015. Boeing temporarily eased output last year to make way for a new model but, like Airbus, plans to increase production of its best-selling aircraft. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares in Europe's largest aerospace company clawed back losses to end up 0.2 percent in a weaker Paris market. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus's December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. "I was amazed," said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal for 72 jets with India's GoAir. It may announce a $6.4 billion order for 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas, two sources said. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing's 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. CASH GENERATION Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney (UTX.N). That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets - the most cash-generating models - to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe's troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world's largest four-engined jets. The programme took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Pravin Char) Next In Money News As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future MUMBAI Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata group's holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns DAVOS, Switzerland The global economy is in better shape than it's been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. Oil prices will be much more volatile in 2017 - IEA ABU DHABI Global oil prices will witness "much more volatility" in 2017 even though markets may rebalance in the first half of the year if output cuts pledged by producers are implemented, the head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Sunday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
BUSINESS Technology This app will notify you if Trump tweets about a company whose stock you own Trigger app Trigger Trigger Karen Turner President-elect Donald Trump's tweets are proving again and again to have the capacity to make significant waves. Now there's an app — Trigger — that will send a phone notification to users if Trump tweets about any companies in which they own stock. The feature was created by Trigger Finance Inc., whose app notifies, or "triggers," users about changes in market indicators. Since the launch of the feature Wednesday, it's become the most popular trigger on the app, according to the company. After Trump tweeted about the cost for Boeing to build Air Force One, Boeing's stock took a downturn, and a similar stock slump happened for Lockheed Martin after he tweeted about the company's F-35 jet program. Some company leaders are saying that their PR employees are up around 3 a.m. in case Trump sends out an early-morning tweet that could devastate the company's stock, CNN wrote in a dispatch from this year's CES tech trade show. Rachel Mayer, co-founder and chief executive of Trigger Finance, said she's been hearing "overwhelming" demand from the app's user base for a Trump tweet notification after his electoral victory in November. "When he tweets, the market moves," she said. "Our users see this as an investment opportunity and a way for them to manage their portfolio risk." Trigger launched last year as a simple tool to help investors monitor the real-world events that affect their stock portfolios. Donald Trump's market-moving tweets are a huge scandal waiting to happen Michael Hiltzik An undercurrent of amusement has been detectable in some of the news coverage of Donald Trump’s recent market-moving tweets, as though it serves big companies right to have a few billions stripped off their market values because the president-elect is holding them to account. But it’s no laughing... An undercurrent of amusement has been detectable in some of the news coverage of Donald Trump’s recent market-moving tweets, as though it serves big companies right to have a few billions stripped off their market values because the president-elect is holding them to account. But it’s no laughing... (Michael Hiltzik) Mayer said company officials have long been interested in developing triggers for more nontraditional market indicators, such as announcements from important figures such as Janet L. Yellen, head of the Federal Reserve, or billionaire investor Warren Buffett. A Trump trigger is the company’s first foray into this realm, although they've been hearing demand from customers for similar triggers for others, such as Rex Tillerson, Trump’s secretary of State nominee, and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). "Tweets really do matter," Mayer said. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. What values does Hollywood promote? A storm that hit Northern California toppled the Pioneer Cabin Tree. Who should discipline police officers? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. The Chargers are moving to L.A. Obama's legacy: part 1. California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. The Chargers are moving to L.A., Obama's legacy: part 1, California’s drought conditions have improved in the northern part of the state, and Sean McVay, the new Los Angeles Rams coach, becomes the youngest NFL head coach in modern history. Caption Laurel Canyon mudslide Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Video by Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Caption Raw video: Surveillance video of fatal LAPD shooting of 16-year-old The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. The family of 16-year-old Jose Mendez, who was fatally shot by the LAPD last year, released surveillance video of the February 2016 shooting. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Donald Trump's independent streak was on vivid display at Wednesday's news conference. Is the great California drought finally calling it quits? Michelle King has made no big waves in her first year running Los Angeles Unified. A state watchdog agency is investigating political donations connected to real estate developer Samuel Leung. Turner writes for the Washington Post.  ALSO Downtown L.A. hasn't seen this much construction since the 1920s Azubu wasn't funded like most start-ups — which may have nearly killed it Theme park crime: Counterfeiters prefer Disneyland; shoplifters like Universal Studios Hollywood Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Lockheed Martin Corp. Kevin Starr, author of California histories and former state librarian, dies at 76 How these Los Angeles-born pink hats became a worldwide symbol of the anti-Trump women's march Race is an integral part of Obama's story, and he embraced its complexity Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Oreo maker Mondelez, one of Trump’s corporate targets, slips back into obscurity Alongside the likes of Ford, Carrier and Boeing, Mondelez was one of the companies that Trump railed against for sending jobs overseas during the campaign but since then, the company has not had post-election run-ins with Trump. Mondelez International Inc., the owner of the iconic cookie brand Oreo, was one of the companies that Donald Trump railed against during the campaign. But since then, the company hasn't had any run-ins with Trump.  (Richard Tsong-Taatarii / TNS)   By Craig GiammonaBloomberg Mon., Jan. 9, 2017 Hey, what about the Oreo? During the campaign, Mondelez International Inc., the owner of the iconic cookie brand, was one of the companies that President-elect Donald Trump railed against for sending jobs overseas, alongside the likes of Ford, Carrier and Boeing. But while those other three have already had Post-election run-ins with Trump in one fashion or another — triggering wild stock gyrations and corporate pledges to rework investment plans — Mondelez curiously has not. Given the president-elect’s current tweeting pace, it feels like it’s just a matter of time before the company comes back under scrutiny. Mondelez wasn’t interested in discussing its game plan for when that moment comes, but experts said it undoubtedly has scrambled to prepare a rapid-fire response. “The last thing they want to do is have a brand out there being attacked,” said Richard Frisch, a crisis-communications consultant. “There’s no question they have a crisis plan in place.” Article Continued Below The stakes are high. Last month, when Trump wrote on Twitter that the costs of the F-35 program were “out of control,” shares of defence manufacturer Lockheed Martin Corp. tanked, wiping out almost $2 billion (U.S.) in market share. “We’ve never had a president-elect who could move stocks at will,” said Richard Levick, founder of the communications firm that bears his name. “A Trump tweet rates among the top risks of the year.” ‘Never Eat’ When a company makes nice, on the other hand, it can be rewarded. Ford Motor Co.’s stock rose nearly 4 per cent after it announced it was cancelling a $1.6 billion Mexican expansion. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, didn’t respond to a request for comment. Mondelez first drew Trump’s ire back in August 2015, when he claimed that the company was eliminating 1,200 jobs in the U.S. as it moved Oreo production to Mexico. “I’ll never eat them again,” Trump vowed. His assertion wasn’t quite true. The global snack giant had decided to invest $130 million in an existing plant south of the border to upgrade cookie and cracker production, rather than putting the money into a factory in Chicago. The move eliminated approximately 600 positions. Stephen Colbert Democratic candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton soon jumped on, too, and The Late Show’s Stephen Colbert mocked Trump’s vow not to eat Oreos by shovelling them into his mouth one night. But the controversy eventually faded into the background. Mondelez, which generates more than 70 per cent of its revenue outside North America, said it has invested about $450 million in U.S. manufacturing facilities since 2012, when the company split from Kraft Foods. The company still produces Oreos, the world’s top-selling cookie, at three domestic facilities. “We continue to make investments where it makes sense and that includes the United States,” said Laurie Guzzinati, a spokeswoman for the Deerfield, Illinois-based snack maker. She said the company hasn’t heard from the incoming administration. Mondelez might be better positioned than, say, Boeing Co. or Ford, to resist the pressure of a Trump tweet. It isn’t a big government contractor — making planes for the military, for instance — and getting consumers to boycott a favourite snack is difficult. That could weaken Trump’s ability to have a lasting negative impact on the $26.5 billion company, according to Frisch. Still, that may be little comfort. Large food companies tend to be conservative, perpetually seeking to stay away from controversy, particularly of the political variety. And in this unprecedented atmosphere, where the next squabble with the federal government is seemingly just a click away, Mondelez executives are hoping to avoid the glare of Trump’s aggressive Twitter persona. “If you’re Mondelez,” said Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, “the last thing you want is to be a target of Donald Trump.” Read more about: Donald Trump, Twitter The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 1°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Drowned fox encased in ice block pulled from Germany’s Danube River A German hunter extracted the fox from the river and put it on display as a warning of the icy river’s dangers. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: World Juniors Deadly Streets Held Hostage Canada 150 Donald Trump Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation Lifted by Analyst (CTSH) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy, Inc. Lifted by Analyst (FANG) Social Reality Inc. Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.22 Per Share (SRAX) Brokerages Set Airbus Group SE (AIR) Target Price at $67.76 GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Receives $42.53 Consensus PT from Analysts Erin Energy Corp (ERN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Centene Corporation (CNC) Receives $74.92 Average PT from Analysts Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Receives C$85.20 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages KeyCorp to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.27 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (KEY) Williams Capital Comments on Parsley Energy, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PE) Roth Capital Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Analysts Set Newpark Resources, Inc. (NR) Price Target at $21.96 Carbonite, Inc. (CARB) Receives $18.33 Average Target Price from Brokerages Short Interest in Simmons First National Corporation (SFNC) Increases By 87.5% FY2016 EPS Estimates for Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (AJG) Reduced by William Blair Axcelis Technologies, Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share, Craig Hallum Forecasts (ACLS) Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. (UCTT) Raised by Analyst Q4 2016 Earnings Estimate for Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Issued By Jefferies Group Analysts Set Ternium S.A. (TX) Price Target at $23.43 Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives GBX 1,640 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Holland Capital Management LLC Sells 25,415 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Holland Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 8.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 271,163 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 25,415 shares during the period. Holland Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $35,723,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. South Texas Money Management Ltd. increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. now owns 1,992 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. BP PLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the last quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 65.8% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 32,331 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $4,264,000 after buying an additional 12,836 shares during the last quarter. Plancorp LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 5.8% in the third quarter. Plancorp LLC now owns 61,903 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $8,155,000 after buying an additional 3,397 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Investment Corp IL increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 2.6% in the second quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 90,321 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $11,730,000 after buying an additional 2,250 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.41% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $158.45. The company had a trading volume of 508,510 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $97.79 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.21 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $160.07. The company has a 50 day moving average of $154.24 and a 200 day moving average of $138.79. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The firm earned $23.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.73 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $2.52 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.10 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.57%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 66.36%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/holland-capital-management-llc-sells-25415-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on BA shares. Citigroup Inc. reduced their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, September 19th. Vetr downgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Saturday, October 8th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $147.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $147.85. In other Boeing Company (The) news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) Exclusive: Airbus may post 8 percent rise in 2016 deliveries, narrow gap with Boeing By Tim Hepher ReutersJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos The logo of Airbus is pictured on a scale model of an Airbus A350-1000 during its maiden flight event in Colomiers near Toulouse, Southwestern France, November 24, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File PhotoMore By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with arch-rival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to accelerate deliveries sharply in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company's informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing , but its growth contrasts with a 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its U.S. nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is the latest evidence that planemakers are racing to whittle down big order backlogs and hoard cash as they face a potentially worsening slowdown in orders that began in 2015. Boeing temporarily eased output last year to make way for a new model but, like Airbus, plans to increase production of its best-selling aircraft. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. Shares in Europe's largest aerospace company clawed back losses to end up 0.2 percent in a weaker Paris market. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus's December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. "I was amazed," said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal for 72 jets with India's GoAir. It may announce a $6.4 billion order for 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas, two sources said. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing's 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. CASH GENERATION Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney . That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets - the most cash-generating models - to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. Read More The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe's troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world's largest four-engined jets. The program took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Pravin Char) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next These Are the New Planes Coming in 2017 Travel+Leisure 10 Ways to Generate Income in Retirement in 2017 Fisher InvestmentsSponsored United Airlines Can't Get Rid of the Boeing 747 Fast Enough -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Ahead of Q4 results, defense industry outlook remains upbeat despite Trump's cost-cutting crusade CNBC.com The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Make Every Play a Highlight Best BuySponsored Ford's CEO reveals his plan for the company's biggest transformation in history Business Insider Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored China's LeEco Gets $2.2B Sunac Investment Bloomberg Video 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Associated Press Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Check out these cars GM created in the 1980s with tech decades ahead of its time Business Insider Jon Gruden reportedly rejected 3 teams in recent weeks and the reason suggests he will never coach in the NFL again Business Insider Amid Controversy Caitlyn Jenner Gets a 24-Karat-Gold Facial Ahead of Inauguration Eddy: Catlin strongly resembles that Olympian Bruce Jenner! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.9k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus may post 8 pct rise in 2016 deliveries, narrow gap with Boeing By Reuters Published: 10:42 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 10:42 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher PARIS, Jan 9 (Reuters) - Airbus is set to post an 8 percent rise in deliveries for 2016, beating expectations, after a sprint to the finish line that narrowed the gap with arch-rival Boeing, according to industry experts and records of aircraft movements. The European planemaker was forced to sharply accelerate deliveries in December to meet its target after production problems earlier in the year. It delivered over 100 jets last month, a Reuters analysis of flight-tracking data supplied by FlightRadar24, unofficial airport data and plane-watcher reports suggests, lifting its 2016 tally well above 680 including 60 of the delayed A320neo. One industry expert estimated the total as high as 688, well above the company's informal target of more than 670. Airbus remains in second place behind Boeing, but its upward trajectory contrasts with the 2 percent drop in 2016 deliveries reported by its U.S. nemesis last week, to 748 planes. The higher-than-expected Airbus performance, up from 635 in 2015, is also the latest evidence that planemakers are boosting deliveries to whittle down record order backlogs and hoard cash as they face warnings of slowing demand later this decade. Boeing temporarily slowed output last year for industrial reasons but, like Airbus, plans further output increases. An Airbus spokesman declined to comment. The European planemaker is keeping operational data tightly under wraps ahead of its annual news conference on Wednesday. Airbus's December deliveries would set a monthly record for the company, beating the previous peak by more than a quarter. The gap between Christmas and New Year, traditionally a groggy period for European industry, saw a record burst of activity at Airbus plants in France and Germany and included one of its busiest ever days with eight jets flying away on Dec. 29. "I was amazed," said a veteran of such operations. Aiming to stay ahead of Boeing in the race for new orders, rather than deliveries where it lags, Airbus may book for December at least part of a recent order for 100 jets from Iran and tie up loose ends including completing a deal with India's GoAir. It may also announce a significant order from Saudi carrier flynas. Airbus needs to announce at least 259 orders for December to beat Boeing's 2016 total of 668. With outspoken sales chief John Leahy expected to retire in the second half of this year, Airbus is looking to end 2016 with a flourish, though analysts say prices could suffer due to weakening global economies. CASH GENERATION Airbus delivered at least 70 A320-family narrow-body jets in December, according to the sources and data, also a record. These included at least 17 of the new A320neo, whose ramp-up had been disrupted by delays in receiving new fuel-saving engines from Pratt & Whitney. That brought 2016 deliveries of narrow-body jets - the most cash-generating models - to over 540. It also delivered more than 140 wide-bodies. Airbus expected to deliver more than 670 aircraft in 2016, unofficially revised up from 650 in October. It is accelerating deliveries of the existing A320 to keep cash pouring in from airlines while it adopts a more conservative timeframe for the switchover to the A320neo. Narrow-body deliveries generate cash for other developments and are increasingly vital as demand for larger wide-body aircraft suffers from a looming capacity glut. Experts say the delays in A320neo deliveries have masked some pressure on demand for those models too, caused by low oil prices that can make earlier versions just as attractive. On its other main profit-driver, Airbus delivered over 62 long-haul A330s in 2016, according to the estimates. But it was forced to step up customer financing to maintain that pace as major customer Turkey faced turmoil after a failed coup and as European states withheld export credits in a row over Airbus payments to sales agents. Airbus itself provided the financing for all seven new Turkish Airlines A330s in 2016, industry sources say. Despite separate delays due to shortages of cabin equipment, Airbus unexpectedly hit a target for at least 50 deliveries of the newer A350 after 16 in December, sources said last week. That includes one or two jets paid for but not yet in operation. The rush to get planes away extended to the mammoth A380 as Airbus delivered seven in December, including three in two days to dominant customer Emirates. That brought the annual total to 28, up one from the previous year and enough to keep Europe's troubled superjumbo project at breakeven in 2016. However, it plans to cut A380 output from next year after demand sagged for the world's largest four-engined jets. The programme took another blow in late December when Dubai-based Emirates, under pressure from the impact of low oil prices on Gulf economies, delayed some 2017 deliveries. That could put the iconic double-decker plane back into loss in 2017, marring celebrations for its 10 years in service. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Pravin Char) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Co. Ends 2016 With a Surge of Orders 2016 was a slow year for aircraft orders, but Boeing still ended the year on a high note. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Jan 9, 2017 at 8:20AM In recent years, Boeing (NYSE:BA) has frequently reported a flurry of order activity near the end of the year. For example, in 2015, the company brought in about 200 net orders during December, representing more than a quarter of its annual orders. The same dynamic played out again last month to an even greater extent. Just in the last week and a half of 2016, Boeing received nearly 200 net orders, helping it finish the year with a very respectable 668 net orders. Widebody demand remains weak In the past two years or so, demand for widebody aircraft has trailed off. To some extent, lower fuel prices have allowed airlines to extend the lives of older jets rather than investing in new widebody aircraft, which often cost more than $100 million each. Economic weakness in some parts of the world has also weighed on demand. This was reflected in weak order activity for Boeing's main widebody aircraft programs -- the 777 and 787 -- throughout 2016. Boeing ended the year with 58 net orders for the 787 and just 17 net orders for the 777. For comparison, those two programs combined for more than 600 orders in the 2013-2014 period. Sales of long-haul widebody aircraft have been sluggish lately. Image source: The Motley Fool. There was no year-end order rush, either. In its final sales update, Boeing reported just six new orders for the 787 Dreamliner and none for any of its other widebody models. Moreover, those six orders were more than offset by the formal cancellation of Delta Air Lines' order for 18 Dreamliners. The Boeing 737 shines again By contrast, Boeing grew the backlog for its popular 737 model once again in 2016. For the full year, it garnered 550 net orders for the 737, nearly all for the new 737 MAX version that is scheduled to enter service this spring. Meanwhile, Boeing delivered 490 737s during 2016. As a result, the 737 order backlog increased to 4,452 units at year-end. This is equivalent to nine years of production at last year's pace, or about seven years of output after accounting for three scheduled production increases. Of Boeing's 550 net orders for the 737, 210 (or 38%) were finalized in the last week and a half of the year. The vast majority of these orders went to undisclosed customers. The only major order announcement was that GECAS, the aircraft leasing arm of General Electric, will buy another 75 737 MAX 8s. GECAS now has 170 outstanding orders for the 737 MAX. The 737 will keep Boeing steady Boeing faces a lot of uncertainty over the next few years. The company will dramatically slash production of the 777 as it transitions to the next-generation 777X between now and 2020. In 2016, Boeing delivered 99 777s; it would be lucky to deliver that many in 2018 and 2019 combined. Boeing has more breathing room on the 787. While order activity has been slow for the last three years, Boeing still has a backlog of 700 Dreamliner orders. However, if it continues to average about 60 net orders per year for the 787 (as it has recently), Boeing would have to cut production in the early 2020s. In this context, the 737 has become more important than ever for Boeing. Even in the current slow order environment, the 737 is still selling well. This should give investors confidence that Boeing will be able to execute its planned production rate increases, which will raise output of the 737 from 42 a month to 57 in the next three years. The 737 production increases will drive rising cash flow between now and 2020. This will help offset the 777 program's eroding cash flow during that period. Boeing will then be in good position to benefit if widebody sales recover near the end of the decade as expected. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing and is long January 2017 $40 calls on Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 8:20AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Read More Could Boeing Co. Hike Its Dividend by 30% or More? Boeing Co. Gets Serious About Services Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Here Are the 2017 Dogs of the Dow Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Boeing Co. Ends 2016 With a Surge of Orders #stocks $BA
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Most Innovative Companies By Thomas C. Frohlich and Evan Comen January 10, 2017 4:43 pm EST Print Email Tweet After a decline in 2015, U.S. patenting activity rose to a record high in 2016. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted 304,126 patents last year, up from 298,407 in 2015. The increase was largely driven by West Coast technology companies, including Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Boeing, IBM, Intel, Google, and Microsoft. According to a 24/7 Wall St. analysis of data provided by Information for Industry (IFI) Claims Patent Services, Korean conglomerate Samsung Electronics was granted the most patents in 2016. Including its major subsidiaries, Samsung was awarded more than 8,500 patents, slightly higher than IBM’s 8,088 awarded patents. Tech companies and others spend hundreds of millions, and often billions, of dollars to discover the next big thing and gain an advantage over competitors. Based on the number of patents awarded in 2016, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the most innovative companies. Click here to see the most innovative companies. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St. Larry Cady, senior analyst with IFI Claims, explained that patenting activity tends to increase at companies based in countries with strong economies. Because the U.S. economy is doing well, patent activity at U.S. companies increased last year. By contrast, with Japan’s economy flagging in recent years, patents awarded to a number of Japanese companies, including Canon, Honda, Panasonic, Sony, Toshiba, and Toyota, decreased in 2016. Last year, about half of all patents were granted to U.S.-based companies, with the remainder awarded primarily to Asia-based corporations as well as companies operating in European nations such as Germany and Scandinavian countries such as Sweden. The fact that foreign companies are seeking U.S. patent grants underscores the extraordinary demand for access to the U.S. market — the largest in the world. Most Japanese companies perform their work in Japan but still file U.S. patents. Source: IFI Claims Patent Services (click image to enlarge) Many years often pass before companies gain value from research investments, even when the research results in a patent grant. As Cady noted, “Not all those developments are going to be earth shattering.” Allocating resources to research and development is for this reason a highly strategic decision, and companies leverage patent portfolios in a variety of ways. In addition to searching for breakthrough technologies, for example, companies will develop a large patent portfolio as defense against litigation. For this reason, “one of the drivers of patenting is litigation,” Cady said. The most frequently patented technologies are in the categories of computers, transmission of digital information, wireless communication networks, and pictorial communication. According to Cady, the high patenting activity in these areas is due to their novelty. “Any kind of new and emerging technology that has a lot of potential value in the future is going to see a lot of patenting.” While it is reasonable to expect less patenting activity in more mature industries, this is certainly not always the case. For instance, although cars have not changed considerably in the past several decades, patents granted to companies in the auto manufacturing sector rose substantially last year. While a patent in a newer high tech field like artificial intelligence may represent a major scientific breakthrough, recent patents in the more staid automobile industry reflect relatively small improvements. Cady acknowledged the growing interest in self-driving cars, but noted these developments have not yet moved the needle in patent grants. To identify the 25 most innovative companies, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the companies with the 1,000 highest total number of U.S. Patent and Trademark Office grants in 2015 from IFI Claims Patent Services. IFI produces these data based on the entity listed as holding the patent. In order to arrive at a figure that more closely reflects a company’s total, 24/7 Wall St. combined the grants awarded to a company and its subsidiaries. It is important to note that while IFI Claims Patent Services provided the data on USPTO grants, 24/7 Wall St. aggregated the grants of multiple entities under the same parent corporation. This number is an estimate only as it excludes any patent-holding subsidiaries of a company that do not share the company’s name, and it does not include companies outside of the top 1,000 patent grantees. These are the 25 most innovative companies. Pages: 1/2/3/4/5/6 « DryShips, Merrimack Pharma Stuck in Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club World Economic Growth to Rise by 2.7%, Hampered by Latin America — World Bank » Read more: Special Report, featured Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing, lobby group team up to defend $8.7 billion in state tax breaks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 7:25pm EST Boeing, lobby group team up to defend $8.7 billion in state tax breaks The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the ''What's Next?'' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE A dispute over $8.7 billion in Washington state tax breaks is heating up after Boeing Co (BA.N) joined a new lobbying group set up to preserve the industry incentives, the biggest in U.S. history. The group, launched on Tuesday, opposes efforts to make the aerospace tax breaks, passed in 2013, dependent on Boeing maintaining minimum employment levels in the state. Such "claw-back" bills had failed the past two years, but union leaders and a lawmaker said in interviews on Tuesday they planned to try again in the legislative session that started this week. The new group, Aerospace Works for Washington, will be a "megaphone" to warn that jobs are at risk, said Maud Daudon, chief executive of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, which is leading the effort. "We are in a competition to keep them here," she said. "Any state in the country would die to get these jobs." The group also may oppose European Union efforts to eliminate the incentives under World Trade Organization rules, and may try to extend them to Washington's growing space industry, Daudon said. Chicago-based Boeing, the world's biggest commercial aircraft maker, has its largest factories in Washington, and is the state's largest private employer, with 72,000 workers. As with previous proposals, "Boeing is opposed to any effort to alter the Washington aerospace tax incentives," the company said in a statement on Tuesday. "Changing the parameters of the incentives now would simply increase the cost of building airplanes in this state, and unnecessarily put excellent, family-wage jobs in Washington at risk." SEEKING JOB GUARANTEES Aerospace Works for Washington has more than 30 members, including elected leaders, economic development organizations and chambers of commerce from state regions where aerospace manufacturers have factories. It includes trade groups of retailers, restaurants, hotels and other industries. Alaska Airlines, owned by Alaska Air Group Inc (ALK.N), is also a member. No labor groups are involved. Daudon said the broad membership signals growing opposition to changing the incentives. Union leaders said their members still support the tax breaks "as long as Boeing doesn't ship jobs out of state," said Larry Brown, legislative director for the International Association of Machinists, District 751. The 2013 tax cuts were designed to "maintain and grow" aerospace employment in the state and are available to any local aerospace manufacturer. Since the law passed, Boeing has eliminated 11,414 jobs in Washington, about 15 percent of its state workforce, the company's employment data showed. In the year through November 2016, the state lost 5,500 manufacturing jobs, largely in aerospace, according to state employment security department data. Boeing said in December that job cuts and movements were necessary to respond to competition from European rival Airbus Group SE (AIR.PA) and years of constricted U.S. defense spending. Boeing said it fulfilled its commitment in the 2013 law to locate the assembly line and wing factory for its new 777X jetliner in the state. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Richard Chang) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:20 AM, January 11, 2017 PARIS/SHANGHAI - Airbus <AIR.PA> won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications <601328.SS>. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalize an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, January 16, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Filmfare Awards 2017: ‘Dangal’, Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt bag top honors Alleged mastermind of Kardashian heist charged in Paris Local Bazaar Returns To Help Center Jeddah Explore The Royal Opera House Muscat   Book Review: Public Governance and Strategic Management Capabilities: AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Airbus finalizes deal to sell more than 60 jets to flynas Business Airbus finalizes deal to sell more than 60 jets to flynas Jan 11, 2017 389 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter DUBAI — Airbus has finalized an agreement to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi Arabian budget carrier flynas, according to industry sources, a move that could help the European planemaker keep ahead of Boeing in the annual race for new orders. The order from flynas, partly owned by Prince Al-Waleed Bin Talal›s investment vehicle, is expected to cover over 60 A320neo narrow body jets, one of the sources with direct knowledge of the deal told Reuters. An order for 60 A320neos would be worth $6.4 billion at list prices though it is common for manufacturers to grant discounts. Including purchasing options, the agreement includes 100 A320neos, sources said. The order could be announced as early as Wednesday at Airbus› annual press conference so that it can be included in the planemaker’s 2016 sales numbers, though one source said the buyer might not be identified. The sources requested anonymity as the details were still private. Airbus and flynas declined to comment. The A320neo sale would be Airbus›s first in the Middle East since Qatar Airways refused deliveries in December 2015 and said it would swap its order for a larger version. Flynas, which launched as Nas Air in 2007 and first turned a profit in 2015, has been negotiating an order for at least 60 narrow body jets with Airbus and rival planemaker Boeing since as early as April 2016. Flynas Chief Executive Paul Byrne said on April 27 whichever manufacturer it chose would over time become the sole supplier. The order, which would replace and expand a fleet of leased A320s, would give flynas one of the largest Middle East low cost fleets after state-owned flydubai, which operate 57 Boeing 737-800s and has more than 100 scheduled for delivery by 2023. Flynas is facing increasing competition domestically, where it conducts the majority of its operations. Start-up SaudiGulf Airlines and Saudi-owned, Egypt-based Nesma airline were both granted domestic operating licenses in 2016, while state-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines has announced plans for its own budget carrier, Flyadeal, to launch in mid-2017 with a target of 50 jets by 2020. Qatar Airways-owned Al Maha is waiting for a domestic Saudi operating license. Saudi Arabia wants to expand its aviation and tourism sectors following the success of its Gulf neighbors Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. It plans to encourage non-religious tourism as part of major national reforms aimed at moving the country›s economy away from oil dependence. SOURCEReuters TAGS flynas Saudi Arabia SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTaylor eyes record of late mentor Crowe Next articleDangerous social categories Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Airbus strengthens community involvement in Saudi Arabia Noon puts fashion centerstage to dominate ME e-commerce sector Falih optimistic about oil market stabilization NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,530,997FansLike 41,946FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Salman decorates Felipe VI of Spain with King Abdul Aziz Medal Jan 16, 2017 More efforts pledged to defeat Daesh Jan 16, 2017 Thousands of housing units for Saudi citizens Jan 16, 2017 Bahrain’s PM receives chairman and members of Arab Gulf Journalists’ Union Jan 16, 2017 Over 1,400 Saudis left govt jobs last year Jan 16, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Jeju Air is customer for three unidentified Boeing 737-800NGs Jeju Air is customer for three unidentified Boeing 737-800NGs Jan 10, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of 737-800NG in Jeju Air livery Boeing Related Media Gallery: WheelTug electric taxi system Advertisement Boeing confirmed Jan. 10 that South Korean low-cost carrier (LCC) Jeju Air is the previously unidentified customer behind a December 2016 order for three 737-800NGs, valued at $288 million at current prices. It is Jeju Air’s first direct-purchase order with Boeing. The LCC operates an all-leased fleet of 26 737-800NGs. “This acquisition is a major step in our growth strategy … [and will] further strengthen our position as a leading low-cost carrier in Northeast Asia,” Jeju Air CEO Ken Choi said. Jeju Air was established in 2005 as Korea’s first LCC, with operations beginning in 2006. The airline operates 40 domestic and international routes with approximately 150 daily flights. The 737-800NG seats 162 to 189 passengers and has a range of 5,700 nm. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Dragon Aviation takes four Boeing 737-800 NGs   Boeing, SpiceJet finalize order for 30 737NGs   Air Tanzania revealed as Boeing 787-8 customer   EgyptAir is customer for nine Boeing 737-800s   Airbus and Boeing May 2015 O&D roundup   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing, new lobby group aim to keep US$8.7 billion in state tax breaks News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing, new lobby group aim to keep US$8.7 billion in state tax breaks Boeing Co has joined a new coalition lobbying to preserve US$8.7 billion in tax breaks that Washington state gave its aerospace industry in 2013, the group said. Posted 11 Jan 2017 01:10 Updated 11 Jan 2017 02:35 The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co has joined a new coalition lobbying to preserve US$8.7 billion in tax breaks that Washington state gave its aerospace industry in 2013, the group said. The organization, launched on Tuesday, indicates growing opposition to changing the incentives, and aims to counter efforts by some state lawmakers to tie the tax breaks to employment in the state, said Maud Daudon, chief executive officer of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, which is leading the effort. Several "claw-back" measures have been proposed since the tax breaks were approved in 2013, but did not pass. "Our expectation is something like that may surface again" in the legislative session that started Monday, Daudon said in an interview. She said the group will be a "megaphone" to spread the message that aerospace jobs in Washington state are at risk. "We are in a competition to keep them here," she said. "Any state in the country would die to get these jobs." The group, Aerospace Works for Washington, also could be involved in other issues, such as efforts by the European Union to roll back the tax incentives under World Trade Organization rules, Daudon said. Chicago-based Boeing, the world's biggest commercial aircraft maker, has its largest manufacturing centers in Washington state, employing 72,000 people, and is the state's largest private employer. As with previous efforts to change the tax law, "Boeing is opposed to any effort to alter the Washington aerospace tax incentives," the company said in a statement on Tuesday. "Changing the parameters of the incentives now would simply increase the cost of building airplanes in this state, and unnecessarily put excellent, family-wage jobs in Washington at risk." Aerospace Works for Washington has more than 30 members, including elected leaders, economic development organizations and chambers of commerce from regions in the state where Boeing and other aerospace manufacturers have factories. It includes trade groups of retailers, restaurants, hotels and other industries. Alaska Airlines, owned by Alaska Air Group Inc , is also a member. No labor groups are involved. Preserving the tax breaks has become a key issue since the incentives passed in 2013. The law said the tax cuts were designed to "maintain and grow" aerospace employment in the state. They are available to any aerospace manufacturer, not just Boeing. Despite the passage of the tax breaks three years ago, Boeing has since eliminated 11,414 jobs in Washington, about 15 percent of its workforce in the state, according to the company's employment data. The reductions are part of a cost-cutting drive at the aerospace and defense company in response to competition from European rival Airbus Group SE and recent years of constricted U.S. defense spending, Boeing has said. Boeing's job reductions have prompted some legislators to argue that the company should maintain a certain number of jobs or lose the incentives. Boeing said it fulfilled its commitment to locate the assembly line and wing factory for its new 777X aircraft in the state. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out06:06 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Pentagon’s Mystery Space Plane Stays in Orbit for 600 Days © Flickr/ US Air Force Tech 22:37 10.01.2017(updated 06:20 11.01.2017) Get short URL 764491045 The X-37B space plane, a mysterious unmanned craft belonging to the US Air Force, is closing in on a program record for time spent in orbit, after spending 600 days in space. The orbital test vehicle (OTV) was launched in May 2015, from Cape Canaveral in Florida, detaching from an Atlas V rocket. This marks the X-37B program’s fourth mission and, if the craft spends 74 more days skyward, it will break the OTV-3 orbital record of 675 days. What the OTV-4 is doing in orbit, and how long it will stay aloft, is unclear, as well as what payloads it may be carrying, since most of that information is classified.  © Flickr/ Mat Hampson NASA to Explore the Early Solar System With Two Planned Missions Some have posited that the plane is on a mission to destroy spy satellites, or possibly serve as a space bomber. The craft operates is low orbit, circling the Earth between 110-500 miles above the surface. Secrecy expert Steven Aftergood from the Federation of American Scientists told the Daily Mail, "The US government has a bottomless appetite for sensitive information…As powerful as our intelligence satellites may be, they also have their limitations — most notably the limitations imposed by their orbital parameters."  © AP Photo/ John Raoux Pentagon's Mysterious X-37B Space Drone Heads Back Into Orbit April 2010 marked the beginning of the OTV missions, with OTV-1 spending 244 days in orbit before touching down in December of that year. OTV-2 spent 468 days in orbit, lifting off in March 2011 and landing in June 2012. Boeing representatives have said that the Orbiter Processing Facility-1 (OPF-1), a former Kennedy Space Center space shuttle facility, will be used "to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV)," according to Space.com. Boeing’s Space and Intelligence Systems, in El Segundo, California, is responsible for developing the X-37B, and the group houses the defense company’s commercial and governmental satellite development, along with experimental and space systems.  © NASA. Astronauts at ISS Venture Out to Space for Station's Power System Upgrade - NASA The OTV initiative, which falls under the purview of the US Defense Department, is being lead by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office under the direction of the Air Force Secretary and the under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics. Only two reusable crafts have been confirmed as part of the X-37B fleet. Standing 9.6 tall and 29 feet long, the space vehicle has a wingspan of about 5 feet, and is powered by gallium arsenide solar cells with lithium-ion batteries.  Air Force Officials have noted that one of OTV’s main objectives is testing onboard equipment. Last September, deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for space Winston Beauchamp said, "It remains a very useful way to test out things." Former deputy chief of staff for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, Lt. Gen. David Deptula, told the Air Force Times in February 2016, "Space has become a ubiquitous element of everything that every service component, combatant commander, national intelligence organization, and leadership of the free world relies on…It’s very important to be on the leading edge of capitalizing on new technologies to keep us ahead of potential adversary moves." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 1045 Related: NASA and FEMA Hold Asteroid Impact Simulation Exercise NASA Obtains First Color Images of Schiaparelli Mars Lander’s Crash Site NASA to Launch Six Tiny Satellites for Earth Observation Mission NASA Leak: Physics-Defying EM Drive Could Actually Work (VIDEO) Climate Scientist, US Astronaut Piers Sellers Dies at 61 - NASA Tags: X-37B, US Air Force, NASA, Florida, Cape Canaveral TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 23:25 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete I wonder if any amateur astronomers have been taking images similar to those taken of the ISS? Reply American Socialist 23:32 10.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete meanwhile, back on Earth, Trump is threatening China supposedly because China took all the good jobs. Instead of spending useless money on Space Weapons.. that money could be used to help ordinary citizens. This is where America should be focused. Not unjustified xenophobic hysteria. Reply cast235 03:27 11.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Like the F35, this is a modern version of the BURAN. The F35 was a version of the YAK 141. With a license bought from YAK. Russia MUST stay OFF U.S. because everytime sanctions will slap Russia. Stay OFF arms reductions, because the rest could have them. And invest to make cash. But NOT in U.S. ONLY STOOGES would invest in U.S. This guy MA was with TRUMP. Oh I want to create jobs. When sanctions hit, he will lose all. very stupid. Besides U.S is a very expensive platform to CREATE. And slapping tax, will lead to exact bloody retaliations. Unless they pro wet STOOGES. running a government. By now I would had stop U.S diplomatic in Russia from going to schools, and such things. They ONLY there to poison the people against the government.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 27967 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13928 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11735 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9375 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7945All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 55All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Login Connect with Facebook Connect with Google Or use your Email address Login Sign up Email / Username Password Back Login Forgot password? Email_Id Back Send Full Name Email Address Password Back Register Search FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE   Login Monday, Jan 16, 2017 TODAY'S PAPER FRONT BACK PESHAWAR AFGHANISTAN KARACHI DISTRICT INTERNATIONAL EDITORIAL OPINION E-BUSINESS SPORTS E-AFGHANISTAN LETTERS HOME E-CAPITAL PAKISTAN GLOBAL AFGHANISTAN BUSINESS SPORTS CRICKET HOCKEY ISLAMABAD CONTACT US ABOUT US Etihad Airways introduces third daily flight to Riyadh in Global 2017-01-10 13:44:02 349 Views RIYADH (NNI): Etihad Airways is introducing a third daily flight on the Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route, effective 1February 2017. The extra services underscore the airline’s commitment to offer guests greater choice and more travel options between the capital cities of the United Arab Emirates and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, said a statement issued here on Tuesday. The new daily late night departures from both Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are timed to allow guests to spend full days in either city. Arrivals into Abu Dhabi International Airport provide guests with more connections to early morning services to Europe, North America and the Indian Subcontinent. These include London, Paris, Frankfurt, New York, Delhi and Mumbai. Together with a Boeing 777 and the recently-introduced Boeing 787on the route, the new service will increase the number of weekly seats to 10,600 between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh. Codeshare partner flynas will continue to operate a daily flight on the route. Kevin Knight, Etihad Aviation Group Chief Strategy and Planning Officer, said: “Our expanded services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are in line with Etihad Airways’ strategy to offer more choice, greater frequency and additional travel options when aircraft availability and market conditions permit. “The extra flights will cater to the strong demand between thetwo capital cities, and bring closer our global network to Riyadh over our Abu Dhabi hub.” Etihad Airways launched scheduled flights to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with services to Riyadh in 2004, and has steadily grown capacity with additional frequencies and aircraft upgrades to its current double daily operation. From February 1, the airline will operate 70 return flights each week to and from four Saudi cities. On the Riyadh route alone, Etihad Airways has flown more than 2.5 million guests since 2004. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam provide travelers with even more choice.   Related News China warns Trump that Taiwan policy is 'non-negotiable' 2017-01-15 05:53:34 US envoy warns against cutting funding to UN 2017-01-14 11:03:25 Indian army chief threatens Pakistan with surgical strikes 2017-01-13 13:47:53 Barack Obama awards VP Joe Biden with top civilian honour, calls him an extraordinary man 2017-01-13 12:59:51 Trump Organization handover plan slammed by ethics chief 2017-01-12 14:30:02 Etihad Airways introduces third daily flight to Riyadh 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Multimedia Headlines 0000 16th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Sawal Yeh Hai 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Bulletin 2100 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Headlines 2300 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Headlines 2200 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Zimmedar Kaun 15th January 2017 2017-01-10 13:44:02 Most Read Renovation at shrine completes Traffic police imposes Rs5.5m fine PTI politics to end: MNA Gang arrested, 20 bikes recovered Tourists arrive in Galyat Action against resisting 5th grade assessment exam warned MNA stresses to rid Bajaur of dispute, enmities DBA Hafizabad polls Batti, Rana elected President, GS Man shot dead over minor issue, 2 killed in road mishaps Import of non-iodized salt to be stopped from Punjab Blog Posts Education a ladder to height of development 5 Incredible Movies you have never seen The tale of two resignations Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Feed Cricket Print Edition Editorial Sports Today's Paper Opinion Business Afghanistan Entertainment Editor's Choice Pakhto TV Contact Us About Us Web Tarrif Print Tarrif Newsletter  Accept Term & conditions TheFrontierpost.Com will be not responsible for content appearing in the news,articles and comments © Copyright 2014 thefrontierpost.com All Rights Reserved Scroll To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing joins group lobbying to keep $8.7 billion in tax breaks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 12:00pm EST Boeing joins group lobbying to keep $8.7 billion in tax breaks By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE Jan 10 Boeing Co has joined a new coalition lobbying to preserve $8.7 billion in tax breaks that Washington state gave its aerospace industry in 2013, the group said. The organization, launched on Tuesday, indicates growing opposition to changing the incentives, and aims to counter efforts by some state lawmakers to tie the tax breaks to employment in the state, Maud Daudon, chief executive officer of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, said in an interview. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Next In Market News PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - Jan 16 Jan 16 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Shareholders to seek part of Peabody Energy reorganization -Barron's NEW YORK, Jan 15 Shareholders of bankrupt Peabody Energy Corp will seek this week to be part of a reorganized company whose prospects have brightened after a recent surge in coal prices and its stock, Barron's reported in its Sunday issue. Davos elite faces evaporating trust in 'post-truth' era DAVOS, Switzerland, Jan 16 Trust in governments, companies and the media plunged last year as ballots from the United States to Britain to the Philippines rocked political establishments and scandals hit business. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US Air Force's X-37B space plane reaches 600 days in orbit - and its mission STILL remains a mystery X-37B drone blasted off on a mysterious mission on May 20, 2015 Theories range from it being a space bomber to destroying satellites The flight is testing a system that makes satellites easy to manoeuvre This is probably a small part of the vehicle's true mission, say experts By Ellie Zolfagharifard for MailOnline Published: 10:10 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 10:24 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 152 shares 86 View comments The US Air Force's mystery military space plane has now been in orbit for 600 days.  The X-37B space plane, an experimental program run by the Air Force, launched atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket on May 20, 2015. While some details of its payload have been revealed - we still do not know exactly what's on board.  Theories have ranged from it being a space bomber, to a probe on a mission to 'take out' spy satellites. Scroll down for video The US Air Force's mystery military space plane has now been in orbit for 600 days. The X-37B space plane, an experimental program run by the Air Force, launched atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket on May 20, 2015.  Pictured is an artist's impression X-37B'S MYSTERY MISSIONS  The U.S. Air Force's unmanned X-37B space plane has flown three previous secret missions to date. Each time it has carried a mystery payload on long-duration flights in Earth orbit. The spacecraft looks similar to Nasa's space shuttle but is much smaller. The X-37B is about 29ft (8.8m) long and 9.5ft (2.9 m) tall. It has a wingspan of just less than 15ft (4.6 m). At launch, it weighs 11,000lbs (4,990kg). The craft is taken into orbit on a rocket but lands like the space shuttle by gliding down to Earth. While it's main mission payload is a mystery, Nasa has revealed it has a materials experiment aboard. The Planetary Society is tagging along with a solar-sail demo.  Ten CubeSat nanosatellites are also taking a piggyback ride into orbit.  If the spacecraft spends 74 more days in orbit, it will break the record it set during its last mission, which touched down in October 2014. The mystery vehicle, essentially a technology test bed, is designed to orbit the Earth and then land like one of Nasa's old shuttles. According to X-37B manufacturer Boeing, the space plane operates in low-earth orbit, between 110 (177km) and 500 miles (800km) above earth. By comparison, the International Space Station orbits at about 220 miles (350km).  While its main mission payload is a mystery, Nasa has revealed it has a materials experiment aboard, while the Planetary Society is tagging along with a solar-sail demo.   Called LightSail, it uses a propulsion system that uses the pressure of photons from the sun, a technique known as solar sailing.  Nine other CubeSat nanosatellites are also taking a piggyback ride into orbit.  The space plane - one of two of the same design - is operated robotically, without anyone on board, and is reusable. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next A massive chunk of Hawaii has fallen into the ocean:... Pentagon tests the world's largest hive-mind-controlled... Was Facebook's Oculus Rift built with STOLEN technology?... Retroviruses like HIV have been attacking immune systems for... Share this article Share 152 shares It is 29ft (8.8m) long — about one-fourth the size of a Nasa shuttle. The longest X-37B flight lasted about 675 days; touchdown was last October. There is no official word on exactly how long this one will stay up, although report suggest it will return to Earth later this year. When the plane does return, it will land in Nasa's Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Florida. There is no official word on exactly how long this one will stay up, although report suggest it will return to Earth later this year  A former KSC space-shuttle facility will enable the Air Force 'to efficiently land, recover, refurbish and relaunch the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV),' Boeing representatives told Space.com. In an unprecedented disclosure, last year the Department of Defense did reveal some details about the X-37B's main mission. '[We] are investigating an experimental propulsion system on the X-37B on Mission 4,' Captain Chris Hoyler, an Air Force spokesman, told Space.com.  'The Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office will also host a number of advance materials onboard the X-37B for Nasa to study the durability of various materials in the space environment,' Hoyler added.  Theories have ranged from it being a space bomber, to a clandestine probe on a mission to 'take out' spy satellites. Pictured is the Atlas V rocket carrying the mysterious payload moments (left) after launch last year, and just before (right) Like a shuttle, X-37B is blasted into orbit by a rocket. However, it lands using a runway like a normal aircraft. The X-37B is too small to carry people onboard, but does have a cargo bay similar to that of a pickup truck, which is just large enough to carry a small satellite TOP FOUR CONSPIRACY THEORIES The space plane is a spy plane: The leading theory appears to be that the unmanned space plane is a shuttle-shaped surveillance vehicle.  It could be a space bomber: This is the least likely theory, according tot Seven Aftergood, a secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists. He claims the US doesn't need this capability.  It is on a mission is to 'take out' satellites: This activity would be easily traceable, making it unlikely to stay a secret.  The X-37B deploys spy satellites: Instead of destroying them, the theory suggests that the space plane's orbit matches up to where deployed satellites would work best for spying on other countries. He added the vehicle's mission 'cannot be specified' but that it will enhance 'the development of the concept of operations for reusable space vehicles'. Spaceflightnow.com revealed more details of the flight, which is described as a 'hall thruster electric propulsion test.' It is intended to improve performance of the units onboard Advanced Extremely High Frequency (AEHF) military communications spacecraft, officials claim. AEHF satellites' Hall thrusters are 4.5-kilowatt units that use electricity and xenon to produce thrust for moving satellites in space. The benefit of using electric propulsion is that its xenon fuel weighs much less than traditional hydrazine. This technology could help in the development of technologies to control satellites with better accuracy.  However, experts claim that refining an advanced manoeuvring thruster is probably just a small part of the vehicle's true mission set.  The US Air Force's top secret X-37B space plane was caught on camera in 2015 by a team of amateur astronomers. South African astronomer Greg Roberts captured this of the space plane in two-second–long exposures just a few weeks after launch An infrared view of the X-37B unmanned spacecraft landing at Vandenberg Air Force Base. The purpose of the U.S. military's space plane is classified One leading secrecy expert previously told DailyMail.com the drone is 'very likely' be used to test technologies that will increase spying capabilities of the US. 'The US government has a bottomless appetite for sensitive information,' said Steven Aftergood, a secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists. 'As powerful as our intelligence satellites may be, they also have their limitations - most notably the limitations imposed by their orbital parameters. 'It's conceivable that a spy plane would introduce new versatility into overhead reconnaissance.'  The X-37B space drone, otherwise known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, is blasted into orbit by a rocket. However, it lands using a runway like a normal aircraft.  The X-program has bounced between several federal agencies, Nasa among them, since 1999. The plane has been in space for a total of 674 days, far more than its two previous flights which lasted 225 and 469 days The X-37B is too small to carry people onboard, but does have a cargo bay similar to that of a pickup truck, which is just large enough to carry a small satellite. The X-program has bounced between several federal agencies, Nasa among them, since 1999. The program's first mission launched in April 2010 and landed in December that year. The second space plane took off on March 2011 and came back to Earth in June 2012. One secrecy expert has told DailyMail.com that the drone (artist's impression ) is 'likely' to be a spy plane. The program's first mission launched in April 2010 and landed in December that year This December 3, 2010, image by the Vandenberg Air Force Base shows technicians examining the X-37B unmanned spaceplane shortly after landing at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California Read more: Mysterious X-37B Military Space Plane to Fly Again Next Month New details emerge about electric propulsion experiment aboard X-37B | Spaceflight Now Mystery Mission: Air Force's X-37B Space Plane Nears 1 Year in Orbit Air Force's X-37B Space Plane Mystery Mission Wings by 500 Days in Orbit Share or comment on this article e-mail 152 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (86) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  160 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus finalises deal to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi's flynas - sources By Reuters Published: 09:26 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 09:26 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Alexander Cornwell DUBAI, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Airbus has finalised an agreement to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi Arabian budget carrier flynas, according to industry sources, a move that could help the European planemaker keep ahead of Boeing in the annual race for new orders. The order from flynas, partly owned by Saudi billionaire Prince al-Waleed bin Talal's investment vehicle, is expected to cover over 60 A320neo narrow body jets, one of the sources with direct knowledge of the deal told Reuters. An order for 60 A320neos would be worth $6.4 billion at list prices though it is common for manufacturers to grant discounts. Including purchasing options, the agreement includes 100 A320neos, sources said. The order could be announced as early as Wednesday at Airbus' annual press conference so that it can be included in the planemaker's 2016 sales numbers, though one source said the buyer might not be identified. The sources requested anonymity as the details were still private. Airbus and flynas declined to comment. The A320neo sale would be Airbus's first in the Middle East since Qatar Airways refused deliveries in December 2015 and said it would swap its order for a larger version. Flynas, which launched as Nas Air in 2007 and first turned a profit in 2015, has been negotiating an order for at least 60 narrow body jets with Airbus and rival planemaker Boeing since as early as April 2016. Flynas Chief Executive Paul Byrne said on April 27 whichever manufacturer it chose would over time become the sole supplier. The order, which would replace and expand a fleet of leased A320s, would give flynas one of the largest Middle East low cost fleets after state-owned flydubai, which operate 57 Boeing 737-800s and has more than 100 scheduled for delivery by 2023. Flynas is facing increasing competition domestically, where it conducts the majority of its operations. Start-up SaudiGulf Airlines and Saudi-owned, Egypt-based Nesma airline were both granted domestic operating licences in 2016, while state-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines has announced plans for its own budget carrier, Flyadeal, to launch in mid-2017 with a target of 50 jets by 2020. Qatar Airways-owned Al Maha is waiting for a domestic Saudi operating license. Saudi Arabia wants to expand its aviation and tourism sectors following the success of its Gulf neighbours Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. It plans to encourage non-religious tourism as part of major national reforms aimed at moving the country's economy away from oil dependence. (Reporting Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Susan Fenton and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Kellyanne Conway: Details of Russia investigation should be kept secret ‘to protect the public’ Conn. Republican arrested for grabbing woman’s genitals — his lawyer says it was ‘a playful gesture’ Scandal-plagued megachurch pastor Bishop Eddie Long dies of cancer Israeli spies: Trump ‘golden showers’ dossier only one of many troubling reports being investigated ‘You are so predictable’: Twitter excoriates Trump over weekly anti-SNL tweets ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ ‘Ugh’: 3 Doors Down fans respond to news the band is playing Trump’s inauguration WATCH: Alec Baldwin returns to SNL to brutally mock Donald Trump’s Russian pee-pee parties Michael Moore backs up John Lewis with 6 reasons Trump is an ‘illegitimate president’ ‘The Twilight Zone returns’: Scottish newspaper’s TV guide preview of Trump inauguration goes viral Evidence from the states shows why Trump’s brand of Carrier-style dealmaking won’t work The Conversation 10 Jan 2017 at 08:20 ET                    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, pictured on August 6, 2016, has garnered disdain from a large swath of America's political, defense and security establishment for his unorthodox -- some say downright dangerous -- views (AFP Photo/Scott Eisen) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory In late November, President-elect Donald Trump announced that he had reached a deal with Carrier to keep about 800 manufacturing jobs in Indiana from moving to Mexico. After the announcement, we learned that the Indiana Economic Development Corporation would give US$7 million in tax credits and grants to Carrier’s parent company in exchange for keeping the jobs in the state. Trump proudly praised the agreement as a “great deal for workers” and said that it was part of a larger approach to keep jobs at home, saying “this is the way it’s going to be.” Having the chief executive of the United States negotiate individualized deals with corporations is certainly a new approach to economic policy nationally, though it is not without precedent. In fact, state governments have been negotiating targeted incentives with corporations for decades. My research focuses on why states use incentives to attract and retain investment from corporations and whether they are effective. My work, as well as that of many others, shows that these deals do not create the jobs and economic growth they are purported to. A common economic tool Every year, states spend billions of dollars to entice companies to create jobs within their borders. These inducements include some combination of property, sales and income tax credits and rebates, tax abatements, cash grants and cost reimbursements. The deals are meant to reduce costs for the businesses that receive them in order to encourage their investment and job growth in a particular location. The most prominent packages usually grab headlines nationally. In 2013, for example, Boeing received $8.7 billion in tax breaks from Washington state to secure the production of the 777x. This record-breaking package came shortly after Boeing had received $900 million from South Carolina for opening a new 787 assembly plant in Charleston. Other examples include Tesla receiving $1.3 billion from Nevada in 2014 to subsidize a battery factory outside Reno and the Los Angeles Rams collecting $180 million in sales tax revenue from Inglewood for relocating there from St. Louis this year. Just as Carrier threatened to move jobs to Mexico and promptly received a tax break, so too did Sears receive millions from Illinois to keep its headquarters in Chicago back in 1989. From 1984 to 2012, incentive spending increased in the states from about $500 million per year to about $13 billion per year, according spending data gathered by the Good Jobs First Subsidy Tracker. Has it worked? Despite the hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives thrown their way, many companies have still decided to move more manufacturing jobs and corporate headquarters overseas. This is because corporations consider many other factors when making decisions about where to build a factory or establish a tax home. In a 2016 survey, incentives lagged behind skilled labor, labor costs, highway access, corporate tax rates, available buildings, construction costs, proximity to markets and quality of life as important factors for location decisions. For example, scholars have found that the Sun Belt has been able to attract investment away from the Rust Belt because it has lower wages but similar access to the interstate highway system. In other words, jobs move (or don’t) based on the overall range of costs facing employers, which are determined by larger economic trends and policies and not necessarily by individually negotiated deals. When subsidies do matter is when corporations are choosing between equally strong locations. In those situations, incentives serve as “deal sweeteners” but don’t change the fundamental reasons for why the location was considered in the first place. In light of the realities of corporate location decisions, there is scant evidence to support the arguments that targeted incentives produce economic growth. Rather, the evidence shows that they tend to fail to achieve their intended goals. Often, subsidies fall short of job creation targets and fail to create growth, even if they retain jobs. As University of Iowa scholars Alan Peters and Peter Fisher argue, based on a review of several studies of their impact, “incentives work about 10 percent of the time and are simply a waste of money the other 90 percent.” One reason why scholars have struggled to measure the impact of incentives is because of the complexity of the economy. Economic growth is affected mostly by national and international forces. State economic development strategies have little effect when compared with broad national economic policies. The wrong kind of impact Subsidies still can have an effect on economic behavior, just not in the way they were intended, such as by encouraging rent-seeking. Critics of the Carrier deal have already noted that Trump may have opened the federal government up to increased threats from companies to move overseas unless they receive more incentives (aka rent-seeking). In the days following the Carrier deal, Ford Motor (already one of the largest recipients of state-level spending) expressed a willingness to make a deal with Trump to retain jobs scheduled to move overseas. In a first move, Ford announced that it had canceled a planned investment in Mexico and will instead invest $700 million in its Flat Rock, Michigan, plant. There is also some evidence that incentives can exacerbate economic inequality. Incentives, when used to influence location decisions, tend to be awarded to the largest and wealthiest corporations. These corporations need the money the least of all businesses and usually receive the money for making investments they likely would have made anyway in order to remain competitive. The result is that fewer resources are available for education, workforce training and social services. As a result, the gap between rich and poor tends to grow. Raising red flags While it is laudable that several hundred Indianans get to celebrate the holiday season with their jobs secure, evidence from the states raises red flags on the viability of targeted incentives as a national policy for growth. Not only would Trump be needing to negotiate several packages per week in order to have a noticeable effect on the U.S. economy, doing so opens the government up to increased demands for subsidies, most likely from the wealthiest corporations, and could exacerbate income inequality in America. By Joshua Jansa, Assistant Professor of Political Science, Oklahoma State University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the Author Next on Raw Story > John Lewis is a true American profile in courage By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories John Lewis is a true American profile in courage Filmmaker Michael Moore organizing star-studded pre-inauguration rally for NYC Trump says more countries could exit EU over refugee migration Chronic winter headaches may he due to vitamin D deficiency ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ News from idealmedia.com New Videos A president needs ‘stamina’ and ‘thick skin’: Obama subtly jabs Trump in last presidential interview A ‘prayer shield’ and a ‘wall of meat’: Christians and bikers vow to protect Trump at inauguration Pro-Trump pastor goes ballistic on CNN: ‘Since when did Russia become a threat?’ WATCH: Colorado Republican secretly flees town hall to avoid constituents mad about gutting Obamacare Reince Priebus resorts to intimidation: ‘The head of the government ethics ought to be careful’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Monday 16 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad Airways to fly thrice daily to Riyadh ABU DHABI, 5 days ago UAE national carrier Etihad Airways is introducing a third daily flight on the Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route, effective February 1. The new daily late night departures from both Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are timed to allow guests to spend full days in either city. Arrivals into Abu Dhabi International Airport provide guests with more connections to early morning services to Europe, North America and the Indian Subcontinent. These include London, Paris, Frankfurt, New York, Delhi and Mumbai. Together with a Boeing 777 and the recently-introduced Boeing 787on the route, the new service will increase the number of weekly seats to 10,600 between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh. Codeshare partner flynas will continue to operate a daily flight on the route. Kevin Knight, Etihad Aviation Group chief strategy and planning officer, said: “Our expanded services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh are in line with Etihad Airways’ strategy to offer more choice, greater frequency and additional travel options when aircraft availability and market conditions permit. “The extra flights will cater to the strong demand between the two capital cities, and bring closer our global network to Riyadh over our Abu Dhabi hub.” Etihad Airways launched scheduled flights to Saudi Arabia with services to Riyadh in 2004, and has steadily grown capacity with additional frequencies and aircraft upgrades to its current double daily operation. From February 1, the airline will operate 70 return flights each week to and from four Saudi cities. On the Riyadh route alone, Etihad Airways has flown more than 2.5 million guests since 2004. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, Jeddah and Dammam provide travellers with even more choice. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad Airways | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Jannah Burj Al Sarab launches exclusive IDEX room package Over 860 hotels under construction in MEA Air France launches B787 flights to Cairo German flight from Oman makes emergency landing in Kuwait Sheraton Amman Al Nabil honours partners, SPG Pro Members Ajman tourism receives top recognition Exclusive 'His' and 'Her' packages at Saray Spa Marriott Al Forsan, Abu Dhabi appoints executive team Tawasy Group ventures into fine dining segment Qatar Airways to launch Las Vegas flights Emirates to launch daily flights to Croatia Boeing, SpiceJet in $22bn deal for 205 planes Alison Nelson’s Chocolate Bar opens in Bahrain Nikki Beach Resort & Spa Dubai sees good year ahead Turkish Airlines plans flights to Ukrainian city Global Jet Centre launches new website KHC announces Flynas’ $8.6bn deal with Airbus Mosaid Travel selects Sabre to personalise travel offerings Jumeirah Zabeel Saray offers Super Brunch AccorHotels Egypt join charitable initiative Middle East passenger traffic up 12pc in November Tickets launched for Bride shows in Dubai, Abu Dhabi Iran Air takes delivery of its first Airbus A321 Airbus achieves record 688 aircraft deliveries Shop Qatar takes festivities to Doha Corniche Dubai RTA in deal with Uber to deploy 14,000 cars Ritz-Carlton Dubai unveils new activities Seafood Market to celebrate 24 years of success Kite Festival on Anantara Sir Bani Yas Island on Feb 3 Qatar Airways Holidays offers great packages Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video S.F. rally to save Obamacare draws Joan Baez, political leaders Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ in Obamacare replacement Kevin Starr, historian and former state librarian, dead at 76 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Contra Costa County deputy arrested for firing gun at party AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Curry seems to be back on track since loss to Cavs 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy Report: Ex-49ers coach Kelly interviewed with Jaguars It’s official: Justin Wilcox is Cal’s next football coach Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack For young entrepreneurs, college debts can snuff out startup Aerospace firms start recruiting in prekindergarten Air India’s women-only row; Lyft’s big loss; driverless in A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Julia Cho’s ‘Aubergine’ wins 2017 Glickman Award The latest from Dear Abby Live Nation acquires major stake in BottleRock festival ‘Patriots Day’ skillfully shoehorns tragedy into formula Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Riddler opens in Hayes Valley Announcing the Chronicle's 2017 wine competition winners 10 ideas for where to put the French Laundry’s temporary Cafe St. Jorge gets new owners on Mission Street Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Underwater towns of Northern California Top 10 home decor trends for 2017 Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 14th Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Lower East Side reaching higher as destination Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Simply perfect’ contemporary awaits in Russian Hill Gothic Tudor formerly owned by Nicolas Cage asks $12 Hot Property: Full-floor penthouse inside Haight Ashbury Is this supercool Oakland pad an incredible bargain? Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Evidence-from-states-shows-why-Trump-s-brand-of-10846297.php Evidence from states shows why Trump’s brand of Carrier-style dealmaking won't work Joshua Jansa, Oklahoma State University Published 6:23 pm, Monday, January 9, 2017 Joshua Jansa, Oklahoma State University In late November, President-elect Donald Trump announced that he had reached a deal with Carrier to keep about 800 manufacturing jobs in Indiana from moving to Mexico. After the announcement, we learned that the Indiana Economic Development Corporation would give US$7 million in tax credits and grants to Carrier’s parent company in exchange for keeping the jobs in the state. Trump proudly praised the agreement as a “great deal for workers” and said that it was part of a larger approach to keep jobs at home, saying “this is the way it’s going to be.” Having the chief executive of the United States negotiate individualized deals with corporations is certainly a new approach to economic policy nationally, though it is not without precedent. In fact, state governments have been negotiating targeted incentives with corporations for decades. My research focuses on why states use incentives to attract and retain investment from corporations and whether they are effective. My work, as well as that of many others, shows that these deals do not create the jobs and economic growth they are purported to. Every year, states spend billions of dollars to entice companies to create jobs within their borders. These inducements include some combination of property, sales and income tax credits and rebates, tax abatements, cash grants and cost reimbursements. The deals are meant to reduce costs for the businesses that receive them in order to encourage their investment and job growth in a particular location. The most prominent packages usually grab headlines nationally. In 2013, for example, Boeing received $8.7 billion in tax breaks from Washington state to secure the production of the 777x. This record-breaking package came shortly after Boeing had received $900 million from South Carolina for opening a new 787 assembly plant in Charleston. Other examples include Tesla receiving $1.3 billion from Nevada in 2014 to subsidize a battery factory outside Reno and the Los Angeles Rams collecting $180 million in sales tax revenue from Inglewood for relocating there from St. Louis this year. Just as Carrier threatened to move jobs to Mexico and promptly received a tax break, so too did Sears receive millions from Illinois to keep its headquarters in Chicago back in 1989. From 1984 to 2012, incentive spending increased in the states from about $500 million per year to about $13 billion per year, according spending data gathered by the Good Jobs First Subsidy Tracker. Despite the hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives thrown their way, many companies have still decided to move more manufacturing jobs and corporate headquarters overseas. This is because corporations consider many other factors when making decisions about where to build a factory or establish a tax home. In a 2016 survey, incentives lagged behind skilled labor, labor costs, highway access, corporate tax rates, available buildings, construction costs, proximity to markets and quality of life as important factors for location decisions. For example, scholars have found that the Sun Belt has been able to attract investment away from the Rust Belt because it has lower wages but similar access to the interstate highway system. In other words, jobs move (or don’t) based on the overall range of costs facing employers, which are determined by larger economic trends and policies and not necessarily by individually negotiated deals. When subsidies do matter is when corporations are choosing between equally strong locations. In those situations, incentives serve as “deal sweeteners” but don’t change the fundamental reasons for why the location was considered in the first place. In light of the realities of corporate location decisions, there is scant evidence to support the arguments that targeted incentives produce economic growth. Rather, the evidence shows that they tend to fail to achieve their intended goals. Often, subsidies fall short of job creation targets and fail to create growth, even if they retain jobs. As University of Iowa scholars Alan Peters and Peter Fisher argue, based on a review of several studies of their impact, “incentives work about 10 percent of the time and are simply a waste of money the other 90 percent.” One reason why scholars have struggled to measure the impact of incentives is because of the complexity of the economy. Economic growth is affected mostly by national and international forces. State economic development strategies have little effect when compared with broad national economic policies. Subsidies still can have an effect on economic behavior, just not in the way they were intended, such as by encouraging rent-seeking. Critics of the Carrier deal have already noted that Trump may have opened the federal government up to increased threats from companies to move overseas unless they receive more incentives (aka rent-seeking). In the days following the Carrier deal, Ford Motor (already one of the largest recipients of state-level spending) expressed a willingness to make a deal with Trump to retain jobs scheduled to move overseas. In a first move, Ford announced that it had canceled a planned investment in Mexico and will instead invest $700 million in its Flat Rock, Michigan, plant. There is also some evidence that incentives can exacerbate economic inequality. Incentives, when used to influence location decisions, tend to be awarded to the largest and wealthiest corporations. These corporations need the money the least of all businesses and usually receive the money for making investments they likely would have made anyway in order to remain competitive. The result is that fewer resources are available for education, workforce training and social services. As a result, the gap between rich and poor tends to grow. While it is laudable that several hundred Indianans get to celebrate the holiday season with their jobs secure, evidence from the states raises red flags on the viability of targeted incentives as a national policy for growth. Not only would Trump be needing to negotiate several packages per week in order to have a noticeable effect on the U.S. economy, doing so opens the government up to increased demands for subsidies, most likely from the wealthiest corporations, and could exacerbate income inequality in America. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ after Obamacare goes 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Bikers for Trump will form 'wall of meat' to protect inauguration Former California librarian Kevin Starr dies at 76 SF rally to save Obamacare draws almost 2,000 Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Buzzfeed picks this burger over In-N-Out, Shake Shack Fast food chains the Bay Area doesn't have (but needs) Does Texas burger chain live up to the hype? In-N-Out's reclusive heiress reveals shocking personal details Two tossed out of GoCar in SF Mission wreck Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Hunters claiming to be shot by Mexicans shot each other Facebook will filter 'fake news' in Germany Photography festival coming to San Francisco Foo Fighters, Tom Petty to headline BottleRock 2017 TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best-selling artist born in each state Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia Underwater towns of Northern California SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Get 66% off these waterproof bags to keep your things dry in... Save half off this commuter-friendly bag to carry your... Most Popular 1 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 2 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 3 Richmond teacher faces life in prison after being found guilty... 4 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy 5 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District 6 American Apparel to close all of its stores 7 Noisy Air Force transport jets startle Marin County residents 8 Bay Area woman killed in Mendocino crash, passenger stranded... 9 ‘SNL': Watch Golden Showers Ruin Alec Baldwin’s Trump’s... 10 ‘Fresh Off the Boat’ Author Eddie Huang Responds to Steve... LATEST NEWS Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ after Obamacare goes 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Bikers for Trump will form 'wall of meat' to protect inauguration Former California librarian Kevin Starr dies at 76 SF rally to save Obamacare draws almost 2,000 Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Advertise With Us Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone Advertise With Us News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Advertise With Us More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Advertise With Us Airlineroute.net Philippine Airlines proposes Kuala Lumpur resumption in June 2017 Malindo Air adds various China charters in 1Q17 Vietnam Airlines plans new A350 China service in S17 Vietnam Airlines schedules Hanoi – Sydney 1Q17 launch Rwandair S17 operation changes as of 13JAN17 View All Swiss S17 Boeing 777 European operations as of 09JAN17 Routes Americas 2017 News Header Swiss S17 Boeing 777 European operations as of 09JAN17 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 10 January 2017 00:30 Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @airlineroute 36,476 followers Swiss in summer 2017 season is extending planned Boeing 777-300ER operations on intra-European service, currently scheduled until 31MAY17. As of 09JAN17, planned Boeing 777 European service as follow. Zurich – Geneva 27MAR17 – 31MAY17 3-4 weekly Zurich – Hanover 30MAR17 – 31MAY17 3-5 weekly Zurich – Prague 28MAR17 – 31MAY17 3-6 weekly Zurich – Vienna 31MAR17 – 28MAY17 2-3 weekly Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Register for Routes Europe in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 About The Author... Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute.net newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations View View View View View View Related Topics Zurich Airport Prague Airport Swiss International Air Lines Ltd. Hannover Airport Star Alliance Genève Aéroport Europe Vienna International Airport Summer 2017 Download The Fundamentals of Route Development This exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Related Stories SWISS updates W16 Boeing 777 European operations Posted 27 July 2016 09:00 Swiss S17 Avro RJ100 operations as of 09JAN17 Posted 10 January 2017 00:01 Swiss outlines last Avro RJ100 service in Oct 2017 Posted 7 November 2016 10:30 SWISS Outlines CS100 Operations from mid-July 2016 Posted 21 April 2016 17:10 Update as of 17DEC15: SWISS Feb – Aug 2016 Boeing 777 European Operations Posted 17 December 2015 05:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Aerolineas Argentinas Rome NS17 service changes Posted 13 January 2017 09:30 Aerolineas Argentinas in Northern summer 2017 season is adjusting operations for Buenos Aires Ezeiza – Rome service. Currently served by... Read more JAL Jakarta aircraft changes in March 2017 Posted 13 January 2017 11:00 JAL in this week’s inventory update adjusted planned operational aircraft for Tokyo Narita – Jakarta route. From 28FEB17, JL725/726... Read more Qatar Airways S17 service changes as of 13JAN17 Posted 13 January 2017 05:45 Qatar Airways this week made additional service adjustment for summer 2017 season, focusing on aircraft changes. Planned service update as follow.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2017 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes for getting arrested after putting gun to new girlfriend's head in drunken row Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' Previous Next Obamas' final ride: Family will get last trip on 'Air Force One' after leaving White House (even though their new home is just two miles away) The Obamas will take advantage of traditional perk on offer to former First Families as soon as they leave office: A flight on a presidential plane  The adapted Boeing 747 is not technically Air Force One unless the president is aboard  Obamas are moving to new rented home in Kalorama, just two miles from the White House but still have home in Chicago The destination of flight from Andrews Air Force Base is not yet disclosed  By Associated Press Published: 14:10 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 20:16 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail 122 shares 217 View comments He won't be president anymore, but Barack Obama will take one last flight on the presidential plane next week before handing it over to Donald Trump. Outgoing presidents traditionally are allowed one final flight on the famed blue-and-white aircraft. President George W. Bush used it to fly to Midland, Texas, with his wife and family just after Obama was inaugurated. The Obamas plan to continue living in Washington in a rented home after leaving the White House. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest says the Obamas will still leave Washington by plane shortly after Trump's inaugural ceremony. No word yet on where they're heading. Although the plane will be the same, technically it won't be Air Force One. That designation is used only when the sitting president is on board. One more flight: The Obamas had been thought to have to taken their last family trip on Air Force one on January 2, when they returned from Hawaii, but will ride on the presidential plane again on January 20  Bushes say goodbye: George W. Bush used his final flight after leaving office to take his wife Laura, mother Barbara and father, former president George H.W. Bush, to Midland, Texas Start of a new journey: The Clintons were not leaving public life completely when they landed at JFK, New York, on board a VC-25 as Hillary Clinton was starting her life as junior senator from the state The plane will be one of the AIr Force's two - identical - modified Boeing 747s, which are known as VC-25s. It is a perk which every president has spoken of their love for flying on the plane. a symbol of both presidential office and American technological power. Obama said of it in one of his weekly radio addresses shortly before the election: 'I’m going to be honest with you – one of the best parts of being President is having your own plane.  'And I’m going to miss it. A lot.' Until the Monday announcement it had seemed likely that the final flight of the Obamas would be their return from the family's Hawaiian Christmas and New Year vacation. Their younger daughter, Sasha, is a student at Sidwell Friends School in the capital and is likely to have school as normal on the Monday after the Obamas leave the White House. Their new rented home is in Kalorama, just two miles from their current one in the White House residence. The right to a final flight had, of course, been used by other departing presidents. In 2009, George W Bush took a Marine helicopter flight to Andrews Air Force base with his wife Laura, and his parents - former president George H.W. Bush and former first lady, Barbara. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Son-in-law Jared Kushner WILL join the Trump administration... Al Sharpton calls for 'season of civil disobedience' ahead... 'I accept this award on behalf of psychopathic billionaires... 'They'll all pass': Trump dismisses Democrat bid to upend... Longtime inauguration parade announcer, now 89, says he... Trump hails 'million jobs' promise from billionaire founder... Share this article Share 122 shares Farewell to all this too: Unusually Donald Trump is giving up a plane by becoming president - in his case his personalized Boeing 757 Lap of luxury: Air Force One might be a step down for the president-elect - his own plane has personalized gold seat belts HOW DO THEY MEASURE UP?  Air Force One A customized Boeing 747-200B, bearing the words 'United States of America' and the President's seal Top speed of 563mph and room for an entire West Wing of presidential advisers A mobile command center, 4,000 square feet of floor space on three levels, a medical suite/operating room, two food preparation galleys which can feed 100 people     Trump's plane  A Boeing 757-200, which was bought in 2011 and kitted out at a cost of $100m, it is embossed with the legend 'Trump' Top speed of 500mph and space for 43 passengers  Marble and gold bathroom, 24-carat gold-plated seatblets, a video lounge with 57-inch screen and sound system similar to a 'top Hollywood screening room'   In 2001, Bill Clinton, his wife Hillary and daughter Chelsea flew to New York's JFK airport to start a new life in Chappaqua, New York. Hillary Clinton had just won her first election to become the junior senator for New York. Her re-election in 2006 was her second and final election victory. And in 1989, Ronald Reagan flew from Andrews to Point Mugu Naval Air Station near the Simi Valley home to where he and Nancy retired. Unusually for inauguration day, the incoming First Family are also losing the use of their plane, in this case Donald Trump's personalized Boeing 757. Although the narrow-bodied jet is significantly smaller than a 747, it is likely to prove a step down in terms of luxury. Trump will have to give up his personalized decor in favor of that of Air Force One - leaving behind his gold-plated seatbelt with the Trump crest. However he will gain access to an in-flight hospital staffed with military medical personnel, and anti-missile technology, in-flight refueling and a senior Air Force officer at the controls at all times. Share or comment on this article e-mail 122 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (217) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Samsung Electronics finds faulty BATTERIES caused the Galaxy Note 7s to burst into flames and prompted a... EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes after... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... Connecticut politician who was arrested for grabbing a woman's groin insists the 'little pinch' was a... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
▲ Up   09:06 16-01-2017 Sign-up MAIN АКИpress CA-News About us On-line subscription KazakhstanKyrgyzstanMongoliaTajikistanTurkmenistanUzbekistanWorld POLITICSBUSINESSINCIDENTSSOCIETYCULTURESPORTANALYSISSCIENCE Central Asia> business Uzbekistan Airways orders 4 Boeing-787 Dreamliners 12:14, 09 January 2017, 966 AKIPRESS.COM - The national airline of Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Airways seeks to buy 4 more Boeing-787 Dreamliners, according to the website of the Boeing company... You are trying to access paid-for content on our website. We charge 190 som for the access to this news article. Using your personal account in AKIpress system please register or sign in to access this news article. You will receive further instructions after you register/sign in. You may also pay for one-month access to the website content by ordering subscription here. Related content:11/01/17 Uzbekistan lifts ban on export of some products10/01/17 Uzbekistan exports capers to Italy and Spain09/01/17 Uzbekistan postpones visa abolishion for foreigners until 202127/12/16 Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan to simplify border crossing for their citizens23/12/16 Foreign Ministers of Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan meet in Tashkent PHOTO REPORTS Kyrgyz playing European Horseball game VIDEO 15 things to do in Bishkek LIFE IN CENTRAL ASIA The Porcelain Uzbeks LATEST NEWS 08:50 7 Central Asians killed in road accident in Russia18:21 Japan and Australia agree to strengthen defense ties17:36 Air raid targeting IS militant kills up to 30 in Iraq's Mosul: residents16:55 Issyk-Kul main road builders on strike16:00 Three public toilets appeared in Bishkek, 18 more planned to be built15:04 More than 200 komuz players who performed in World Nomad Games II awarded14:23 Gripen jet crashes during air show in Thailand, pilot killed14:13 Uzbekistan, Bangladesh boosting tourism cooperation13:41 Stolen baby found alive in South Carolina 18 years on13:34 Best Osh police officers of 2016 awarded13:13 Jalal-Abad found to be poorest region in Kyrgyzstan in 201512:59 Education Ministry of Kyrgyzstan announces tender for conducting national testing12:30 Trump 'willing to work with Russia and China'12:26 Uzbekistan mulls own military-industrial complex12:08 Consumer prices and tariffs in Kyrgyzstan decrease by 0.5% in 201611:34 Highest growth of real wages among EAEU countries was in Kyrgyzstan in 201611:14 One dies, 2 wounded in car crash on Bishkek-Osh road10:50 Study shows high level of protection of Issyk-Kul cattle and small cattle from brucellosis18:20 Kyrgyzstan's trade turnover with Eurasian Economic Union states totaled $1.7bn in 11 months of 201617:56 Camera trap in Talas records some endangered animals MOST READ 18:20 13.01.17 Kyrgyzstan's trade turnover with Eurasian Economic Union states totaled $1.7bn in 11 months of 201617:48 13.01.17 Mongolian mining companies to cooperate with Chinggis Khaan project17:56 13.01.17 Camera trap in Talas records some endangered animals20:31 12.01.17 Tajik President's son appointed Dushanbe mayor17:08 12.01.17 Mongolia to pay $580 million debt in March12:26 14.01.17 Uzbekistan mulls own military-industrial complex13:13 14.01.17 Jalal-Abad found to be poorest region in Kyrgyzstan in 201511:34 14.01.17 Highest growth of real wages among EAEU countries was in Kyrgyzstan in 201610:50 14.01.17 Study shows high level of protection of Issyk-Kul cattle and small cattle from brucellosis14:13 14.01.17 Uzbekistan, Bangladesh boosting tourism cooperation © AKIpress News Agency - 2001-2017. All rights reserved Republication of any material is prohibited without a written agreement with AKIpress News Agency. Any citation must be accompanied by a hyperlink to akipress.com. Our address: Moskovskaya str. 189, Bishkek, the Kyrgyz Republic e-mail: english@akipress.org, akipressenglish@gmail.com; Tel/Fax: +996(312)90-07-75
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS -1 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (12 p.m.) Markets 114.1 ¥/$ (12 a.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Two U.S. Marine F-35B fighters complete vertical landings aboard the USS Wasp during operational testing in May 2015. | U.S. MARINE CORPS/ LANCE CPL. REMINGTON HALL/ REUTERS/ VIA KYODO National U.S. Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Iwakuni in first overseas operational deployment AFP-JIJI Jan 11, 2017 Article history Online: Jan 11, 2017 Last Modified: Jan 12, 2017 PRINT SHARE WASHINGTON – The U.S. Marine Corps said Tuesday it has sent a squadron of F-35B fighters to Japan, marking the first operational overseas deployment for the controversial jet that is facing scrutiny from President-elect Donald Trump. The planes’ deployment to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni in Yamaguchi Prefecture marks a major milestone for the F-35, which has been bedeviled by technical glitches and soaring cost overruns. With a current development and acquisition price tag already at $379 billion for a total of 2,443 F-35 aircraft, Lockheed Martin’s F-35 is the most expensive plane in history — and costs are set to go higher still. The marines’ version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings. Trump last month sent shock waves through the aerospace industry when he tweeted that he wanted rival Boeing to price out a possible alternative. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump tweeted Dec. 22. The F/A-18 Super Hornet does not have stealth capabilities and has been in use since the late 1990s. Once servicing, maintenance and other costs for the F-35 are factored in over the aircraft’s life span through 2070, overall program costs have been projected to rise to as much as $1.5 trillion. Proponents of the F-35 tout its speed, close air-support capabilities, airborne agility and a massive array of sensors giving pilots unparalleled access to information. “The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air-support platform,” the marines said in a statement. In August, the U.S. Air Force declared an initial squadron of F-35A stealth fighters as ready for combat and said an overseas deployment for that version of the plane was likely early this year. The U.S. Navy’s version of the plane, the F-35C, is built to land on aircraft carriers. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Donald Trump, F-35, Iwakuni, U.S. Marines National Heavy snow delays start times of Japan’s college entrance exams; 12 students caught cheating Yokosuka to give formal thanks to nine, including U.S. servicemen, who rescued family after fatal car plunge Man caught red-handed stealing undercover cop’s wallet at Hokkaido internet cafe Labor office summons Kansai Electric chief in wake of overwork-related suicide Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Something ‘fishy’ is going on at LA’s sushi restaurants Heavy snow falls in Sea of Japan areas; much of country has coldest day of winter Mishima and the maze of sexuality in modern Japan Trump adviser Flynn had five calls with Russian envoy on day of hacking sanctions: sources Security risks abound as Trump feuds with spy agencies, officials say JAXA fails in bid to launch world’s smallest satellite-carrying rocket Abe, Turnbull sign pact boosting Japan-Australia defense ties Media sidesteps calling Japan Tobacco out on advertising conflicts Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by T... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics Special Reports | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 5:13am EST U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo By Lauren Hirsch and Mike Stone | NEW YORK/WASHINGTON NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) Next In Politics Special Reports In fight between casino moguls, a spotlight on the FBI In April 2015, a sworn statement submitted in a Nevada lawsuit between rival casino moguls Steve Wynn and Japan's Kazuo Okada contained an unusual assertion. Its author said Wynn's head of security had asked to meet him in Japan and then persuaded him to travel to the United States to talk to federal agents pursuing a different matter: a criminal bribery probe into Okada. How ties to an 'equestrian princess' landed Samsung at center of a scandal SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co's sponsorship of the equestrian-athlete daughter of a long-time friend of President Park Geun-hye has helped to land South Korea's top company in the center of the country's influence-peddling scandal. U.S. refiners cash in on Mexico's record fuel imports NEW YORK/HOUSTON U.S. Gulf Coast refiners are cashing in on rising fuel demand from Mexico, shipping record volumes to a southern neighbor that has failed to expand its refining network to supply a fast-growing economy. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / David Whitehill Joins Logistics Plus as New Procurement Executive David Whitehill Joins Logistics Plus as New Procurement Executive Posted on January 10, 2017 by LogisticsPlus in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Logistics Plus Inc., a leading worldwide provider of transportation, logistics and supply chain solutions, is proud to announce that David Whitehill has joined the company to head up its Sourcing Solutions division. Whitehill will oversee all Logistics Plus procurement activities, including those that support its global client, WeWork®, the leading co-working space provider in the world. Whitehill will work closely with Logistics Plus personnel, WeWork buyers, and vendors to achieve seamless, cost-effective, and high-quality execution of activities, from procurement to final delivery and installation of furniture and merchandise at WeWork locations worldwide. Whitehill has over a decade of senior buying experience with global companies such as The Boeing Company, and GE Transportation.  His background includes logistics and warehouse management experience with AVI Foodsystems and Erie Aviation, Inc. where he served as Director of Operations.  Whitehill also served in the U.S. Marines for six years as an Aviation Supply Specialist. “We are excited to welcome someone with David’s background and talents to the Logistics Plus family,” said Jim Berlin, founder and CEO for Logistics Plus. “David will play a key role in overseeing the Logistics Plus Sourcing Solutions division and supporting our developing relationship with WeWork and its vendors.” About Logistics Plus Inc. Logistics Plus Inc. provides freight transportation, warehousing, global logistics, and supply chain management solutions through a worldwide network of talented and caring professionals. Founded in Erie, PA by local entrepreneur, Jim Berlin, 20 years ago, Logistics Plus is a fast-growing and award-winning transportation and logistics company. With a strong passion for excellence, its 400+ employees put the PLUS in logistics by doing the big things properly, and the countless little things, that together ensure complete customer satisfaction and success. The Logistics Plus® network includes over a dozen offices in the United States, and numerous more in 20 countries around the world. For more information, visit www.logisticsplus.net or follow @LogisticsPlus on Twitter. Read full release at PRUnderground.com: David Whitehill Joins Logistics Plus as New Procurement Executive. Latest News Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 Business U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 11, 2017 Updated: 6:30 PM, January 11, 2017 NEW YORK/WASHINGTON - Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / January 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Moves Narrowly Green, S&P 500 Closes at No Change January 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Moves Narrowly Green, S&P 500 Closes at No Change Ross Wilkers January 10, 2017 Financial Report, News 173 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index traded narrowly higher Tuesday with help from middle-tier and government services companies to offset losses by large primes as U.S. stocks recorded another mixed session that saw industrials lag and healthcare stocks climb. GovCon Index gainers outnumbered decliners by a 2-to-1 ratio as five of its 11 S&P 500 components closed green with Boeing (NYSE: BA) the top net performer and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) the largest decliner among companies listed in both indices. ICF (Nasdaq: ICFI) led all GCI net gainers after Loop Capital initiated coverage of the government and commercial consulting contractor’s stock with a “Buy” rating at a $65 price target. Shares in Fairfax, Virginia-based ICF have surged 57.39 percent over 52 weeks and ended 2016 as the GovCon Index’s third-best performer. AECOM (NYSE: ACM) and Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA) followed ICF as Monday’s top GCI performers and all three stocks added more than $1.00 each. The GCI’s majority of green stocks helped offset losses by large defense primes Northrop, L3 Technologies (NYSE: LLL), Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) as all four stocks fell by more than $1.00 and Northrop’s decline exceeded $2.00. The S&P 500 composite index closed at no change as healthcare and financials led four S&P 500 sectors higher with real estate the lowest performer among the remaining seven laggards. Gains by health stocks lifted the Nasdaq composite index to both an intraday record and all-time closing high as the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell into negative territory after a brief spike to slightly below 20,000-point barrier. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 89.113 +0.066 +0.074% S&P 500  2,268.90 0.00 0.00 Dow Jones Industrial Average 19,855.53 -31.85 -0.16% NASDAQ 5,551.82 +20.00 +0.36% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 19 Declining GovCon Index Issues 11 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change ICFI ICF 55.25 +1.80 +3.37% ACM AECOM 37.15 +1.12 +3.11% OA Orbital ATK 89.87 +1.07 +1.20% NAV Navistar International 30.63 +0.86 +2.89% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 191.30 +0.85 +0.45% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ ICFI ICF 55.25 +1.80 +3.37% ACM AECOM 37.15 +1.12 +3.11% NAV Navistar International 30.63 +0.86 +2.89% BAESY BAE Systems 29.72 +0.68 +2.34% VEC Vectrus 23.99 +0.54 +2.30% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change NOC Northrop Grumman * 233.11 -2.70 -1.14% LLL L3 Technologies * 150.96 -1.91 -1.25% LMT Lockheed Martin * 256.17 -1.64 -0.64% RTN Raytheon * 146.61 -1.58 -1.07% COL Rockwell Collins 91.00 -0.78 -0.85% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ LLL L3 Technologies * 150.96 -1.91 -1.25% NOC Northrop Grumman * 233.11 -2.70 -1.14% RTN Raytheon * 146.61 -1.58 -1.07% GIB CGI Group 48.62 -0.51 -1.04% COL Rockwell Collins 91.00 -0.78 -0.85% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ACM aecom BAE BAESY CGI col featured financial report gib govcon GovCon Index hii Huntington Ingalls ICF ICFI L3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin Loop Capital NAV navistar noc Northrop Grumman OA Orbital ATK Raytheon Rockwell Collins rtn VEC Vectrus Related Articles January 12 Market Close: GovCon Index Down, Lockheed Extends Drag Over Investors’ Continued F-35 Focus January 12, 2017 CAE Nabs $760M in Training Services Contracts With US Army, Canadian Air Force; Gene Colabatistto Comments January 12, 2017 Former CBP Commissioner David Aguilar Joins Drone Aviation Board; Jay Nussbaum Comments January 12, 2017 Check Also Matthew Klein Named Managing Director of Kroll’s D.C. Investigations & Disputes Practice Matthew Klein, former chief security officer and assistant commissioner for the professional responsibility office at the … Decisive Analytics Lands WHS Major Program Support Task Order Decisive Analytics has secured a potential $67.3 million task order from the Washington Headquarters Services … Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags January 12 Market Close: GovCon Index Down, Lockheed Extends Drag Over Investors’ Continued F-35 Focus January 12, 2017 DoD Approves Sale of Raytheon SM-6 Missiles to International Clients January 12, 2017 Orbital ATK’s Next Cygnus ISS Cargo Mission to Launch in March January 12, 2017 UK Environment Agency Selects CGI to Develop Cloud-Based Flood Forecasting Platform January 12, 2017 DigitalGlobe Names Winners of 1st SpaceNet Machine Learning Algorithm Challenge; Tony Frazier Comments January 12, 2017 Defense Logistics Agency Picks 142 Companies for Potential $6B IT Services IDIQ December 23, 2016 685 12 Small Businesses Get $800M in Air Force NETCENTS-2 IDIQ Contract Modifications December 21, 2016 615 ManTech Purchases Health IT Services Firm Edaptive Systems December 19, 2016 485 RSA President Amit Yoran to Join Tenable as Chairman & CEO December 15, 2016 467 Former Maximus Exec Helene Fisher Named DLH Danya President; Zach Parker Comments December 15, 2016 452 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Executive moves Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index DOD U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP Engility Board of Directors Adds DHI Chair John Barter; Lynn Dugle Comments @Follow Me New post: January 12 Market Close: GovCon Index Down, Lockheed Extends Drag Over Investors’ Continued F-35 Focus https://t.co/fLAuRelnx24 hours ago New post: DoD Approves Sale of Raytheon SM-6 Missiles to International Clients https://t.co/3fmQ9PUP7a7 hours ago New post: Orbital ATK’s Next Cygnus ISS Cargo Mission to Launch in March https://t.co/d3gy9ndQUk7 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US Marines send F-35 stealth fighter squadron to Japan By Afp Published: 17:44 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 17:44 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail The US Marine Corps said Tuesday it has sent a squadron of F-35B fighter jets to Japan, marking the first operational overseas deployment for the controversial aircraft that is under scrutiny from President-elect Donald Trump. The deployment of the 10 planes to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni on Honshu Island marks a major milestone for the F-35, which has been bedeviled by technical glitches and soaring cost overruns. With a current development and acquisition price tag already at $379 billion for a total of 2,443 F-35 aircraft, Lockheed Martin's F-35 is the most expensive plane in history, and costs are set to go higher still. The Marines' F-35B, pictured, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings ©JEFF J MITCHELL (Getty/AFP/File) The Marines's version of the plane, known as the F-35B, is capable of conducting short takeoffs and vertical landings. Trump last month sent shockwaves through the aerospace industry when he tweeted that he wanted rival Boeing to price out a possible alternative. "Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!" Trump tweeted December 22. The F/A-18 Super Hornet does not have stealth capabilities and has been in use since the late 1990s. Once servicing, maintenance and other costs for the F-35 are factored in over the aircraft's lifespan through 2070, overall program costs have been projected to rise to as much as $1.5 trillion. Proponents of the F-35 tout its speed, close air-support capabilities, airborne agility and a massive array of sensors giving pilots unparalleled access to information. "The unique combination of stealth, cutting-edge radar and sensor technology, and electronic warfare systems bring all of the access and lethality capabilities of a fifth-generation fighter, a modern bomber, and an adverse-weather, all-threat environment air-support platform," the Marines said in a statement. In August, the US Air Force declared an initial squadron of F-35A stealth fighters ready for combat and said an overseas deployment for that version of the plane was likely early this year. The US Navy's version of the plane, the F-35C, is built to land on aircraft carriers. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Insight - U.S. companies have new business risk - being labelled 'anti-Ame... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Jan 11, 2017 | 2:14am IST Insight - U.S. companies have new business risk - being labelled 'anti-American' by Trump File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. The Walmart Stores Inc. annual shareholder meeting takes place June 6, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo By Lauren Hirsch and Mike Stone | NEW YORK/WASHINGTON NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co (GM.N), Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and United Technologies Corp (UTX.N), bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalisation platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd (WTM.N) had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc FIT.O, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defence contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co (F.N), Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp (RXN.N) over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co (BA.N) for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N), the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T), majority owner of Sprint Corp (S.N), unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) Next In Money News As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future MUMBAI Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata group's holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns DAVOS, Switzerland The global economy is in better shape than it's been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. Oil prices will be much more volatile in 2017 - IEA ABU DHABI Global oil prices will witness "much more volatility" in 2017 even though markets may rebalance in the first half of the year if output cuts pledged by producers are implemented, the head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Sunday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US companies have new business risk - being labeled 'anti-American' by Trump Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Posted 11 Jan 2017 04:05 Updated 11 Jan 2017 18:15 File Photo: T-shirts made in the USA are for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK/WASHINGTON: Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the US$3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a US$1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin – like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a US$50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. companies have new business risk - being labeled "anti-American" by Trump By Reuters Published: 15:05 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 15:05 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Lauren Hirsch and Mike Stone NEW YORK/WASHINGTON, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Some U.S. companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had U.S. job cuts or price increases for consumers. "Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. without retribution or consequence is WRONG!" Trump, who assumes office on Jan. 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an "America First" anti-globalization platform that promised the return of thousands of U.S. manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as "unpatriotic", several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion - where a U.S.-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the U.S. tax home would be seen as "anti-American," three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower U.S. corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the $3.8 billion company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing U.S. trade policy. "Whether it's taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do," Park said in an interview. WATCHING TRUMP'S TWEETS Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several U.S. chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. "Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What's the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter," said a top executive at a large U.S. defense contractor. "Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar," the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for U.S. consumers or moving U.S. jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programs. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programs, while Ford scrapped plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 U.S. jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. "We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks," said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. "The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis," said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. "It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing." Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximizing shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. "CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin - like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it," said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other U.S. companies. TAKING A PAGE FROM TRUMP PLAYBOOK Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to "learn from his playbook" and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicizing job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles , the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 U.S. jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a $50 billion U.S. investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: "He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" "You never want to be against the president - especially not one as vocal as (Trump)," the Fortune 500 CEO said. (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran in New York, Liana Baker in San Francisco and David Shepardson in Detroit, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ross Colvin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? Big players are starting to make big moves as the energy markets gain some certainty -- here's what you need to know. Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM A few days ago, BP (NYSE:BP) announced plans to acquire gas company Kosmos Energy (NYSE:KOS) in a $916 million deal. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly explain what this will mean for BP, why the oil giant is looking more attractive for investors than it has in a while, and why Foolish investors might want to take a closer look at the company sometime soon. Also, the hosts talk about President Obama's action to permanently ban oil drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic, and share four energy and industrials stock picks for the end of the year. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 22, 2016. Sean O'Reilly: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, December 22nd, 2016, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined on air today by my podcasting partner in crime, Mr. Taylor Muckerman. What's the good word, Taylor? Taylor Muckerman: Missing you in the studio, my man. O'Reilly: I'm sorry, I already had to travel home. They had a travel deal and I couldn't pass it up. Muckerman: I get it. O'Reilly: I'm home for the holidays. Muckerman: Happens to the best of them. O'Reilly: It does. And I am the best. So, anxious to get your thoughts on what BP has been up to. OPEC has cut production, BP has been one of the more farsighted of the oil majors. Break it down for us. Muckerman: Yeah, this is a company that we highlighted a few weeks back as one of the majors that people might want to stay tuned into, and they're showing why. They're becoming much more gas heavy with the latest $916 million investment in Kosmos Energy. They're obviously growing in natural gas after an acquisition in Egypt last month. So this is just adding to that portfolio after they've been selling off assets over the last few years, ever since the Macondo spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I think they sold off around $50 billion in assets, trying to help pay off that $60 billion in fines, fees, and whatnot that came with that unfortunate mishap in the Gulf of Mexico. So they're finally done shedding assets, and they're starting to add more things on the books. Leaning more toward natural gas, though. O'Reilly: Yeah. I have two ways I want to talk about this. One, I was surprised to learn that BP and its partner, Kosmos Energy, they're vesting $1 billion each. That $2.2 billion deal is only going to be 10% of this oil/gas field that's in the United Arab Emirates. That's a large field. Muckerman: It is. You're talking about a very significant increase in their accessible assets here now, on the gas side of things. It seems like $1 billion here, $1 billion there. But BP is definitely gearing up to ramp up production in the near and long-term future. They've already been talking about a $9-billion gas project internally. This is just adding onto that. O'Reilly: This is just guessing here, but I was surprised that BP was investing to get such a minority stake. Was the price that good? What do you think was the thinking here? Muckerman: Not only is the price seemingly alright, but they're going to be the operator. They're going to be the one doing the drilling in the exploration. From that point of view, I think that's a benefit, because all things to do with Macondo and the Gulf of Mexico disaster aside, BP is very experienced in oil and gas exploration production. So I think you now have the player that should be producing these assets at the wheel. I think that's one of the bigger things you need to pay attention to with this deal with Kosmos Energy. O'Reilly: How should Foolish investors interested in the energy space be thinking about this? When I see something like this, I see, it would be awesome if we could be all clean energy, everybody doing solar and wind and all that, but at the end of the day, that's actually very difficult, and it's going to require trillions of dollars. Is natural gas the segue to get us there? It does seem like more and more people are using it, and it is slightly cleaner than oil. Can you add some color here? Muckerman: Yeah. When you look at global energy production, we'll start with the U.S., in particular, natural gas overtook coal as the leading producer of electricity and power here in the United States this year for the first time ever. I don't expect that to look back, because we're producing gas at such a level that prices have remained subdued for some amount of years now. But we can produce it profitably. If you look at Europe, several countries there are talking about being completely done with coal over the next one to two decades. They don't really produce a lot of natural gas. They do have the assets there, but they haven't allowed those assets to be produced. So natural gas from other parts of Asia, and the U.S., in particular, are going to be needed. Since we now have exportation of LNG on the table -- with Cheniere [Energy] down in Texas and a few more trains probably coming online from them in the next couple of years -- and then Cove Point LNG here on the East Coast, perfectly geared toward delivering natural gas to Europe. And with this field over in Africa, even better access to a market that's not producing an energy source that they need. O'Reilly: Awesome. Before we move on, what do you think of BP's stock these days? You have the 6%-7% yield, it's still at a multi-year low, the lowest level since the Deepwater Horizon spill. What's your thinking there? Muckerman: You've seen it bounce back a little bit from the new year, but that has been an industry trend, not necessarily BP in specific. But yeah, it was trading over $50 a share in the middle of 2014. Right now, it's right around $37 a share. That dividend yield is very enticing. Because of all those assets they sold off, it's fairly secure. I think, you look at this company, it's a large cap, diversified. I think focusing on natural gas is definitely going to pay off in the long run, especially as you see major oil producers and major oil-producing countries still trying to figure things out. A lot of scrambling going on. And there's a lot less uncertainty, I think, about the future of natural gas at the moment. O'Reilly: Awesome. Thanks for that, Taylor. Next topic here, Obama's last drilling stand. He cited a 1950s law when he did this. Before he's leaving office in a month, he decided to ban drilling in parts of the Atlantic and the Arctic. Should investors in this space care? Is this surprising? What's the deal here? Muckerman: It's been used before, but never in such a permanent fashion. The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953. He's basically taking the Northern Arctic and some of the Atlantic Shelf off the table, in terms of potential drillable assets. No one owns these yet, but it takes off the ability of any future president to put these up for auction in these blocks out in the Northern Arctic and Atlantic Shelf. But as of right now, I don't think it's that big of a deal. There's been lawyers on the environmental side that say, "This can never be retracted." Then you have a representative from the American Petroleum Institute saying, "Oh yeah, they're going to lawyer up, we're going to get this repealed." Depending on which way you want to go. I think you're probably going to see President-elect Trump, once he's in office, try to repeal this, because he did run on a platform of expanding U.S. fossil-fuel production, and there supposedly are pretty vast reserves in the North Arctic. You saw Shell give it a go for a couple years, but they have since backed out after spending nearly $10 billion preparing and trying to drill. They did drill, they didn't find exactly what they were hoping to. Then you saw, prior to that, they had a rig run aground up there in Alaska. It's a very treacherous environment up there, in terms of oil drilling. So not only that, but it is also quite costly, in terms of dollar per barrel.  O'Reilly: That's what I was going to mention. He's banning ridiculously expensive oil in the first place. Muckerman: Yeah, this is long-tail oil. This is not something we're going to need in the next handful of years, maybe even a decade or two. If you look at how Shell is doing, or how OPEC has been able to continue to increase their production, obviously they're cutting starting in January, but there's plenty of excess capacity that's much cheaper out there. I think, it might take lawyers a few years to get this all sorted out. But I don't think there's going to be a sudden moment where everyone has their tails between their legs because we're running out of oil, and this 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic and 115 million acres in the Arctic are going to be needed. I think it's quite the big hullabaloo right now because, when you say a forever ban, that's a pretty big deal, and no one has done it yet in the history of the United States. But at least he's not banning oil that's more easily accessible, and that won't cost triple digits per barrel to produce. O'Reilly: Right. Really quick, before we move on, to our understanding, this doesn't even affect any publicly traded companies. Muckerman: Yeah, to my understanding, no. Obviously, the prospects that they could have been on some of these blocks in the future. That's hard to determine. You would imagine it would be a major integrated, because only Shell has tried so far, that I can think of, and it didn't turn out very well at all for shareholders. O'Reilly: No, it didn't. Muckerman: Maybe this is actually a good thing for shareholders, because it's going to not allow these companies to take this risk until it's absolutely necessary. O'Reilly: For sure. OK. Well, before we head out, Taylor, I want to get a couple of stock picks from you. I came up with two, as well, for everybody's stockings. Do you want to go first, or should I? Muckerman: We can go one and one, then one and one if you want. O'Reilly: I like it. Muckerman: OK. I'll go first. We've been talking about oil, but we do say this is an energy, materials, and industrials show. So, my first stock is going to come from the industrials sector. Speaking of aerospace... that's Boeing (NYSE:BA). Despite President-elect Trump's Twitter rant about the high price of new Air Force Ones, I still think that Boeing is a great stock to check out for the long term. Maybe that brief sell-off is providing a little bit better opportunity for long-term investors. It has a great free-cash-flow yield. You're looking at over 7% based on FY15 free cash flow. So, even higher, if you look at the increase for FY16, fiscal year 16. They've made some changes that I think are going to be beneficial for the long term, create a floor for some of their production lines. They cut the production of their 777s to 3.5 planes per month starting in about 2018. So, unlikely to get any lower. It gives analysts creating their price targets and folks like you and I that can understand that, if there's a floor there, there's how much more upside with limited risk. They've been hiking their dividend, authorized a $14 billion share repurchase policy. About 80% of their backlog is fixed and priced already through 2020. A few years of foresight there. And one major thing I do want to bring up is, they brought on a new CEO of their Boeing Commercial Aircraft division, which provides around 70% of Boeing's revenue, only expected to grow as a portion of that, because they're in discussion about Boeing Global Services, a new services segment that they're really bullish on. The new CEO just happens to come from GE, where he ran GE Aviation Services. So he has great experience, an outside perspective... O'Reilly: That's the guy you would want. Muckerman: Yeah, exactly. He's coming from a company like GE that has probably dealt with quite a few, if not all, of Boeing's competitors in the space, so he's going to have some insider knowledge there. Holiday appropriate, his name is Kevin McCallister. O'Reilly: Boom. Love it. Hopefully he doesn't set too many traps for everybody. Muckerman: For the competitors would be fine. O'Reilly: The competitors, yeah. Real quick, I'll be brief, I wanted to highlight Crescent Point Energy (NYSE:CPG). They are a Canadian oil producer. Muckerman: Yes, they are. O'Reilly: I'm anxious to get your thoughts. Muckerman: If folks want to read more about it, fool.ca, we have plenty of coverage.  O'Reilly: Yeah, there you go. They are primarily based, correct me if I'm wrong, in western Canada, as well as a few northern U.S. states, North Dakota, and Montana. They might also be in Colorado. Muckerman: Yep. O'Reilly: I've been very impressed with them. I did a deep dive on them last week. They increased production this last year by 10%, even though they were cutting their capex budget. They have been free-cash-flow positive throughout the entire downturn in the last 12 months. They generated free cash flow of 240 million CAD. They trade at a discount to their peers like Suncor Energy and Imperial Oil. They trade for about 1.6 times tangible book value. These guys are 0.97 times. If you're a believer in a bit of an oil rebound, I would highly recommend checking them out. Muckerman: Perfect, yeah. I can't argue too heavily against that selection. As I mentioned, fool.ca, you can check out all we have to talk about in Canada about CPG. My second stock, reverting right back to the energy sector, not a producer, but I'm going with Enbridge (NYSE:ENB), also a Canadian company, but you can buy it in the U.S. You don't have to go up to the TSX to acquire shares of Enbridge. CPG is also traded in the U.S. I'm looking at this company because they're becoming much more balanced in terms of their pipeline throughput, they're lowering their liquids from about 84% to 49%, because the acquisition of Spectra Energy, which is a much more natural gas-heavy pipeline company. I see tons of synergies here. Expectations to grow the dividend per share by about 15% in 2017, up from their previous targets. Then they're targeting, still, a double-digit increase through 2024 per year, and that's between 10%-12%. If you love dividend growers, along with a company that could also accelerate the share-price growth, then I think Enbridge is a great place to look. I'm a Spectra shareholder, so while I wish I could have just held Spectra, I'm still going to hold those Enbridge shares when it finally goes through, just to maintain that access to Spectra's valuable assets on the East Coast, which is fairly underserved in the natural gas market. O'Reilly: Awesome. My final pick here I wrote about in an article on fool.com, which was recently posted, 3 Oil Stocks to Buy Just in Time for the Holidays. My pick was Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL). These guys are primarily offshore. They have some onshore shale drilling. I believe the [...] was out of Colorado, but they shut that down when the downturn started. They're primarily focused now on the Gulf of Mexico here in the U.S. and the Mediterranean. They have a huge field over there in the Eastern Mediterranean. They are also off the coast of Africa. Low-cost producer because they have these long-tail projects, and they're increasing barrels of oil equivalent production this year 6%. I think they're probably going to come in at about 425,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day this year when all is said and done. They'll be cash-flow breakeven this year. I've been very impressed with their ability to keep a lid on costs throughout the obvious uncertainty they've been dealing with. They are part of the natural gas global trend we were talking about earlier. They recently signed a contract with Jordan's National Electric Power Company to supply natural gas from that huge field in the Mediterranean. I think it's called the Leviathan Field. How's that for a name? Muckerman: It speaks to the size of the asset base there, Leviathan. O'Reilly: Yeah, it's appropriate. For those of you that are curious, they're probably going to lose money this year on a GAAP basis, but as we all know, there are all kinds of fun write-offs on there. But they'll probably be earning $3-$3.50 a share at the end of the decade. I highly recommend checking out Noble. Muckerman: We covered the gamut there. We have a pipeline, the biggest in North America, once they combine, offshore drilling, Canadian producer with some U.S. assets, and one of the bigger aerospace manufacturers in the world. O'Reilly: Wow, that's a diversified portfolio right there. Drop in some Johnson & Johnson and you're good to go. Muckerman: Yeah. And there's some dividends right there for you. O'Reilly: Yes sir. Well, thanks for your thoughts, Taylor! Have a great holiday! Muckerman: Yeah. Same to all of our listeners out there. O'Reilly: That is it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you. Just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on this program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear on this program. For Taylor Muckerman, I am Sean O'Reilly. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Spectra Energy. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Follow @t_Muckerman Taylor is an Associate GM in our Fool International operations. Prior to that he covered all things Energy + Materials as an analyst. Over the years, he has built an investing skill set to rely on when evaluating companies inside and out. While at the Fool, he has made appearances on CNBC and Fox Business. In addition, he completed his MBA at the University of Maryland and will sit for the Level II CFA Exam. Article Info Jan 10, 2017 at 2:06PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Enbridge NYSE:ENB $43.27 up $0.18 (0.42%) BP NYSE:BP $37.66 down $0.10 (-0.26%) Noble Energy NYSE:NBL $37.39 up $0.21 (0.56%) Kosmos Energy NYSE:KOS $6.54 down $0.09 (-1.36%) Crescent Point Energy Trust Units NYSE:CPG $12.67 down $0.01 (-0.08%) Read More Will Southern Company Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Price of Silver in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Here's How Much Gasoline the Average American Consumes Annually Why GameStop, Hovnanian Enterprises, and Ryerson Holding Slumped Today Price of Gold in 2017: Why It Could Bounce Higher Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool BP Just Opened Up it Wallet, is it Signaling Better Times Ahead for This Oil Giant? #stocks $BA, $ENB, $BP, $NBL, $KOS, $CPG
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ReutersJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A picture shows the logo of Airbus Group at the site in Suresnes, near Paris, France, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit TessierMore By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh PARIS/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Airbus <AIR.PA> won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications <601328.SS>. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalize an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. (Additional reporting by Alexander Cornwell; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta/Ruth Pitchford) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next These Are the New Planes Coming in 2017 Travel+Leisure This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored United Airlines Can't Get Rid of the Boeing 747 Fast Enough -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Ahead of Q4 results, defense industry outlook remains upbeat despite Trump's cost-cutting crusade CNBC.com The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Ford's CEO reveals his plan for the company's biggest transformation in history Business Insider Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored China's LeEco Gets $2.2B Sunac Investment Bloomberg Video 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Associated Press 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Check out these cars GM created in the 1980s with tech decades ahead of its time Business Insider Jon Gruden reportedly rejected 3 teams in recent weeks and the reason suggests he will never coach in the NFL again Business Insider NATO 'obsolete,' says Trump as he suggests Russia nuclear deal Steve: NATO will never be obsolete as long as Rusia is around and has a mindset to invade neighboring countries and ignore international law. That is what Russia did when it invaded Crimea and is supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 439 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders By Reuters Published: 16:16 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 16:16 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh PARIS/SHANGHAI, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Airbus won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications. The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalise an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. (Additional reporting by Alexander Cornwell; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta/Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 16 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Hawaiian Airlines continues growth trend in 2016 By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · January 10, 2017 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: HA) carried a record 11,050,911 guests, a 3.5 percent increase over the previous year, the airline said. The record passenger count in 2016 marks 12 straight years of growth as the airline continues to expand its network and fleet. In July Hawaiian launched daily non-stop service between Narita and Honolulu International Airports, and in December it inaugurated triweekly service between Haneda and Kona International Airports. During summer 2016, Hawaiian added one A330-200 aircraft (bringing the company´s A330 fleet to 23), and took delivery of two Boeing B717-200s in November and December for a total of 20 of the aircraft type. The company also operates eight Boeing 767s on transpacific routes and three turboprop ATR-42 through its interisland subsidiary, ´Ohana by Hawaiian. Now in its 88th year of continuous service, Hawaiian offers non-stop service to Hawai´i from 11 US gateway cities, along with service from Japan, South Korea, China, Australia, New Zealand, American Samoa, and Tahiti. The airline also provides approximately 160 jet flights daily between the Hawaiian Islands, with a total of more than 200 daily flights system-wide. Hawaiian Airlines is a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings. Related posts Honeywell, EAD Aerospace achieve certification to install JetWave communications hardware on A319 aircraft January 13, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has received European Aviation Safety Agency certification for its JetWave high-speed satellite... Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for December 2016 January 13, 2017 Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA) has released preliminary passenger traffic statistics for December 2016, the... Delta Air Lines FY 2016 pre-tax income up 4% YoY January 13, 2017 Atlanta, Georgia-based Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has reported adjusted pre-tax income for the December... Southwest, NetJets pilots associations partner to reverse Norwegian Air foreign carrier permit January 13, 2017 The Southwest Airlines Pilots´ Association (SWAPA) is partnering with the NetJets Association of Shared Aircraft... Wheels Up to provide fleet team with Casper mattresses January 13, 2017 Wheels Up is collaborating with sleep startup Casper wherein Wheels Up will provide every pilot... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico passenger traffic up 16.8% for December 2016 LLR Partners buys BluVector from Northrop Grumman » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Jeremy Corbyn's maximum wage: It would pose some problems but at least he's heated up the debate It's only a few short weeks before AGM season gets underway, and remuneration reports are sure to reveal a fresh batch of absurd pay packages that simply can't be justified on economic grounds James Moore @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 10 January 2017 17:21 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Jeremy Corbyn has suggested a pay cap for top bosses PA Could Britain really enforce a maximum wage in addition to the minimum wage?  Amid mounting, and justified, concern about the glaring gulf between those at the top and those at the bottom, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has suggested doing just that.  In many respects it is a seductive idea, one that might find considerable support in a country in which a self serving clique of top people have conspired to push up boardroom pay to ridiculous levels, without being able to show that high CEO pay is in any way linked to economic or corporate performance. Read more Former Corbyn economic advisers brand wage proposal 'idiotic' Morrisons and the problem with CEO pay Aldi to become the highest paying supermarket in the UK The problem with it is that practicalities would likely conspire to get in the way.  To enforce a maximum wage you would either have to legislate for a cap, or use the taxation system to impose a de facto one, as was more or less the case in the 1970s.  Were you to do that, some people would inevitably leave in search of uncapped wages, depending on the level at which you set the cap.  We might be glad to be shot of some of them. Imagine a world in which Fred Goodwin had pursued his banking ambitions overseas to escape a British wage cap. We might be £40bn plus richer as a nation.  But some of them we might want to keep. And, in an effort to do that, companies would likely oversee the creation of an entire industry aimed at getting around the cap.  The other point to make is that people who earn a lot pay a lot of tax that pays for schools, and hospitals, and benefits and a whole lot more besides. According to HMRC 27 per cent of UK income tax is paid by the top 1 per cent of earners.  Could these people stand to pay a little more? Almost certainly.  Should they? The moral case is hard to fault. But would the UK exchequer benefit much in raising the top rate of tax from its current 45p? That has long been the subject of a rather fierce debate.   What is certainly paying dividends right now is what the HMRC has been doing of late: taking a more aggressive approach to enforcing the tax rules that are on the table and making  sure wealthy people pay what they owe. It is this that led, for example, to the shutting down of a scheme that saw several high profile people making a tax profit by "investing" in building empty data centres in the North East of England. An alternative, and one that might stand more chance of succeeding in reducing the glaring inequality that blights Britain is to limit the ratio between what those at the top are paid compared to what the typical worker on the shop floor makes.   There are already examples of this in operation. John Lewis operates one to calculate its executives’ pay, and no one argues that John Lewis is anything other than an extremely successful and well run retailer.  For some reason its executives seem to manage quite well without the need for £1m plus packages of free shares to incentivise them to improve profitability, such as the ones M&S, a rather less successful retailer, recently handed to its top people.  Another example of capping pay of those at the top comes from, believe it or not, the USA where the National Basketball Association has what is called a max contract. This restricts what star players can earn as a percentage of the overall salary cap allocated to each team (it is based on a percentage of league revenues).  There are certain exceptions that can push star players’ wages higher (and teams can bust the salary cap if they pay a luxury tax). This is also an organisation where the minimum wage for the lowliest rookie comes in at over $500,000 in a country in which the effective federal minimum wage for ordinary workers is barely more than $7. Which leads to another point: raising pay at the bottom could be just as effective at reducing inequality as reducing it at the top. Maybe even more so. Imposing a John Lewis style ratio system nationally would also require some serious thought first.  Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty As critics have noted, one problem with ratios is that it is that they can make John Lewis look little better than Goldman Sachs simply because of how much Goldman Sachs pays its average worker.  Mr Corbyn's suggestion of a hard cap on wages has, predictably, taken quite a bit of flak. But where it has value is in the way it has re-heated the debate about top people’s pay just a few short weeks after the High Pay Centre (which quite likes ratios) declared January 4 to be fat cat Wednesday. That was the day on which the average FTSE 100 CEO had made what the average British worker makes in a year. That's worthwhile ahead of a corporate AGM season that will reveal yet more absurdity at Britain’s top companies.  Mr Corbyn has not only stimulated the debate again. He has also thrown a harsh spotlight on how limp the proposals for reform that have been tabled by Theresa May are. They amount to little more than tinkering with a system that is broken.  More about: Jeremy Corbyn Fatcats Theresa May Executive pay Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Trump says NATO is ‘obsolete’ organization World January 16, 2:20 Trump calls for nuclear arms reduction deal with Russia in return for easing sanctions World January 16, 2:18 Trump calls Merkel’s refugee policy ‘catastrophic mistake’ World January 16, 2:12 Quebec City to host FIS Cross-Country World Cup Final 2017 instead of Russia’s Tyumen Sport January 15, 21:55 US uses its servers for unauthorized data collecting - Security Council Russian Politics & Diplomacy January 15, 17:24 More than 170 biathlon athletes demand resolute action from IBU Sport January 15, 12:31 Russian woman racer receives Dakar medal for 2nd position Sport January 15, 11:38 Russian and British actors perform in Gift of Life charity concert in London Society & Culture January 15, 8:39 Russians are among top 10 wealthiest buyers of property in Dubai Business & Economy January 15, 7:05 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.01.2017 15.01.2017 14.01.2017 13.01.2017 12.01.2017 11.01.2017 10.01.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Police to investigate MH17 data seized from Dutch journalists World January 10, 18:00 UTC+3 THE HAGUE Share 1 pages in this article © AP Photo/Peter Dejong THE HAGUE, January 10. /TASS/. Materials seized from Dutch journalists who visited Ukraine’s troubled Donbass will be investigated by police, Wim de Bruin, Press Officer of the National Public Prosecutor’s Office told Tass on Tuesday. "These goods will be inspected by the police," he said. Read also Journalist claims Dutch police confiscated materials about MH17 crash Journalists Stefan Beck and Michel Spekkers spent nine days in Donbass at the end of December - early in January, where they familiarized themselves with the general political situation and visited the MH17 crash site. Dutch law enforcement agencies detained both at the airport upon their return home on January 7, confiscating all materials gathered on the MH17 crash, as well as cameras, cellphones and notebooks. The Public Prosecutor’s Office said it feared the journalists would refuse to voluntarily pass the materials to investigators. Michel Spekkers said he had collected and brought to the Netherlands some fragments of the crashed Boeing as well as a bone fragment. "I took one fragment of the bone with me to investigate here what kind of bone it is. But I don’t know for sure (if it was human remaining), I cannot confirm. What I do know is when they confiscated it, two forensic policemen were there and they decided to send it to the lab for more investigation," the journalist said. On July 17, 2014, Flight MH17, a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777, en route from the Dutch city of Amsterdam to the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur crashed in the Donetsk region in eastern Ukraine. All the 283 passengers and 15 crew members, nationals from ten countries, died in the airplane disaster. Most passengers were Dutch nationals. Ukraine’s authorities and the militia of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic accused each other of the tragedy. Dutch authorities have been investigating the crash. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Topics Boeing 777 crash in Ukraine Top News January 15, 17:24 US uses its servers for unauthorized data collecting - Security Council January 15, 17:24 January 15, 11:38 Russian woman racer receives Dakar medal for 2nd position January 15, 11:38 January 15, 8:39 Russian and British actors perform in Gift of Life charity concert in London January 15, 8:39 January 15, 12:31 More than 170 biathlon athletes demand resolute action from IBU January 15, 12:31 In other media Реклама Photo 10 Liberated Aleppo in pictures 8 Ankara holds ceremony to bid farewell to assassinated Russian ambassador 12 Berlin Christmas market attack Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Tokyo wants Moscow to allow former Kuril Islands residents to fly there by plane 2 Trump calls for nuclear arms reduction deal with Russia in return for easing sanctions 3 Trump says NATO is ‘obsolete’ organization 4 US uses its servers for unauthorized data collecting - Security Council 5 Lithuania plans to build 45-km fence along border with Russia 6 Anti-tobacco social campaign lowers number of smokers in Russia by 25% 7 Russia-Japan railway corridor to require 75% budgetary funding of project costs 1 Iceland is ready to contribute to organization of meeting between Putin and Trump — media 2 US uses its servers for unauthorized data collecting - Security Council 3 London attempts undermining Trump’s work as president - Russian embassy 4 Extremely dangerous militant detained in Chechnya — head of republic 5 Russian Defense Ministry surprised by lack of assistance to Aleppo civilians from UN 6 Russians are among top 10 wealthiest buyers of property in Dubai 7 Trump says NATO is ‘obsolete’ organization 1 Former PM says Ukrainian government in exile could be formed 2 Trump says no ‘reset button’ in relations with Russia 3 Russia’s Reserve Fund down 70 percent in 2016 4 Iceland is ready to contribute to organization of meeting between Putin and Trump — media 5 Dutch court blocks access to data gathered by independent journalists in Donbass 6 Press Review: Russia may cut oil supplies to Belarus and US sends marines to Afghanistan 7 'This is pulp fiction': Kremlin denies having compromising materials on Trump or Clinton TOP STORIES Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus finalizes deal to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi's flynas: sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 9:26am EST Airbus finalizes deal to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi's flynas: sources A picture shows Airbus Group site in Suresnes, near Paris, France, December 15, 2016. European planemaker Airbus is to cut a net total of 934 jobs, including the closure of a site at Suresnes just outside Paris, said a French trade union, as part of a previously announced... REUTERS/Benoit Tessier By Alexander Cornwell | DUBAI DUBAI Airbus (AIR.PA) has finalised an agreement to sell more than 60 jets to Saudi Arabian budget carrier flynas, according to industry sources, a move that could help the European planemaker keep ahead of Boeing in the annual race for new orders. The order from flynas, partly owned by Saudi billionaire Prince al-Waleed bin Talal's investment vehicle, is expected to cover over 60 A320neo narrow body jets, one of the sources with direct knowledge of the deal told Reuters. An order for 60 A320neos would be worth $6.4 billion at list prices though it is common for manufacturers to grant discounts. Including purchasing options, the agreement includes 100 A320neos, sources said. The order could be announced as early as Wednesday at Airbus' annual press conference so that it can be included in the planemaker's 2016 sales numbers, though one source said the buyer might not be identified. The sources requested anonymity as the details were still private. Airbus and flynas declined to comment. The A320neo sale would be Airbus's first in the Middle East since Qatar Airways refused deliveries in December 2015 and said it would swap its order for a larger version. Flynas, which launched as Nas Air in 2007 and first turned a profit in 2015, has been negotiating an order for at least 60 narrow body jets with Airbus and rival planemaker Boeing (BA.N) since as early as April 2016. Flynas Chief Executive Paul Byrne said on April 27 whichever manufacturer it chose would over time become the sole supplier. The order, which would replace and expand a fleet of leased A320s, would give flynas one of the largest Middle East low cost fleets after state-owned flydubai, which operate 57 Boeing 737-800s and has more than 100 scheduled for delivery by 2023. Flynas is facing increasing competition domestically, where it conducts the majority of its operations. Start-up SaudiGulf Airlines and Saudi-owned, Egypt-based Nesma airline were both granted domestic operating licenses in 2016, while state-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines has announced plans for its own budget carrier, Flyadeal, to launch in mid-2017 with a target of 50 jets by 2020. Qatar Airways-owned Al Maha is waiting for a domestic Saudi operating license. Saudi Arabia wants to expand its aviation and tourism sectors following the success of its Gulf neighbors Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. It plans to encourage non-religious tourism as part of major national reforms aimed at moving the country's economy away from oil dependence. (Reporting Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Susan Fenton and Mark Potter) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
The Standard HOME NEWS OPINION BUSINESS SPORTS SHOWBITZ LIFESTYLE TOPICAL Other Sections The Standard Poll Motoring Real Estate Tech Visionaries Holiday Specials Quick Links Mobile Online Reader Supplements The Standard About Advertise Contact Subscribe Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS Cebu Pacific requests flights to India posted January 10, 2017 at 08:20 pm by  Darwin G. Amojelar Cebu Air Inc., operator of Cebu Pacific, wants the Civil Aeronautics Board to reallocate the unused flight frequencies of rival Philippine Airlines to India. The Gokongwei-owned airline filed with the CAB an application for allocation and re-allocation of entitlements to India from PAL. Cebu Air’s request made the request in accordance to the existing air agreement between the governments of the Philippines and India. PAL flights to New Delhi were stopped in June 2013 amid low demand from local travelers.  No Philippine carriers fly between Manila and India now.  Philippines Air Asia Inc. filed with the CAB an application for designation as official Philippine carrier and grant of seven weekly flights to New Delhi, nIndia. Cebu Pacific earlier said it was studying to acquire an Airbus 350 and Boeing 788 in the third quarter this year for its long haul operation. Cebu Pacific launched its long haul operation in 2013, with A330-300 services to Dubai. It now operates five long haul routes to the Middle East and Australia and also uses its A330 fleet on several short haul routes. The airline last March launched four times weekly flights between Manila and Guam, its first US destination.  Cebu Pacific currently offers flights to a total of 36 domestic and 30 international destinations, operating an extensive network across Asia, Australia, the Middle East, and USA.  Its 58-strong fleet is comprised of six Airbus A319, 36 Airbus A320, six Airbus A330, eight ATR 72-500, and two ATR 72-600 aircraft.  Between 2016 and 2021, Cebu Pacific expects delivery of two more brand-new Airbus A330, 32 Airbus A321neo, and 14 ATR 72-600 aircraft.  Cebu Pacific earlier reported a net income of P7.09 billion in the January to September period, up 99.6 percent from P3.56 billion in the same period last year.  Revenues increased 10.5 percent to P46.69 billion from P42.30 billion last year. Topics: Cebu Air Inc. , Cebu Pacific , Civil Aeronautics Board , flights to India Related stories: CebuPac to acquire planes for US flights Cebu Air buys 2 Airbus worth $513m Cebu Pacific’s profit jumped to P4 b in Q1 More from this Category: SMC’s power plant bid denied Slower remittances, exports cut Q4 growth to 6.5% Neda pushes for more investments to match Thailand’s status by 2022 COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement TRENDING LAST 7 DAYS TODAY SHOWBITZDirector’s Cut of ‘Seklusyon’ in cinemas Golden love songs and good old rock n’ roll  0 |  16 hours ago Portes’ new film introduces new leading man  0 |  16 hours ago Sema son now in KL custody, says Rody  0 |  13 hours ago Duterte revives Martial Law fears  0 |  13 hours ago Behind Abe’s $8.7-b aid  0 |  11 hours ago Misguided comparison  0 |  11 hours ago SMC’s power plant bid denied  0 |  14 hours ago Blast Abu, military ordered  0 |  13 hours ago A tale of two cities  0 |  11 hours ago Top StoriesNarco-mayors told: Resign or get killed De Lima gets 10 days to defeat disbarment  0 |  5 days ago ‘Lenileaks’ oust-Duterte plot doomed—Esperon  0 |  6 days ago ‘Solar City to boost tourist biz’  0 |  3 days ago Out of step  0 |  5 days ago When denials ring untrue  0 |  6 days ago Romcom director tries horror in ‘Ilawod’  0 |  4 days ago Relive romantic moonlit nights in Baler  0 |  3 days ago GMA leads competition in full year 2016 nationwide ratings  0 |  5 days ago Remember Michael Martinez?  0 |  1 day ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard Latest News SMC’s power plant bid denied 14 hours ago Slower remittances, exports cut Q4... 14 hours ago Neda pushes for more investments... 14 hours ago Market likely to stay below... 14 hours ago San Miguel bullish this year 14 hours ago Popi to spend P15b in... 14 hours ago RLC allots P16b for ’17... 14 hours ago BSP sees increased foreign inflows 14 hours ago MPIC still interested in 5... 15 hours ago Smart to improve indoor coverage 15 hours ago 6th Floor of Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS News Opinion Business Sports Showbitz Lifestyle Motoring Real Estate Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 Manila Standard. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Morrisons and the problem with CEO pay David Potts has done a brilliant job with the previously struggling retailer, but Morrisons paid £12m to the man who left it in need of the turnaround James Moore @JimMooreJourno Tuesday 10 January 2017 13:25 BST Click to follow The Independent Online David Potts, chief executive of Morrisons Reuters How much is a chief executive worth to an organisation? Quite a lot, if you consider the case of David Potts, the boss of supermarket chain Morrisons.  Under Mr Potts, the business has just enjoyed its best Christmas in seven years, reporting a 2.9 per cent increase in sales excluding fuel at stores open at least a year.  It has also enjoyed its fifth consecutive quarter of growth, quite an achievement given how competitive the grocery sector is at the moment, and is getting rave reviews in the City.  Read more Petrol to be cut to below £1 by Morrisons amid growing price war Morrisons cuddles up to Amazon leaving Ocado out in the cold Amazon and Morrisons partner to launch same day delivery service No chief executive is worth the sort of money they get paid these days. But if you want an example of one that comes close, Mr Potts might be that individual.  Under his leadership, Morrisons pulled out of the convenience sector, which it arrived late to, it struck a deal with Amazon to improve the company’s online penetration, tired old stores have been refreshed and revitalised. There is also the fact that, as Mr Potts noted: “We stocked more of what our customers wanted to buy.” Retail isn’t a terrible complicated business, but lots of retailers still seem to struggle with that.  Of course, Mr Potts didn't achieve all this on his own. Business is a team sport, and it takes many people working together to drive a turnaround.  Nonetheless, it’s fair to say that there won’t be many - any? - voices raised in protest when the company issues its remuneration report, however much Mr Potts is in line for.  But here’s why I highlighted Mr Potts and CEO pay generally when considering Morrisons. Because, for Mr Potts to succeed so spectacularly with his turnaround plan, and if people are going to credit him for it, and pay him for it, it’s fair to ask another question. How much did Morrisons rate his predecessor, Dalton Philips, as being worth for leaving it in the beaten up state in which Mr Potts found it? The answer to that is a shade under £12m between 2010 and the beginning of last year, which includes the salary Mr Philips was paid during his 12 months of notice after stepping down.  If you exclude that last year and consider the retailer's performance when Mr Philips was in charge, it under performed the FTSE 100 and it under performed the supermarket sector. It arrived late to the online party, signing a deal with Ocado that has had his  successors tearing their hair out. There was also that convenience store business I mentioned, including a deal to buy a load of ex-blockbuster video stores that blew up in the company's face.  Just before Mr Potts started, Morrisons reported its worst results for eight years, racking up an £800m loss.  Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty For Mr Potts to put a turnaround plan into effect, someone has to be held responsible for leaving it in a state to need one. Someone needed to create the conditions for Mr Potts to make his name.  That man is Dalton Philips, who was paid £12m for doing so, including a chunky bonus in his last year as CEO. He was also made a good leaver, allowing him to get his hands on a bunch of share options.  It’s an extreme case. Plenty more CEOs are paid similarly silly sums for simply being very mediocre. But it explains why people get so cross. Celebrate Mr Potts, by all means, but remember how he and Morrisons got there.          More about: Morrisons David Potts Supermarkets Fatcats Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video VietJet revives plans for overseas listing Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 6:11am EST VietJet revives plans for overseas listing left right A security officer stands next to a VietJet aircraft at Noi Bai International airport in Hanoi, Vietnam, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kham 1/5 left right VietJet Air CEO Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao speaks behind a model of a VietJet aircraft during an interview in her office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kham 2/5 left right Captain Basel Taleb Al Shahrour (L) and co-pilot Le Trung Anh pose for a photo inside the cockpit before a flight of VietJet at Noi Bai International airport in Hanoi, Vietnam, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kham 3/5 left right A VietJet aircraft is seen at Noi Bai International airport in Hanoi, Vietnam, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kham 4/5 left right A VietJet aircraft is seen at Noi Bai International airport in Hanoi, Vietnam, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kham 5/5 By My Pham | HO CHI MINH CITY HO CHI MINH CITY Vietnamese budget carrier VietJet has revived plans for an overseas listing after a domestic IPO last month that gave it a value of $1.2 billion. Vietnam's only privately owned airline may consider listing on either the Singapore, Hong Kong or Tokyo bourses, CEO Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao, the nation's first female billionaire, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday. "VietJet hopes to become Vietnam's first company to successfully go to the international capital market," Thao, who founded the airline in 2007, said. The airline had earlier planned an overseas listing by early last year, but reports said the plan was put on ice. Thao did not cite a timeline for the listing. Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC and a Morgan Stanley investment fund are among 26 foreign investors who have bought a combined 24 percent stake in VietJet in recent placements, Thao said. The carrier's shares will start trading in the domestic market in February. Investors have sought exposure to an airline that is expected to own the biggest share of the domestic market this year, amid strong air travel growth in the Southeast Asian nation. The firm, which is expanding its international routes, has the financial backing it needs to finance the country's biggest ever aircraft order from both Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N), Thao said. It announced in May last year that it had ordered 100 Boeing 737 MAX 200 jets - worth $11.3 billion at list prices - and months later placed a $2.4 billion order with Airbus for 20 A321s. VietJet currently operates about 60 routes both locally and internationally, and expects to have a fleet of 200 aircraft by 2023, Thao said. The CAPA Centre for Aviation has said that VietJet commands 40 percent of Vietnam's domestic market and it will likely surpass Vietnam Airlines HVN.HNO this year as the country's biggest domestic carrier. VietJet's net profit is expected to climb 30 percent in 2017, after its bottomline almost doubled over the past 12 months, Thao said. It had debt of 5 trillion dong ($221.53 million) as of end-September. (Reporting by My Pham; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Next In Deals UK M&A to drop sharply in 2017 as investors await Brexit clarity: Baker McKenzie LONDON Mergers and acquisitions activity in the United Kingdom will drop sharply in 2017 due to uncertainty over the terms of its exit from the European Union, law firm Baker McKenzie said in a report published on Monday. U.S. judge to issue decision on Hanjin sale of stake in terminal operator SAN FRANCISCO The judge overseeing the U.S. bankruptcy case of Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd said on Friday he will likely announce on Wednesday whether he will approve the South Korean company's sale of its stake in a U.S. terminal operator after conferring with his South Korean counterpart. Caesars unit clears way to exit bankruptcy protection: court hearing CHICAGO Caesars Entertainment Corp's main operating unit has cleared the way for the casino operator to exit bankruptcy protection with an agreement that ends the last objection to its reorganization plan, lawyers told a U.S. judge on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Register / Login Search South China Morning Post Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Follow us on Facebook Twitter Instagram back to asia Register / Login Toggle Menu Search South China Morning Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Toggle Menu This Week In Asia Politics Geopolitics Business Society Opinion Asia Buzz Personalities Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on Google Plus Share on Sina 0Comments Now Reading Why Trump’s tweets on US arms industry are pure theatre 0Comments Topic Donald Trump Why Trump’s tweets on US arms industry are pure theatre US president-elect has been critical of expensive projects such as the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, but he has few options other than to continue buying from the same old firms By Richard A. Bitzinger 10 Jan 2017 Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on Google Plus Share on Sina 0Comments Cadets from the US Military Academy fly a banner depicting Donald Trump prior to the game between the Navy Midshipmen and the Army Black Nights at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, Maryland. Photo: AFP US President-elect Donald Trump is already starting to make his mark on national security and defence. First, he nit-picked over the costs of building a new fleet of Air Force One planes and called for “greatly” building up the US nuclear arsenal. More recently, he has complained that Lockheed Martin’s F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) costs too much, instead requesting that Boeing, manufacturer of the rival F/A-18 fighter, “price out” a “comparable” fighter, based on the F/A-18. The F/A-18 is a good fighter jet – for certain things. It’s good for flying off carriers and for strike missions, and it’s good for smaller countries that probably cannot afford a state-of-the-art fighter like the JSF. But it is also getting a bit long in the tooth: the latest F/A-18 – the E/F version – has been in production for 20 years. Trump will need more than rhetoric to deal with North Korea and China If the US military wants to maintain its technological edge against likely future competitors – China and Russia, in particular – then the F/A-18 is probably not the way to go. The F-35 is a “fifth-generation” combat aircraft, meaning it is very stealthy and that it possesses a sophisticated kit of very capable sensors, computers, and software to provide the pilot with a high degree of situational awareness, something called “sensor fusion”. It is difficult, if not impossible, to make the F/A-18 “comparable” to the JSF. A fourth-generation-plus fighter, it is quite capable, but it cannot replicate the more advanced F-35 in every way. And that is increasingly critical when one considers that both Russia and China are themselves working on next-generation fighters. The Russians have their PAK-FA fifth-generation prototype, and the Chinese have two fifth-generation fighters, the J-20 and the J-31. If the United States wants to maintain its technological superiority, then it has to have something like the F-35 to keep up. That said, cancelling the F-35 might have been a good idea ten or 15 years ago. However, for all his talk of being such a great businessman, Trump does not seem to grasp the concept of sunk costs. Almost all the costs for the F-35 up until now – research and development (R&D) and tooling – has already been spent. They are therefore “incurred costs” and cannot be recovered. It would save little to cancel the plane now – in fact, it might cost more, since the government would likely have to pay a penalty for terminating the JSF prematurely. Trump now admits Russians were behind election hacking, says top aide Priebus Moreover, eight other countries are partnered with the United States on the F-35 programme, and they, along with at least three other countries, are planning to acquire the fighter. To cancel the programme now would be to throw these nations’ force modernisation plans into chaos, and perhaps do irreparable damage to bilateral security relations with the US. Terminating or cutting back the programme wouldn’t save any money either. Buying fewer F-35s would simply drive up the plane’s total production unit-cost – that is, the cost of each plane, plus the already-spent R&D funding. In addition, with the plane now beginning to enter high-rate production, unit costs are very likely to go way down. In fact, if Trump wants a more capable fighter jet, he should seriously consider restarting the F-22 programme, which was terminated in 2012 after delivering 187 aircraft. Slightly older than the F-35, it would be (relatively) cheap to upgrade to state-of-the-art standards, and, with a larger payload capacity, it would pack a lot more wallop than the JSF. Countries like Japan, Israel, and Australia would likely be ready customers for this fighter. With Trump, Brexit and simmering tension in Asia, can the global security order survive 2017? In reality, this is all bluff and bluster. Trump is already committed to drastically increasing the US defence budget. He has called for a 350-ship navy (up from the current 274 ships), a 1,200-fighter air force, and 12 additional marine corp battalions. At the same time, Trump has to throw some red meat to his government-sceptic voting base. He has to show that he is going to reign in the greed-heads in the military-industrial complex and keep them from gouging the American people. So he sends out a threatening tweet or two, putting the fear of God into the defence industry, who promptly deliver their mea culpas and promise to do better in the future. The truth is, however, Trump has nowhere to go. Only a few American companies exist anymore that can produce advanced fighter jets, ships, submarines, armoured vehicles, artillery systems and missile systems. The US defence industry is more segregated from the overall economy than ever before, so finding new suppliers outside the traditional arms industry will be impractical. And Trump is certainly not going to equip the US military with weapons purchased from foreign producers. WATCH: Trump’s nuclear tweet sparks questions and fear In the end, therefore, Trump’s twitter outrages regarding arms acquisitions are just theatre. He will metaphorically paddle the arms industry, who will be sufficiently contrite, and then it will be back to business as usual. The defence budget is going to soar, the arms industry will get its contracts, and it will be fat city again for the military and its key weapons suppliers. ■ Richard A. Bitzinger is Senior Fellow and Coordinator of the Military Transformations Programme at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. Newsletter Sign-up Asian insights and analysis direct to your inbox. your email address A valid E-mail address is required. The email address is already in use. Please login to subscribe. Your captcha answer is not correct. Error, please try again later. Expand! Sign up By registering to our newsletter you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy thank you! Your submission has been received. Subscribe with another email Related articles Donald Trump Welcome to the stream-of-consciousness presidency, courtesy of the Tweeter-in-Chief Donald Trump Trump will need more than rhetoric to deal with North Korea and China Donald Trump Trump appoints son-in-law Jared Kushner as senior White House advisor, despite anti-nepotism law Alibaba’s Jack Ma and Donald Trump meet in New York Post Magazine Facebook Twitter Instagram South China Morning Post Politics Geopolitics Business Society Opinion Asia Buzz Personalities Newsletter Signup Asian insights and analysis direct to your inbox. A valid E-mail address is required. Error, please try again later. Expand! Sign up By registering to our newsletter you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy The email address is already in use. Please login to subscribe. Your captcha answer is not correct. Error. THANK YOU! Your submission has been received. Latest Issue Jan 08 - Jan 14 SOUR NOTE   China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia Asia Australasia Diplomacy East Asia Southeast Asia South Asia This Week in Asia SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Getting Technical The Best Dow Stocks As 20,000 Looms With some tweaks, the venerable Dogs of the Dow strategy can deliver even better results. By Michael Kahn Biography Jan. 9, 2017 4:35 p.m. ET With the Dow Jones Industrial Average getting to within a hair’s breadth of 20,000 this month, investors may worry about having missed the run-up. In the eyes of many analysts, this widely watched price level could make or break the market. Fortunately, there are many interesting ways to position a portfolio to beat the market, whether it sags or soars. One long-established strategy, the Dogs of the Dow, is based on the idea that the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Economy Trump Bump: Small Business Optimism Soars To 12-Year High NFIB's small business optimism index leapt to a 12-year high in December following Donald Trump's election. (© Monkey Business/stock.adobe.com) ED CARSON 1/10/2017 Reprints Small business owners' optimism soared in December to the highest level since 2004, the National Federation of Independent Business said Tuesday, as President-elect Trump unleashes "animal spirits" on Main Street, even as corporate titans such as General Motors (GM) and Ford (F) tread carefully with the president-elect. NFIB's small business optimism index shot up 7.4 points to 105.8, the best reading since December 2004. It was the biggest monthly gain in decades. A net 50% of smaller firms see business conditions improving vs. 12% in November and -7% in October. "We haven't seen numbers like this in a long time," said NFIB President and CEO Juanita Duggan. "Small business is ready for a breakout, and that can only mean very good things for the U.S. economy." Stock markets have taken off since Election Day — the Nasdaq hit a fresh high Tuesday — as investors bet that Trump's agenda for corporate tax reform and deregulation will boost the economy. Investor, business and consumer optimism suggests a revival of "animal spirits," a term coined by famed economist John Maynard Keynes on how companies' confidence can fuel investment and spending. The share of small firms saying now is a good time to expand is triple what's normally seen in an expansion. IBD'S TAKE: Bank stocks are among the few sectors that should benefit from Trump's fiscal plans and Federal Reserve rate hike. But there are concerns on Wall Street about Trump's protectionist instincts and his zeal for praising or criticizing individual companies — and how they respond. Trump last week criticized General Motors for selling Mexico-made Chevy Cruze cars in the U.S., as well as plans by Toyota (TM) to set up a plant in Mexico with plans to export Corollas to America. Ford, which also has come under fire from Trump for its Mexico ventures, scrapped a $1.6 billion Mexico plant. Since his election, Trump has criticized the cost of contracts for new Air Force One jets by Boeing (BA) as well as the Lockheed Martin (LMT) F-35 fighter jet. Alibaba (BABA) founder Jack Ma on Monday became the latest tech titan to visit Trump Tower, following a Trump tech summit with the heads of Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), Tesla Motors (TSLA) and many others late last month. Trump has called on Apple to bring back iPhone production to the U.S., a move that would undoubtedly make the smartphone far more expensive. Apple on Monday requested to make "finished products" and use "high tech manufacturing" at a Mesa, Ariz., site. Apple already has permission to make various components at the plant. It's unclear how much Trump's high-profile tweets and other remarks have actually influenced corporate strategy, though the president-elect has been quick to take credit for any decisions that seem to show businesses following his lead. Ford will still make small cars for U.S. export in Mexico, but from an existing plant. And that switch may have to do with declining demand for smaller sedans, which are less profitable in any case. United Technologies (UTX) will keep a Carrier plant open in Indiana, but in exchange for tax breaks. Boeing says it's open to cutting the cost of Air Force One jets, but has also suggested that doing so will mean the government will need to curb its extensive technical and security requirements. On Monday, Toyota announced plans to invest $10 billion in the U.S. over the next five years, though that's the same amount it invested in the prior five years. Regardless, Trump's protectionist, highly public management isn't an issue for small businesses. Smaller firms export and import far less than s&P 500 giants, and there's little risk that the incoming president will target a mom-and-pop operation in Topeka, Kansas. Also, corporate tax cuts could especially benefit smaller firms, who have less scope and expertise to adopt global tax avoidance strategies like Apple and other multinationals. November's NFIB survey also showed notable increases, with postelection responses particularly strong. December's results confirm that bounce, with newfound optimism continuing to rise. A net 31% expect sales to rise, up 20 points from November and 30 points from October. Now 29% of small firms are planning on more capital expenditures. Sixty-three percent of small businesses boosted capital spending, up 8 points from November. "Business owners are feeling better about taking risks and making investments," NFIB Chief Economist Bill Dunkelberg said. However, hiring plans remain lackluster. Job creation increased by 0.01 worker per firm in December and job openings dropped two points, NFIB said. It cited tight labor markets and a lack of qualified staff. The National Association of Home Builders' Housing Market Index for December sprinted to its highest level since 2005, even with higher mortgage rates making housing less affordable for new buyers, creating a headwind for demand and prices. The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index leapt to a 10-year high in December, even with Democrats turning gloomy. The January IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index will be released on Wednesday. RELATED: Alibaba Founder Ma Describes Trump Meeting As Very Productive Trump Praises Ford, Chrysler, But GM Bypasses U.S. In GMC Move Economic Optimism Hits 10-Year High On Trump, But Democrats Are Blue ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news Apple, Google, Netflix Are In Buy Range; Amazon, Facebook Near Breakouts 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with Netflix, Alphabet and Apple breaking out, and Amazon and Facebook... 11:11 AM ET It's been a FANG-tastic start to the new year, with... Trump Trade: What He Can Do Legally Vs. Nafta, China, Mexico IPhone 8 Could Be Last Hurrah For Apple Smartphone Growth Apple Is Moving Into A Spaceship HQ, But Needs Hit Products To Blast Off Pandora Plus Is Growing, But Takeover Seen As Less Likely Obama's EPA Cuts Off Trump, Locks In Auto Mileage Standards Early Week In Review: Trump Murders Drug Stocks; Apple Breaks Out; GM Bullish Boeing Confirms SpiceJet Deal For 100 New 737 Max 8 Orders Lockheed Notes F-35 Jobs From Production Hike As Trump Blasts Costs Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate PM Modi to inaugurate 8th Vibrant Gujarat Summit today Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Ahmedabad, Jan 10:   On the second day of his two-day Gujarat visit, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate 8th edition of his pet event, Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2017 at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar on Tuesday. World leaders including Presidents, State heads and representatives of the governments from over 20 countries will be witness to the grandest of the Vibrant Gujarat Summits. Prime Minister Modi will inaugurate the event in the post noon session amid presence of a galaxy of business heads from Indian and international corporations. The Presidents of Kenya and Rwanda, Prime Ministers from Portugal and Serbia and Deputy Prime Ministers of Russia and Poland along with senior foreign ministers from other countries will remain present at the inaugural function. Among the business heads, representatives from the global majors such as Boeing, Cisco, RasGas, Suzuki Motors Corporation, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Huntsman, DP World, SAAB AB, Toyo, Hitachi, Dell and Fedex among global corporations will join Indian industry captains including Mukesh Ambani from Reliance Industries, Kumar Mangalam Birla from Adiya Birla Group, Shashi Ruia from Essar Group, Anand Mahindra from Mahindra Group, Sunil Bharti Mittal from Bharti Enterprises, Reliance ADA's Anil Ambani, Adani Group's Gautam Adani, SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya and Flipkart Co-founder Sachin Bansal among others. Earlier on Tuesday, PM made an unscheduled visit to his mother Hiraba who lives with his brother at Raisan village near Gandhinagar. In a tweet on Tuesday he wrote that he had skipped his daily yoga session to meet his mother early this morning and had breakfast with her. In the evening, PM Modi will have a round-table meet with these over 50 global and Indian CEOs and discuss business prospects in India. Modi will be joined with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Gujarat Chief minister Vijay Rupani. After the round-table meet, Modi is scheduled to have a gala dinner with the dignitaries on the terrace of Mahatma Mandir before leaving for New Delhi later in the evening. (This article was published on January 10, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS India | Gujarat | economy, business and finance | events | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » Most Popular MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED International kite festival in Hyderabad from Jan 12-17 Navjot Sidhu joins Congress after meeting Rahul Gandhi Probe agencies join hands in quest for black money Patna boat capsize toll mounts to 24 Kite festival takes off in Hyderabad InterGlobe Hotels debuts in Kerala with ibis Kochi property BJP will win comfortably in Manipur Assembly polls: Javadekar 19 die in Bihar boat tragedy Pongal celebrated with traditional fervour in TN Polls 2017: Why UP, Punjab are set to be cliffhangers Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS ‘No underhand dealing in KG gas field sale’ Need to relax 3% fiscal deficit target ‘Support system, business model vital for sporting success in India’ The needle has moved for Start-up India Jaitley urged to provide balm for demonetisation pains in Budget More » O P E N close Recent Article in National Probe agencies join hands in quest for black money Share information, resources for search and seizure ops » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Latest News / DoD’s Strategic Capabilities Office Demos Perdix Micro-Drones DoD’s Strategic Capabilities Office Demos Perdix Micro-Drones Jane Edwards January 10, 2017 Latest News, Tech & Cyber 358 Views The Defense Department’s strategic capabilities office demonstrated a swarm of 103 autonomous micro-drones in October at China Lake in California. SCO teamed up with the Naval Air Systems Command to deploy the Perdix micro-drones from three Boeing-built F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jets, DoD said in a news release published Monday. According to SCO, the swarm of drones exhibited adaptive formation flying, collective decision-making and self-healing during the flight demonstration. “Because every Perdix communicates and collaborates with every other Perdix, the swarm has no leader and can gracefully adapt to drones entering or exiting the team,” said William Roper, director of SCO. Perdix is a low-altitude unmanned vehicle designed to perform intelligence, surveillance and reconnaisance missions. Engineers and scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Lincoln Laboratory modified the unmanned system, which is currently on its sixth generation, in 2013 for military use. SCO has also collaborated with the Defense Industrial Unit-Experimental to look for companies that could use the design from MIT Lincoln Laboratory to replicate and mass produce the drones in batches of up to 1,000. The flight demonstration was documented on CBS News program “60 Minutes” Sunday. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 60 Minutes Boeing CBS News Defense Department Defense Industrial Unit-Experimental DIUX DoD F/A-18 Super Hornet featured fighter jet govcon ISR massachusetts institute of technology micro-drone MIT Lincoln Laboratory Naval Air Systems Command Perdix SCO William Roper Related Articles Mary Davie: GSA Unveils Rebranded Office of Information Technology Category January 13, 2017 Trump Appoints Former NYC Mayor Rudolph Giuliani as Cybersecurity Adviser January 13, 2017 GSA Seeks Acquisition Mgmt Specialist January 13, 2017 Check Also Report: Terry Halvorsen to Retire as DoD CIO in February Terry Halvorsen, chief information officer at the Defense Department since March 2015, will retire from … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Mary Davie: GSA Unveils Rebranded Office of Information Technology Category Trump Appoints Former NYC Mayor Rudolph Giuliani as Cybersecurity Adviser GSA Seeks Acquisition Mgmt Specialist Report: Terry Halvorsen to Retire as DoD CIO in February National Association of Corporate Directors Issues New Edition of Cyber-Risk Oversight Guide Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP Engility Board of Directors Adds DHI Chair John Barter; Lynn Dugle Comments Unisys Appoints New VPs for Federal Business Unit; PV Puvvada Comments Lockheed to Continue F-35A Air System Integration Support to South Korea Under $450M Award CACI to Provide Logistics, Training Support to Fleet Forces Command Under $140M Contract; Ken Asbury Comments Chuck Prow: Vectrus to Focus on IT, Network Communications Expansion in 2017 Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP Engility Board of Directors Adds DHI Chair John Barter; Lynn Dugle Comments @Follow Me .@tableau, @CommerceGov to collaborate on economic data visualization effort #GovCon https://t.co/EiVi5S7SmS57 mins ago .@USArmy taps @DynCorpIntl for aircraft repair contract, mobile radio support services #GovCon https://t.co/zls8v0jXSz2 hours ago .@ONC_HealthIT unveils winners of health data app design challenges #GovCon https://t.co/2zBZlVziSK2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 16 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology RAK realty developer offers competitive pay plans to lure Dubai residents UAE banks to report modest growth in assets and profitability Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia International Shipping sign $21mln deal Qatar National Bank seeks growth in SE Asia; Q4 profit rises RAK realty developer offers competitive pay plans to lure Dubai residents UAE's Nakheel to develop $1.36 bln Deira Islands Boulevard Dubai retail developers prepare for bumper year Dubai's real estate transactions $70 bln in 2016 UAE's Nakheel to develop $1.36 bln Deira Islands Boulevard Saudi SABIC set to launch new foam grade Kuwait to develop $1 bln Olympic Village Amman road network inaugurated with UAE's ADFD contribution Saudi Arabia Fertilizers reports 25% drop in Q4 net profit Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond Iran sells 11 mln bbl condensate to South Korea in Dec UAE raises the bar on sustainable future UAE banks to report modest growth in assets and profitability Qatar National Bank seeks growth in SE Asia; Q4 profit rises Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond Egypt's foreign investment in treasuries to reach $10-11 bln in 1 year Abu Dhabi's UNB says IPO for Islamic insurer JV heavily oversubscribed Malaysia considering fund to spur foreign investment in Islamic finance Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan lines up $500 mln sukuk Africa Finance Corp plans maiden sukuk soon Expo 2020 Dubai delivers first roll-out of Expo Live programme First smart pharmacy run by robot begins at Dubai's Rashid Hospital Ooredoo Oman telecom posts 5.4% Q4 net profit drop Etisalat changes international calling charge pulse Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Israel set to approve bill to deport Palestinians in 1948 areas Jordan's King Abdullah reshuffles government Egypt's $12 bln IMF loan carries interest rate of 1.5-1.75 pct Qatar amends conditions: Job change now made easier for expats Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Sharjah opens new $109mln prison Indians win most of gold during Dubai Shopping Festival UAE banks to report modest growth in assets and profitability Syrians orphaned and desperate in a foreign country Jordan's King Abdullah reshuffles government Turkey says united, peaceful Syria impossible with Assad Jordan Response plan for Syrian crisis valued at $7.6 bln approved Egypt's $12 bln IMF loan carries interest rate of 1.5-1.75 pct Egypt's foreign investment in treasuries to reach $10-11 bln in 1 year Libya not accepting Italy migrant deal - EU presidency Malta Algerian demand boosts UK wheat exports Israel refuses to attend Paris conference Iraq trying to improve relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia Pakistan invites Oman to invest in energy sector Pakistan's Musharraf summoned in detention of judges case Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dubai index falls more than 1% as caution sets in ahead of results UAE's ADIB issues capital-protected equity investment structured note Saudi Arabia Fertilizers reports 25% drop in Q4 net profit Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond Dubai index falls more than 1% as caution sets in ahead of results Qatar National Bank seeks growth in SE Asia; Q4 profit rises Bahrain's Nogaholding approaches banks for debut bond Egypt's foreign investment in treasuries to reach $10-11 bln in 1 year Turkish lira set for worst week in 8 months Egypt says foreigners will be able to repatriate profits soon Egypt hires banks for US dollar bond offering Dollar edges up from 5-week low vs yen Iran sells 11 mln bbl condensate to South Korea in Dec INTERVIEW-OPEC chief confident in commitment for output cut deal Oil to average in $50s this year: GI survey Egypt eases strategic grains import regulations Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Sharjah opens new $109mln prison One crime every 28 minutes in Oman Syrian selfie refugee sues Facebook for "defamatory" posts Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Israel set to approve bill to deport Palestinians in 1948 areas Tunisia to impose new measures for the media Oman to set up a court to speed up labour disputes' resolution One crime every 28 minutes in Oman Syrian selfie refugee sues Facebook for "defamatory" posts Lebanese govt awaits judicial decision on dump Saudi Arabia to expand maritime anti-piracy code Dubai spice market vendors told to display price tags Consumer materials found hidden in manholes at Dubai labour camp Bahrain shuts down supermarket for overpricing Egypt eases strategic grains import regulations Bahrain executes three Shi'ites for bombing, sparks outcry Environmentalist Goodall lauds UAE exotic animal ban New hotline to report child abuse in Oman Saudi arrests car drifters following 'scary' display Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Indians win most of gold during Dubai Shopping Festival Lady Liberty shown as black woman on US coin The “Do Not Spoil Your Beauty” campaign Over 5.6 million Saudis unmarried past traditional marriage age Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations First smart pharmacy run by robot begins at Dubai's Rashid Hospital The “Do Not Spoil Your Beauty” campaign Stroke device could allow self-rehabilitation Rampant copyright violations exposed in Arab world Gaza teacher looks to inspire in battle against special needs education Dubai cracks down on cafes for shisha violations Indians win most of gold during Dubai Shopping Festival Lady Liberty shown as black woman on US coin China's cheap electric car boom Lufthansa says no evidence of bomb on board Eurowings plane landed in Kuwait Trump, tech tycoons talk overhaul of high-skilled visa program Saudi Arabia to increase Jordan's pilgrims quota by 20% Thousands of UAE travellers face fog-induced delays ABBA tribute band Revival in Dubai Actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard finalise bitter divorce Priyanka Chopra recovering after mishap on 'Quantico' set 'Star Wars' makers vow not to digitally recreate Carrie Fisher Stand-in captain Hafeez leads Pakistan to Melbourne win German swimmers dive into frosty waters to become "Ice King of Chiemsee" Messi is 'indispensable' to Barcelona Soccer-Barcelona remove director Gratacos after Messi remarks Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Alsalam Aircraft Company changes to 'Alsalam Aerospace Industries' 10 January, 2017 10 January 2017 ALSALAM Aircraft Company, the leading aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul company in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, has changed its identity to «Alsalam Aerospace Industries». This change is part of an integrated and holistic program in which the company has launched in line with its technical advancements in the aerospace industry. Alsalam has progressed from its core capabilities of the maintenance, repair modification and upgrade of aircraft to the assembly of military aircraft and the manufacture of major military components. Alsalam Aerospace Industries was established in 1988 under the Saudi Economic Offset Program to develop the aviation industry in the Kingdom and establish self-sufficiency in commercial and military aircraft maintenance, repair, modification and upgrade. With Allah’s blessing, the steadfast support of the Ministry of Defense, and the Royal Saudi Air Force, Alsalam has developed its technical and non-technical capabilities and established itself as a regional leader and the Kingdom’s premier provider of aerospace products and services for military and commercial aircraft. Alsalam has deep and long lasting relations with the Saudi Armed Forces and in particular the Royal Saudi Air Force, other defense and security services and strategic manufacturing partners headed by The Boeing Company. To celebrate this key milestone in Alsalam›s history, the Chairman of Alsalam Aerospace Industries Ibrahim Bin Ali Bin Musallam, has announced that «the decision to change the company›s name followed extending our technical capabilities to include aircraft assembly and manufacturing … the first product of our new advanced capabilities, the conversion of an RSAF F‑15S to F‑15SA configuration using F-15SA wing assemblies and forward fuselages manufactured by Alsalam, has been completed at our facilities in Riyadh, making Saudi Arabia only one of two countries outside the US with this capability. This is not only a tremendous boost to the company›s confidence but also completely aligns Alsalam with the rapid development of our beloved country and the Kingdom›s vision under Saudi Arabia Vision 2030. Bin Musallam added «this phase is a defining and turning point in Alsalam›s progress and a paradigm shift in the aircraft industry in the Kingdom. It makes us incredibly proud and gives us great confidence in the capabilities of our national talent, especially our technicians and engineers, who are integral to developing the company›s capabilities. He further said «on behalf of our Board of Directors and executive management, I would like to thank the Custodian of the two Holy Mosques (King Salman), for the good governance that has provided outstanding support for the development of national capabilities that led us to delivering excellence.» The President and Chief Executive Officer of Alsalam Aerospace Industries Yahya Bin Hamoud Al Ghoraibi said changing the company name, introducing the new corporate brand identity and transforming the company to include manufacturing reflects our continuous efforts to develop the aircraft industry in the Kingdom. Advertisement He emphasized that «In our pursuit of good governance, we will not stop with just the change in our company name, we will take advantage of every opportunity to increase our abilities, review our internal policies and processes, and strengthen our relationships with our strategic partners. Moreover; most of all we will develop our national talent base and attract young Saudi who have ambition and relevant skill sets. We will train, develop, and qualify them to contribute not only to Alsalam›s diverse activities but to ensure progress in our sector and our contribution to our beloved country. Al Ghoraibi also lauded the long and solid partnership and support Alsalam Aerospace Industries has received from the Ministry of Defense and the Royal Saudi Air Force who believe in the importance of developing national capabilities. © The Saudi Gazette 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Standard Chartered appoints Souad Benkredda as head of financial markets UAE Standard Chartered has appointed Souad Benkredda as Head of Financial Markets, UAE. 17 hours ago Northwestern University in Qatar announces appointment of COO, Pim Thukral Northwestern University in Qatar announced appointment of Pim Thukral as its Chief Operations Officer. 20 hours ago Dubai International Financial Centre authority appoints new Chief Financial Officer 2 days ago UAE's Musafir.com online travel agency appoints former DIFC CFO as new group CEO to drive investment and growth 10 Jan 2017  from Four Communications Group Cisco Middle East appoints Waheed Al Hamaid country sales lead for Oman 10 Jan 2017  from OAK Consulting UAE's Julphar pharmaceutical appoints new CFO 09 Jan 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Michoud complete stand for testing SLS main fuel tank by Tracy McMahan for MSFC Huntsville AL (SPX) Jan 10, 2017 Robert Bobo, left, and Mike Nichols talk beneath the 221-foot-tall Test Stand 4693, the largest of two new Space Launch System test stands at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. Bobo manages SLS structural strength testing, and Nichols is lead test engineer for the SLS liquid hydrogen tank, which the stand will subject to the forces it must endure during launch and flight. This stand and Test Stand 4697, where the SLS liquid oxygen tank will be tested, were designed and developed by Marshall's Test Laboratory and the Office of Center Operations. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers provided oversight for the construction contract for the government. Construction partners included general contractor Brasfield and Gorrie of Birmingham, Alabama; architects Goodwyn, Mills and Cawood of Montgomery, Alabama; architects Merrick and Company of Greenwood Village, Colorado; steel fabricators North Alabama Fabricating Co. of Birmingham; and steel erectors LPR Construction of Loveland, Colorado. Image courtesy NASA/MSFC/Emmett Given. For a larger version of this image please go here. Major construction is complete on NASA's largest new Space Launch System structural test stand, and engineers are now installing equipment needed to test the rocket's biggest fuel tank. The stand is critical for ensuring SLS's liquid hydrogen tank can withstand the extreme forces of launch and ascent on its first flight, and later on the second flight, which will carry up to four astronauts in the Orion spacecraft on a journey around the moon, into the deep-space proving ground for the technology needed for the journey to Mars. "There is no other facility that can handle something as big as the SLS hydrogen tank," said Sam Stephens, an SLS engineer working on the tests at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. "There are few places in the world like NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility that could build these things, and even fewer that can test them." After the project began in May 2014, Test Stand 4693 changed the skyline of Marshall as its twin towers soared to 221 feet (67.4 meters). In December, contractors and steelworkers handed the stand over to Marshall engineers, who are now busy installing complex networks of cables, pipes, valves, control systems, cameras, lighting and specially designed test equipment. "The scale and capability of this test stand are unique, and creating it has taken people from across the country, from all walks of life - concrete suppliers and finishers, steel fabricators and erectors, bolt manufacturers and more," said Robert Bobo, who manages SLS structural strength testing at Marshall. "Everyone who's touching this is proud of the Space Launch System, an American rocket that will send astronauts farther in space than humans have ever traveled before." The stand will simulate the powerful dynamics of launch and flight by pushing, pulling and bending the SLS liquid hydrogen qualification test article, recently constructed by Boeing at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans. The 149-foot-long (45.4 meters) test article consists of a liquid hydrogen tank and equipment attached at each end to simulate the other parts of the 212-foot-long (64.6 meters) core stage, the backbone of the rocket. Together, the SLS liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen tanks will feed 733,000 gallons (nearly 3 million liters) of super-cooled propellant to four RS-25 engines, producing a total of 2 million pounds of thrust at the base of the core stage. The liquid hydrogen tank test article will travel by barge from Michoud to Marshall. When testing begins, the tank test article will be positioned between the towers, suspended beneath a crosshead. A total of 38 hydraulic cylinders or "loadlines," each weighing from 500 to 3,200 pounds (approximately 230 to 1,500 kilograms), will be individually calibrated, outfitted with custom-built test cells to send and receive instructions and data, and then positioned at points all along the tank. At the base, 24 of the largest cylinders - 3,200 pounds each, about as heavy as a medium-sized car - will simulate the thrust produced by the RS-25 engines. During testing, the cylinders extend and retract, pushing and pulling in different combinations against the test article, the test stand base and towers, applying millions of pounds of pulling and crushing force and up to 340,000 pounds (approximately 1.5 million newtons) of shearing or sideways force. During 30 or more test scenarios, instrumentation will capture more than 3,500 strain and detection measurements, temperatures, pressures, high-definition images and other information. Careful attention to construction of the stand and the comprehensive testing is vital because every weld, every bolt, every connection, every measurement is important. "Everyone working on this knows that even the smallest things matter in such a big project," Stephens said. Nearby, similar preparations have been underway since September 2016 on Test Stand 4697, where the SLS's 70-foot-tall (21.3 meter) liquid oxygen tank test article will be anchored in the crook of the L-shaped stand's arms. Because it takes some time for the cryogenic tanks to be brought to the precise temperatures and pressures required, teams also are preparing for some round-the-clock test sessions. A tank's complete test series might take up to four months. As the new test stands move past the major construction phase, so does the job of Phil Hendrix. He's been the Marshall Center Operations construction project manager for both stands since they were just ideas on paper in 2012, and will continue to provide support as his day-to-day focus shifts to other center operations needs and projects. As the stands took shape, Hendrix said he could see the steelworkers and welders from across the country develop a sense of mission as they worked, and all delivered. "It really comes down to people when you need to get anything done. And I think NASA brings out the best in people," he said. "It's the sense of awe and wonder about what's out there, about exploration, imagination, pride and patriotism. It's what happens because of our mission." Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links Space Launch System Rocket Science News at Space-Travel.Com Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report GMV invests in PLD Space Madrid, Spain (SPX) Jan 10, 2017 The International Tech Company GMV, with an important presence in the global space sector, has decided to trust in the PLD Space project and will take part in the ownership of the young space company as shareholder. GMV will also develop key technology and will work together with PLD Space in the development of the ARION 1 and ARION 2 launchers, an activity that will enable both companies to gro ... read more Real time imaging and transcriptome analysis of medaka aboard space station Russian Astronauts to Hold Terminator Experiment in Space Two US astronauts complete spacewalk to upgrade ISS The hidden artist of the Soviet space programme Next Cygnus Mission to Station Set for March Michoud complete stand for testing SLS main fuel tank Weather delays resumption of SpaceX's rocket launches Arianespace to launch Intelsat 39 HI-SEAS Mission V crew preparing to enter Mars simulation habitat New Year yields interesting bright soil for Opportunity rover Hues in a Crater Slope 3-D images reveal features of Martian polar ice caps China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" Beijing's space program soars in 2016 China Plans to Launch 1st Mars Probe by 2020 - State Council Information Office OneWeb announces key funding from SoftBank Group and other investors Airbus DS and Energia eye new medium-class satellite platform Space as a Driver for Socio-Economic Sustainable Development SoftBank delivers first $1 bn of Trump pledge, to space firm Scientists recreate stellar combustion conditions using compact lasers 3-D printing and nanotechnology, a mighty alliance to detect toxic liquids MIT scientists create super strong, lightweight 3D graphene Artisan 3D radar completes sea trials VLT to Search for Planets in Alpha Centauri System Could dark streaks in Venusian clouds be microbial life Hubble detects 'exocomets' taking the plunge into a young star Between a rock and a hard place: can garnet planets be habitable Lowell Observatory to renovate Pluto discovery telescope How a moon slows the decay of Pluto's atmosphere Flying observatory makes observations of Jupiter previously only possible from space York U research identifies icy ridges on Pluto Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-ANI » National Several trains cancelled, flights delayed as fog engulfs Delhi Ghaziabad: Three children, two women killed as two-storey building collapses Business Standard PM Modi to inaugurate 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit today ANI  |  Gandhinagar (Gujarat) [India]  January 10, 2017 Last Updated at 08:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USbZZf ALSO READ Rwanda, Kenya Presidents to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit Modi to inaugurate Vibrant Gujarat summit next month Vibrant Gujarat Summit to begin tomorrow Modi to inaugurate Vibrant Gujarat summit on Jan 10 Vibrant Gujarat Summit Modi's 'self-marketing tool': Cong Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the eighth edition of four-day-long Vibrant Gujarat summit beginning on Tuesday. This year's biennial flagship event will host prime ministers, presidents, deputy Prime Ministers and ministers of several countries apart from CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. Prime Minister of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic, President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Costa, Russia's deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and France's foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault will participate in the Summit along with other dignitaries. Prime Minister will chair Global CEOs Conclave- which will be attended by world's top CEOs. Bertrand-Marc Allen of Boeing International, Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem of DP World group, Cisco System's John Chambers are prominent among them. Indian business personalities like Mukesh Ambani, Anil Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Gautam Adani, Vishal Sikka and Pankaj Patel will also attend the Global CEOs' Conclave. The summit aims to provide a platform to debate global economic and social issues on the lines of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos. Large delegations from 12 partner countries of Vibrant Gujarat including the US, the UK, France, Australia & Canada are also attending the summit. The investment commitment is expected to reach at 30 lakh crore rupees, the highest among all summits held so far. Apart from the country-specific seminars featuring several nations, sessions on goods and services tax (GST), Make in Gujarat, MSMEs, smart and livable cities, innovation, startups and entrepreneurship will be major attractions. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On S John | Vibrant Gujarat Summit | Kumar Mangalam Birla | Narendra Modi | Vishal Sikka | Gujarat | Fortune | Kenya | Mukesh | Narendra | Russia PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? PM Modi to inaugurate 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit today Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the eighth edition of four-day-long Vibrant Gujarat summit beginning on Tuesday.This year's biennial flagship event will host prime ministers, presidents, deputy Prime Ministers and ministers of several countries apart from CEOs of Fortune 500 companies.Prime Minister of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic, President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Costa, Russia's deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and France's foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault will participate in the Summit along with other dignitaries.Prime Minister will chair Global CEOs Conclave- which will be attended by world's top CEOs. Bertrand-Marc Allen of Boeing International, Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem of DP World group, Cisco System's John Chambers are prominent among them.Indian business personalities like Mukesh Ambani, Anil Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Gautam Adani, Vishal Sikka and Pankaj Patel will also attend the Global ... Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the eighth edition of four-day-long Vibrant Gujarat summit beginning on Tuesday. This year's biennial flagship event will host prime ministers, presidents, deputy Prime Ministers and ministers of several countries apart from CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. Prime Minister of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic, President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Costa, Russia's deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and France's foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault will participate in the Summit along with other dignitaries. Prime Minister will chair Global CEOs Conclave- which will be attended by world's top CEOs. Bertrand-Marc Allen of Boeing International, Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem of DP World group, Cisco System's John Chambers are prominent among them. Indian business personalities like Mukesh Ambani, Anil Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Gautam Adani, Vishal Sikka and Pankaj Patel will also attend the Global CEOs' Conclave. The summit aims to provide a platform to debate global economic and social issues on the lines of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos. Large delegations from 12 partner countries of Vibrant Gujarat including the US, the UK, France, Australia & Canada are also attending the summit. The investment commitment is expected to reach at 30 lakh crore rupees, the highest among all summits held so far. Apart from the country-specific seminars featuring several nations, sessions on goods and services tax (GST), Make in Gujarat, MSMEs, smart and livable cities, innovation, startups and entrepreneurship will be major attractions. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 PM Modi to inaugurate 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit today Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the eighth edition of four-day-long Vibrant Gujarat summit beginning on Tuesday. This year's biennial flagship event will host prime ministers, presidents, deputy Prime Ministers and ministers of several countries apart from CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. Prime Minister of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic, President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Costa, Russia's deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and France's foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault will participate in the Summit along with other dignitaries. Prime Minister will chair Global CEOs Conclave- which will be attended by world's top CEOs. Bertrand-Marc Allen of Boeing International, Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem of DP World group, Cisco System's John Chambers are prominent among them. Indian business personalities like Mukesh Ambani, Anil Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Gautam Adani, Vishal Sikka and Pankaj Patel will also attend the Global CEOs' Conclave. The summit aims to provide a platform to debate global economic and social issues on the lines of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos. Large delegations from 12 partner countries of Vibrant Gujarat including the US, the UK, France, Australia & Canada are also attending the summit. The investment commitment is expected to reach at 30 lakh crore rupees, the highest among all summits held so far. Apart from the country-specific seminars featuring several nations, sessions on goods and services tax (GST), Make in Gujarat, MSMEs, smart and livable cities, innovation, startups and entrepreneurship will be major attractions. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register January-February 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search Blogs: The Buzz China's Very First Nuclear Attack Submarines Had Some Major Fatal Flaws Kyle Mizokami January 15, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz In 1974, the People’s Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) accepted delivery of the country’s first nuclear-powered submarine. Long a cherished goal of Chairman Mao himself, the design was initially a disappointment. Despite their less than ideal performance, the Type 091 Han-class submarines will ultimately be remembered as Asia’s first indigenously produced nuclear attack submarines. According to historian Benjamin Lai, author of The Dragon’s Teeth, China first expressed interest in developing nuclear missile submarines as early as 1958. The project then stalled for several years, a period coinciding with the Great Leap Forward, but was revived in 1965. Beijing ultimately decided on a more pragmatic approach, building an attack submarine first and only then a missile submarine. The reasoning was that to produce an attack submarine, China would only need to master the reactor technology to be successful, while a nuclear ballistic missile submarine required mastery of the reactor, a missile and the underwater launch system. In many ways, this “walk before you run” strategy paralleled the American effort to build an SSBN as the Americans first built the Skipjack-class nuclear attack subs and then modified them into the missile-carrying George Washington class. The Chinese defense industry set to work, with designer Peng Shilu initially leading the effort. (Eventually his role would be taken over by Huang Xuhua, who later worked on the Type 092 ballistic missile submarine project.) Unlike the Americans, who built world-class submarines and were the first to utilize underwater nuclear propulsion, the Chinese were at a serious technological disadvantage. That was evident in what came to be known as the Type 091 class submarine.The submarines were produced at the Bohai Shipyards in Huludao. The keel for the first submarine, pennant number 401, was laid in 1968 and completed in 1974. Four more submarines followed, the last being completed in 1991. The slow production rate hints at serious engineering issues. The first submarine took seven years to complete. The second took three years to complete, while the last three each took only one year to complete. According to the authoritative Combat Fleets of the World, the subs early on were known within the PLAN as “sharks without teeth.” Overall, it took twenty-one years to complete just five submarines. The Type 091 class weighs 5,500 tons submerged. It has a length of approximately 321 feet and a beam of thirty-two feet. The boats feature a large sail reminiscent of the Soviet Type 636 Kilo-class submarines. The teardrop-style hull was an early effort to catch up to the States in submarine hull technology. In 2015, the now-defunct Want China Times reported that Huang Xuhua claimed he developed the Type 091 hull from two toy submarines imported from the United States and Hong Kong. While a nice story, it seems unlikely that Huang could have divined enough detail from a toy to bypass years of hydrodynamic research. The Type 091 subs are equipped with six standard diameter 533-millimeter torpedo tubes. They utilize the French Thomson-Sintra DUUX-5 passive sonars, equipment that was purchased before the post–Tiananmen Square arms embargo. The system can track up to three targets simultaneously. The Type 091 can also lay sea mines. One of the greatest, if not the greatest metric for a submarine is the ability to operate quietly and evade detection. The Type 091 has been described as a “relatively noisy submarine based on 1950s and 1960s technology.” Li Jie, a Beijing-based military expert, claimed that the Type 091s are “about 20 years behind US vessels,” and still posed a threat to U.S. carriers. Li also made the claim that during the 1996 Taiwan Strait crisis, two Type 091 submarines tracked the aircraft carriers USS Independence and USS Abraham Lincoln, “pushing the US carriers back 200 miles.” The five Type 091 submarines were originally all based with the PLAN’s North Sea Fleet. The decision to base them all together was likely for logistical reasons, as it would be easier to maintain five nuclear reactors at a single facility. It should also be pointed out that the basing decision was made at a time when China considered the Soviet Union a much more serious threat than the United States. Today, the Type 091 submarines are slowly being phased out. The first sub, 401, was decommissioned in 2000 and the second in 2004. In 2014, one paid a port call at Colombo, Sri Lanka. The following year, one Type 091 accompanied China’s rotation of ships posted to antipiracy duties off the Horn of Africa. The voyage from northern China to off the coast of Somalia is nearly eight thousand miles long, and may be the longest ever taken by a Chinese nuclear submarine. This suggests that, more than four decades after the ships were first built, the kinks in the design have been finally worked out and Type 091 class is now thoroughly reliable. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Kyle Mizokami The U.S. Military Made a Big Mistake When It Came to Russia's Cold War Navy (And Might Repeat It with China) Michael Peck January 15, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz In 1974, the People’s Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) accepted delivery of the country’s first nuclear-powered submarine. Long a cherished goal of Chairman Mao himself, the design was initially a disappointment. Despite their less than ideal performance, the Type 091 Han-class submarines will ultimately be remembered as Asia’s first indigenously produced nuclear attack submarines. According to historian Benjamin Lai, author of The Dragon’s Teeth, China first expressed interest in developing nuclear missile submarines as early as 1958. The project then stalled for several years, a period coinciding with the Great Leap Forward, but was revived in 1965. Beijing ultimately decided on a more pragmatic approach, building an attack submarine first and only then a missile submarine. The reasoning was that to produce an attack submarine, China would only need to master the reactor technology to be successful, while a nuclear ballistic missile submarine required mastery of the reactor, a missile and the underwater launch system. In many ways, this “walk before you run” strategy paralleled the American effort to build an SSBN as the Americans first built the Skipjack-class nuclear attack subs and then modified them into the missile-carrying George Washington class. The Chinese defense industry set to work, with designer Peng Shilu initially leading the effort. (Eventually his role would be taken over by Huang Xuhua, who later worked on the Type 092 ballistic missile submarine project.) Unlike the Americans, who built world-class submarines and were the first to utilize underwater nuclear propulsion, the Chinese were at a serious technological disadvantage. That was evident in what came to be known as the Type 091 class submarine.The submarines were produced at the Bohai Shipyards in Huludao. The keel for the first submarine, pennant number 401, was laid in 1968 and completed in 1974. Four more submarines followed, the last being completed in 1991. The slow production rate hints at serious engineering issues. The first submarine took seven years to complete. The second took three years to complete, while the last three each took only one year to complete. According to the authoritative Combat Fleets of the World, the subs early on were known within the PLAN as “sharks without teeth.” Overall, it took twenty-one years to complete just five submarines. The Type 091 class weighs 5,500 tons submerged. It has a length of approximately 321 feet and a beam of thirty-two feet. The boats feature a large sail reminiscent of the Soviet Type 636 Kilo-class submarines. The teardrop-style hull was an early effort to catch up to the States in submarine hull technology. In 2015, the now-defunct Want China Times reported that Huang Xuhua claimed he developed the Type 091 hull from two toy submarines imported from the United States and Hong Kong. While a nice story, it seems unlikely that Huang could have divined enough detail from a toy to bypass years of hydrodynamic research. The Type 091 subs are equipped with six standard diameter 533-millimeter torpedo tubes. They utilize the French Thomson-Sintra DUUX-5 passive sonars, equipment that was purchased before the post–Tiananmen Square arms embargo. The system can track up to three targets simultaneously. The Type 091 can also lay sea mines. One of the greatest, if not the greatest metric for a submarine is the ability to operate quietly and evade detection. The Type 091 has been described as a “relatively noisy submarine based on 1950s and 1960s technology.” Li Jie, a Beijing-based military expert, claimed that the Type 091s are “about 20 years behind US vessels,” and still posed a threat to U.S. carriers. Li also made the claim that during the 1996 Taiwan Strait crisis, two Type 091 submarines tracked the aircraft carriers USS Independence and USS Abraham Lincoln, “pushing the US carriers back 200 miles.” The five Type 091 submarines were originally all based with the PLAN’s North Sea Fleet. The decision to base them all together was likely for logistical reasons, as it would be easier to maintain five nuclear reactors at a single facility. It should also be pointed out that the basing decision was made at a time when China considered the Soviet Union a much more serious threat than the United States. Today, the Type 091 submarines are slowly being phased out. The first sub, 401, was decommissioned in 2000 and the second in 2004. In 2014, one paid a port call at Colombo, Sri Lanka. The following year, one Type 091 accompanied China’s rotation of ships posted to antipiracy duties off the Horn of Africa. The voyage from northern China to off the coast of Somalia is nearly eight thousand miles long, and may be the longest ever taken by a Chinese nuclear submarine. This suggests that, more than four decades after the ships were first built, the kinks in the design have been finally worked out and Type 091 class is now thoroughly reliable. Pages 1 2 3 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsAsia More stories by: Michael Peck Russia's First Nuclear Attack Submarine Was a Real Killer (Of Lots of Russian Sailors) Sebastien Roblin January 15, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz In 1974, the People’s Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) accepted delivery of the country’s first nuclear-powered submarine. Long a cherished goal of Chairman Mao himself, the design was initially a disappointment. Despite their less than ideal performance, the Type 091 Han-class submarines will ultimately be remembered as Asia’s first indigenously produced nuclear attack submarines. According to historian Benjamin Lai, author of The Dragon’s Teeth, China first expressed interest in developing nuclear missile submarines as early as 1958. The project then stalled for several years, a period coinciding with the Great Leap Forward, but was revived in 1965. Beijing ultimately decided on a more pragmatic approach, building an attack submarine first and only then a missile submarine. The reasoning was that to produce an attack submarine, China would only need to master the reactor technology to be successful, while a nuclear ballistic missile submarine required mastery of the reactor, a missile and the underwater launch system. In many ways, this “walk before you run” strategy paralleled the American effort to build an SSBN as the Americans first built the Skipjack-class nuclear attack subs and then modified them into the missile-carrying George Washington class. The Chinese defense industry set to work, with designer Peng Shilu initially leading the effort. (Eventually his role would be taken over by Huang Xuhua, who later worked on the Type 092 ballistic missile submarine project.) Unlike the Americans, who built world-class submarines and were the first to utilize underwater nuclear propulsion, the Chinese were at a serious technological disadvantage. That was evident in what came to be known as the Type 091 class submarine.The submarines were produced at the Bohai Shipyards in Huludao. The keel for the first submarine, pennant number 401, was laid in 1968 and completed in 1974. Four more submarines followed, the last being completed in 1991. The slow production rate hints at serious engineering issues. The first submarine took seven years to complete. The second took three years to complete, while the last three each took only one year to complete. According to the authoritative Combat Fleets of the World, the subs early on were known within the PLAN as “sharks without teeth.” Overall, it took twenty-one years to complete just five submarines. The Type 091 class weighs 5,500 tons submerged. It has a length of approximately 321 feet and a beam of thirty-two feet. The boats feature a large sail reminiscent of the Soviet Type 636 Kilo-class submarines. The teardrop-style hull was an early effort to catch up to the States in submarine hull technology. In 2015, the now-defunct Want China Times reported that Huang Xuhua claimed he developed the Type 091 hull from two toy submarines imported from the United States and Hong Kong. While a nice story, it seems unlikely that Huang could have divined enough detail from a toy to bypass years of hydrodynamic research. The Type 091 subs are equipped with six standard diameter 533-millimeter torpedo tubes. They utilize the French Thomson-Sintra DUUX-5 passive sonars, equipment that was purchased before the post–Tiananmen Square arms embargo. The system can track up to three targets simultaneously. The Type 091 can also lay sea mines. One of the greatest, if not the greatest metric for a submarine is the ability to operate quietly and evade detection. The Type 091 has been described as a “relatively noisy submarine based on 1950s and 1960s technology.” Li Jie, a Beijing-based military expert, claimed that the Type 091s are “about 20 years behind US vessels,” and still posed a threat to U.S. carriers. Li also made the claim that during the 1996 Taiwan Strait crisis, two Type 091 submarines tracked the aircraft carriers USS Independence and USS Abraham Lincoln, “pushing the US carriers back 200 miles.” The five Type 091 submarines were originally all based with the PLAN’s North Sea Fleet. The decision to base them all together was likely for logistical reasons, as it would be easier to maintain five nuclear reactors at a single facility. It should also be pointed out that the basing decision was made at a time when China considered the Soviet Union a much more serious threat than the United States. Today, the Type 091 submarines are slowly being phased out. The first sub, 401, was decommissioned in 2000 and the second in 2004. In 2014, one paid a port call at Colombo, Sri Lanka. The following year, one Type 091 accompanied China’s rotation of ships posted to antipiracy duties off the Horn of Africa. The voyage from northern China to off the coast of Somalia is nearly eight thousand miles long, and may be the longest ever taken by a Chinese nuclear submarine. This suggests that, more than four decades after the ships were first built, the kinks in the design have been finally worked out and Type 091 class is now thoroughly reliable. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsEurasia More stories by: Sebastien Roblin Interactive Missile Map Reveals How Messy a NATO-Russia War Would Be Robert Beckhusen January 15, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz In 1974, the People’s Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) accepted delivery of the country’s first nuclear-powered submarine. Long a cherished goal of Chairman Mao himself, the design was initially a disappointment. Despite their less than ideal performance, the Type 091 Han-class submarines will ultimately be remembered as Asia’s first indigenously produced nuclear attack submarines. According to historian Benjamin Lai, author of The Dragon’s Teeth, China first expressed interest in developing nuclear missile submarines as early as 1958. The project then stalled for several years, a period coinciding with the Great Leap Forward, but was revived in 1965. Beijing ultimately decided on a more pragmatic approach, building an attack submarine first and only then a missile submarine. The reasoning was that to produce an attack submarine, China would only need to master the reactor technology to be successful, while a nuclear ballistic missile submarine required mastery of the reactor, a missile and the underwater launch system. In many ways, this “walk before you run” strategy paralleled the American effort to build an SSBN as the Americans first built the Skipjack-class nuclear attack subs and then modified them into the missile-carrying George Washington class. The Chinese defense industry set to work, with designer Peng Shilu initially leading the effort. (Eventually his role would be taken over by Huang Xuhua, who later worked on the Type 092 ballistic missile submarine project.) Unlike the Americans, who built world-class submarines and were the first to utilize underwater nuclear propulsion, the Chinese were at a serious technological disadvantage. That was evident in what came to be known as the Type 091 class submarine.The submarines were produced at the Bohai Shipyards in Huludao. The keel for the first submarine, pennant number 401, was laid in 1968 and completed in 1974. Four more submarines followed, the last being completed in 1991. The slow production rate hints at serious engineering issues. The first submarine took seven years to complete. The second took three years to complete, while the last three each took only one year to complete. According to the authoritative Combat Fleets of the World, the subs early on were known within the PLAN as “sharks without teeth.” Overall, it took twenty-one years to complete just five submarines. The Type 091 class weighs 5,500 tons submerged. It has a length of approximately 321 feet and a beam of thirty-two feet. The boats feature a large sail reminiscent of the Soviet Type 636 Kilo-class submarines. The teardrop-style hull was an early effort to catch up to the States in submarine hull technology. In 2015, the now-defunct Want China Times reported that Huang Xuhua claimed he developed the Type 091 hull from two toy submarines imported from the United States and Hong Kong. While a nice story, it seems unlikely that Huang could have divined enough detail from a toy to bypass years of hydrodynamic research. The Type 091 subs are equipped with six standard diameter 533-millimeter torpedo tubes. They utilize the French Thomson-Sintra DUUX-5 passive sonars, equipment that was purchased before the post–Tiananmen Square arms embargo. The system can track up to three targets simultaneously. The Type 091 can also lay sea mines. One of the greatest, if not the greatest metric for a submarine is the ability to operate quietly and evade detection. The Type 091 has been described as a “relatively noisy submarine based on 1950s and 1960s technology.” Li Jie, a Beijing-based military expert, claimed that the Type 091s are “about 20 years behind US vessels,” and still posed a threat to U.S. carriers. Li also made the claim that during the 1996 Taiwan Strait crisis, two Type 091 submarines tracked the aircraft carriers USS Independence and USS Abraham Lincoln, “pushing the US carriers back 200 miles.” The five Type 091 submarines were originally all based with the PLAN’s North Sea Fleet. The decision to base them all together was likely for logistical reasons, as it would be easier to maintain five nuclear reactors at a single facility. It should also be pointed out that the basing decision was made at a time when China considered the Soviet Union a much more serious threat than the United States. Today, the Type 091 submarines are slowly being phased out. The first sub, 401, was decommissioned in 2000 and the second in 2004. In 2014, one paid a port call at Colombo, Sri Lanka. The following year, one Type 091 accompanied China’s rotation of ships posted to antipiracy duties off the Horn of Africa. The voyage from northern China to off the coast of Somalia is nearly eight thousand miles long, and may be the longest ever taken by a Chinese nuclear submarine. This suggests that, more than four decades after the ships were first built, the kinks in the design have been finally worked out and Type 091 class is now thoroughly reliable. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsEurope More stories by: Robert Beckhusen America's Next Secret Weapon (That Can Paralyze a City): Electromagnetic Pulse Artillery Shells Michael Peck January 14, 2017 TweetShareShare The Buzz In 1974, the People’s Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) accepted delivery of the country’s first nuclear-powered submarine. Long a cherished goal of Chairman Mao himself, the design was initially a disappointment. Despite their less than ideal performance, the Type 091 Han-class submarines will ultimately be remembered as Asia’s first indigenously produced nuclear attack submarines. According to historian Benjamin Lai, author of The Dragon’s Teeth, China first expressed interest in developing nuclear missile submarines as early as 1958. The project then stalled for several years, a period coinciding with the Great Leap Forward, but was revived in 1965. Beijing ultimately decided on a more pragmatic approach, building an attack submarine first and only then a missile submarine. The reasoning was that to produce an attack submarine, China would only need to master the reactor technology to be successful, while a nuclear ballistic missile submarine required mastery of the reactor, a missile and the underwater launch system. In many ways, this “walk before you run” strategy paralleled the American effort to build an SSBN as the Americans first built the Skipjack-class nuclear attack subs and then modified them into the missile-carrying George Washington class. The Chinese defense industry set to work, with designer Peng Shilu initially leading the effort. (Eventually his role would be taken over by Huang Xuhua, who later worked on the Type 092 ballistic missile submarine project.) Unlike the Americans, who built world-class submarines and were the first to utilize underwater nuclear propulsion, the Chinese were at a serious technological disadvantage. That was evident in what came to be known as the Type 091 class submarine.The submarines were produced at the Bohai Shipyards in Huludao. The keel for the first submarine, pennant number 401, was laid in 1968 and completed in 1974. Four more submarines followed, the last being completed in 1991. The slow production rate hints at serious engineering issues. The first submarine took seven years to complete. The second took three years to complete, while the last three each took only one year to complete. According to the authoritative Combat Fleets of the World, the subs early on were known within the PLAN as “sharks without teeth.” Overall, it took twenty-one years to complete just five submarines. The Type 091 class weighs 5,500 tons submerged. It has a length of approximately 321 feet and a beam of thirty-two feet. The boats feature a large sail reminiscent of the Soviet Type 636 Kilo-class submarines. The teardrop-style hull was an early effort to catch up to the States in submarine hull technology. In 2015, the now-defunct Want China Times reported that Huang Xuhua claimed he developed the Type 091 hull from two toy submarines imported from the United States and Hong Kong. While a nice story, it seems unlikely that Huang could have divined enough detail from a toy to bypass years of hydrodynamic research. The Type 091 subs are equipped with six standard diameter 533-millimeter torpedo tubes. They utilize the French Thomson-Sintra DUUX-5 passive sonars, equipment that was purchased before the post–Tiananmen Square arms embargo. The system can track up to three targets simultaneously. The Type 091 can also lay sea mines. One of the greatest, if not the greatest metric for a submarine is the ability to operate quietly and evade detection. The Type 091 has been described as a “relatively noisy submarine based on 1950s and 1960s technology.” Li Jie, a Beijing-based military expert, claimed that the Type 091s are “about 20 years behind US vessels,” and still posed a threat to U.S. carriers. Li also made the claim that during the 1996 Taiwan Strait crisis, two Type 091 submarines tracked the aircraft carriers USS Independence and USS Abraham Lincoln, “pushing the US carriers back 200 miles.” The five Type 091 submarines were originally all based with the PLAN’s North Sea Fleet. The decision to base them all together was likely for logistical reasons, as it would be easier to maintain five nuclear reactors at a single facility. It should also be pointed out that the basing decision was made at a time when China considered the Soviet Union a much more serious threat than the United States. Today, the Type 091 submarines are slowly being phased out. The first sub, 401, was decommissioned in 2000 and the second in 2004. In 2014, one paid a port call at Colombo, Sri Lanka. The following year, one Type 091 accompanied China’s rotation of ships posted to antipiracy duties off the Horn of Africa. The voyage from northern China to off the coast of Somalia is nearly eight thousand miles long, and may be the longest ever taken by a Chinese nuclear submarine. This suggests that, more than four decades after the ships were first built, the kinks in the design have been finally worked out and Type 091 class is now thoroughly reliable. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Michael Peck Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 next › last » Latest Issue January-February 2017 Trump Will Face a Cornucopia of Global Threats Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Interactive Missile Map Reveals How Messy a NATO-Russia War Would Be America's Next Secret Weapon (That Can Paralyze a City): Electromagnetic Pulse Artillery Shells Did Germany Make America and Russia's Nuclear Attack Submarines Obsolete? America's Stealth F-22 Raptor Dominates the Skies (But Does It Have a Secret Flaw?) Russia's First Nuclear Attack Submarine Was a Real Killer (Of Lots of Russian Sailors) China's First Nuclear Powered 'Boomer' Submarine Was a Total Disaster Russia's Scary S-400 Air Defense System Is Now Protecting the Skies Above Crimea Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Local news Hearing Thursday looks at Fairchild’s second chance to land new Air Force tanker MONDAY, JAN. 9, 2017, 3:40 P.M. Fairchild Air Force Base has lost out again in its bid to host the new generation of aerial refueling tankers, the KC-46A pictured here. (U.S. Air Force graphic) By Jim Camden jimc@spokesman.com(360) 664-2598 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS If you go The U.S. Air Force EIS scoping meeting for bringing a wing of new KC-46As to Fairchild is set for 5-8 p.m. Thursday at the Lincoln Center, 1316 N. Lincoln St. Financial impact sizable The local economic benefits of landing the new base is substantial: The impact statement for the first round of base selection estimated a $292 million boost to the Spokane economy from construction and additional personnel. Spokane’s second chance at convincing the Pentagon to send the nation’s new aerial tanker to Fairchild Air Force Base marks a major milestone Thursday evening when military experts come to town for a special hearing. The Air Force has scheduled an Environmental Impact Statement scoping meeting to estimate the costs and benefits of putting the new KC-46A tankers at Fairchild sometime after 2020, when the military will need a second active-duty home for the new planes. Fairchild, currently home to KC-135 tankers built in the 1950s and 1960s, was a finalist to be the base to get the first 36 Pegasus tankers being built by Boeing in Washington. It lost that competition in late 2013 when the final analysis concluded renovations needed to handle the new plane would cost less at McConnell Air Force Base, and the Kansas facility was closer to more bases with planes that need to be refueled. Last year, the Air Force announced Fairchild was on the short list for the second such facility, known as Main Operating Base 4. Also on the list are Dover Air Force Base in Delaware, Travis Air Force Base in California, Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota and Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in New Jersey. Grand Forks was also on the list as a possible first home for the KC-46A, but Fairchild scored higher in that competition. The Delaware base, which is the home to large transport planes, and the California and New Jersey bases, which are currently home to the KC-10 tankers the Air Force would like to retire, are new for this round of considerations. Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., one of the driving forces behind securing a new tanker for the Air Force, has also been a long-time advocate of putting the earliest ones to roll off the assembly line in Everett at Fairchild, the nation’s closest base to operations in the Pacific and Asia. “Between its location, infrastructure and community support, there’s no doubt to me that Fairchild is the best possible pick of the five potential sites,” Murray said Friday in a statement released by her staff. “But as I’ve expressed directly to the Secretary of the Air Force, I’m gravely concerned that this round of the process has been not only opaque but deeply flawed, and I am actively working in Congress to ensure we right this wrong.” Murray protested when the list of bases being considered for the second round of tankers was expanded to include those housing KC-10s. Those two bases are located in populous and politically influential New Jersey and California. In announcing the hearings, the Air Force said it would be studying “operational requirements, potential impacts to existing missions, housing, infrastructure and manpower.” The local economic benefits of landing the new base is substantial: The impact statement for the first round of base selection estimated a $292 million boost to the Spokane economy from construction and additional personnel. That means local, state and federal elected officials are actively lobbying the Pentagon to pick Fairchild in this second round. But so are their counterparts in areas around the other bases. Published: Jan. 9, 2017, 3:40 p.m.  Tags: air refueling tanker, Fairchild Air Force Base, KC-46A, Patty Murray, top news, U.S. Air Force Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
x Front Page News Topics Maui News Maui Business Maui Discussion Maui Arts & Entertainment Maui Food & Dining Maui Sports Maui Crime Statistics Maui Lifestyle Weather Obituaries Classified Ads Maui Now ‘Ohana Maui Surf Maui Now Video Maui Activities Maui Events Calendar Shopping Directory Maui Real Estate Maui Jobs Offers & Deals Maui Dining App Maui Activities App Weekly Specials Company About Maui Now Meet the Writers Contact Information Subscribe to Newsletter x HURRICANE TRACKER        x September 12, 2016 02:15pm Orlene Still Too Far Out to Forecast Impacts to Hawaiʻi Weather EXPAND RADAR Latest News Maui News Business Arts & Entertainment Food & Dining Discussion Real Estate Sports Crime Stats VIEW MORE MAUI NEWS Sections LATEST NEWS > Maui News > Business > Maui Discussion > Arts & Entertainment > Food & Dining > Local Sports > Maui Crime Statistics WEATHER OBITUARIES MAUI SURF MAUI ACTIVITIES SHOPPING DIRECTORY MAUI NOW 'OHANA VIDEOS JOB LISTINGS MAUI REAL ESTATE EVENTS CALENDAR Maui Dining App Maui Activities App Weekly Specials Videos View All Videos FEATURED SECTIONS: Obituaries Real Estate Aloha Stoked Classifieds Maui Activities Maui Now ‘Ohana   Maui News & Information Hub Maui Business View All AD ADVERTISEMENT Hawaiian Airlines Carries Record 11 Million Passengers in 2016 By Maui Now Posted January 9, 2017, 01:12 PM HST 3 Comments Text Size: A A A Text Size: A A A × Historic Hawaiian artifacts arrive aboard Hawaiian Airlines flight. Photo courtesy: Hawaiian Airlines. Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., a subsidiary of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., welcomed a record 11,050,911 passengers in 2016.  That’s a 3.5% increase over the previous year. Hawai’i’s largest and longest-serving airline today announced its system-wide traffic statistics for the month, quarter and full year ending December 2016. Airline officials say the record passenger count in 2016 marks 12 straight years of growth as the airline continues to expand its network and fleet. In July Hawaiian launched daily non-stop service between Narita and Honolulu international airports, and last month it inaugurated tri-weekly service between Haneda and Kona international airports. This past summer Hawaiian added one A330-200 aircraft (bringing the company’s A330 fleet to 23), and took delivery of two Boeing B717-200s in November and December for a total of 20 of the aircraft type. The company also operates eight Boeing 767s on transpacific routes and three turboprop ATR-42 through its interisland subsidiary, ‘Ohana by Hawaiian. ADVERTISEMENT The carrier recently unveiled several product investments to enhance the flight experience, including the debut of a new Premium Cabin featuring lie-flat seating and luxury amenities, additional Extra Comfort seating, and a first-class auction upgrade service called Bid Up. SYSTEM-WIDE OPERATIONS1 DECEMBER 2016 2015 % CHANGE PAX 927,521 904,647 2.5% RPMS (000) 1,336,613 1,243,733 7.5% ASMS (000) 1,589,264 1,508,217 5.4% LF 84.1% 82.5% 1.6 pts. QUARTER-TO-DATE 2016 2015 % CHANGE PAX 2,729,726 2,658,269 2.7% RPMS (000) 3,932,713 3,639,219 8.1% ASMS (000) 4,570,679 4,391,792 4.1% LF 86.0% 82.9% 3.2 pts. YEAR-TO-DATE 2016 2015 % CHANGE PAX 11,050,911 10,672,667 3.5% RPMS (000) 15,492,509 14,462,191 7.1% ASMS (000) 18,384,637 17,726,322 3.7% LF 84.3% 81.6% 2.7 pts. PAX Passengers transported RPM Revenue Passenger Miles; one paying passenger transported one mile ASM Available Seat Miles; one seat transported one mile LF Load Factor; percentage of seating capacity filled 1 Includes the operations of contract carriers under capacity purchase agreements. Fourth Quarter 2016 Guidance The Company expects to recognize a $5 million non-cash loss in non-operating expense from the translation of its foreign currency denominated bank accounts. In December, the Company announced its intention to early retire its fleet of Boeing 767 aircraft by the end of 2018 resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $45 – $50 million. In addition, the Company completed an agreement with a third-party maintenance vendor for its Boeing 767 aircraft and expects to record an additional financial charge of approximately $21 million. > NEXT STORY Matson Gifts $100,000 to Help Displaced Maui Sugar Workers < PREVIOUS STORY Senator Schatz Elevated to Chief Deputy Whip ADVERTISEMENT Recommend this Article You Might Also Like Hawaiian Airlines Flies Record Number of Passengers in 2015 Hawaiian Airline Most Punctual in US in April Hawaiian Airlines Ranked Most Punctual U.S. Airline for September Weekly Newsletter + SHOW ARTICLE COMMENTS ( 3 ) + TAGS: Hawaii BusinessHawaiianHawaiian AirHawaiian Airlineshawaiian airlines passengersMaui BusinessMaui NewsMaui Now AD AD AD AD AD AD Things to Do in Maui Top Affordable Maui Restaurants & Dining What To Do in South Maui Best Maui Beaches, from Hana to Honolua Bay Soar Above Maui with These 5 Unforgettable Activities Quick Links Front Page Maui News Maui Business Maui Arts & Entertainment Maui Food & Dining Maui Sports Maui Now ‘Ohana Maui Discussion Crime Statistics Maui Activities Maui Jobs Maui Sports Maui Surf Real Estate Weather Events Calendar Company Info About Maui Now Sign Up for Text Alerts Contact Information Advertise With Us Subscribe to Our Newsletter Copyright © 2017 Maui Now. All Rights Reserved ^
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Flight Paths M55’s PACCAR is a Washington-made legend Mon Jan 9th, 2017 1:05pm Life You must sign in or register to continue reading content. The Flying Heritage Collection’s M55 self-propelled gun is a local hero of sorts. The machine was built by Pacific Car and Foundry Company (PACCAR), right here in Washington State. The company began by making logging equipment and railroad cars in West Seattle in 1905. During World War II, PACCAR grew substantially, supplying metal for ships, bridges, buildings, highways, and even for Boeing-built B-17 bombers. Familiarity with trucks and heavy steel made PACCAR a great candidate to make tanks. They built around 900 M4A1 Sherman tanks during the war and supplied parts for many more. The Flying Heritage Collection’s Sherman tank, built in Chicago, contains a few components cast with the “circle P” of PACCAR. The company also made two 95-ton T28 super heavy tanks. By Korea, PACCAR was a prime military contractor, building both M53 and M55 self-propelled guns, including the FHC’s M55. PACCAR is still around today, of course. It is one of the world’s largest manufacturers of heavy and medium duty trucks including both Kenworth and Peterbilt. Cory Graff is the military aviation curator at Flying Heritage Collection. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, January 16, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Filmfare Awards 2017: ‘Dangal’, Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt bag top honors Alleged mastermind of Kardashian heist charged in Paris Local Bazaar Returns To Help Center Jeddah Explore The Royal Opera House Muscat   Book Review: Public Governance and Strategic Management Capabilities: AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Alsalam Aircraft Company changes to ‘Alsalam Aerospace Industries’ Business Alsalam Aircraft Company changes to ‘Alsalam Aerospace Industries’ Jan 10, 2017 360 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Yahya Al-Ghoraibi ALSALAM Aircraft Company, the leading aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul company in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, has changed its identity to «Alsalam Aerospace Industries». This change is part of an integrated and holistic program in which the company has launched in line with its technical advancements in the aerospace industry. Alsalam has progressed from its core capabilities of the maintenance, repair modification and upgrade of aircraft to the assembly of military aircraft and the manufacture of major military components. Alsalam Aerospace Industries was established in 1988 under the Saudi Economic Offset Program to develop the aviation industry in the Kingdom and establish self-sufficiency in commercial and military aircraft maintenance, repair, modification and upgrade. With Allah’s blessing, the steadfast support of the Ministry of Defense, and the Royal Saudi Air Force, Alsalam has developed its technical and non-technical capabilities and established itself as a regional leader and the Kingdom’s premier provider of aerospace products and services for military and commercial aircraft. Alsalam has deep and long lasting relations with the Saudi Armed Forces and in particular the Royal Saudi Air Force, other defense and security services and strategic manufacturing partners headed by The Boeing Company To celebrate this key milestone in Alsalam›s history, the Chairman of Alsalam Aerospace Industries Ibrahim Bin Ali Bin Musallam, has announced that «the decision to change the company›s name followed extending our technical capabilities to include aircraft assembly and manufacturing … the first product of our new advanced capabilities, the conversion of an RSAF F‑15S to F‑15SA configuration using F-15SA wing assemblies and forward fuselages manufactured by Alsalam, has been completed at our facilities in Riyadh, making Saudi Arabia only one of two countries outside the US with this capability. This is not only a tremendous boost to the company›s confidence but also completely aligns Alsalam with the rapid development of our beloved country and the Kingdom›s vision under Saudi Arabia Vision 2030. Bin Musallam added «this phase is a defining and turning point in Alsalam›s progress and a paradigm shift in the aircraft industry in the Kingdom. It makes us incredibly proud and gives us great confidence in the capabilities of our national talent, especially our technicians and engineers, who are integral to developing the company›s capabilities. He further said «on behalf of our Board of Directors and executive management, I would like to thank the Custodian of the two Holy Mosques (King Salman), for the good governance that has provided outstanding support for the development of national capabilities that led us to delivering excellence.» The President and Chief Executive Officer of Alsalam Aerospace Industries Yahya Bin Hamoud Al Ghoraibi said changing the company name, introducing the new corporate brand identity and transforming the company to include manufacturing reflects our continuous efforts to develop the aircraft industry in the Kingdom. He emphasized that «In our pursuit of good governance, we will not stop with just the change in our company name, we will take advantage of every opportunity to increase our abilities, review our internal policies and processes, and strengthen our relationships with our strategic partners. Moreover; most of all we will develop our national talent base and attract young Saudi who have ambition and relevant skill sets. We will train, develop, and qualify them to contribute not only to Alsalam›s diverse activities but to ensure progress in our sector and our contribution to our beloved country. Al Ghoraibi also lauded the long and solid partnership and support Alsalam Aerospace Industries has received from the Ministry of Defense and the Royal Saudi Air Force who believe in the importance of developing national capabilities. SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS Alsalam Aerospace Industries Riyadh Saudi Arabia SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleCavs hang on to beat Suns Next articleQatar Airways unveils its biggest travel festival ever Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Airbus strengthens community involvement in Saudi Arabia Noon puts fashion centerstage to dominate ME e-commerce sector Falih optimistic about oil market stabilization NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,530,997FansLike 41,946FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Salman decorates Felipe VI of Spain with King Abdul Aziz Medal Jan 16, 2017 More efforts pledged to defeat Daesh Jan 16, 2017 Thousands of housing units for Saudi citizens Jan 16, 2017 Bahrain’s PM receives chairman and members of Arab Gulf Journalists’ Union Jan 16, 2017 Over 1,400 Saudis left govt jobs last year Jan 16, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out06:07 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Two Dozen Apache Choppers En Route To Seoul Over Growing Threats from Pyongyang © Flickr/ Gonzalo Alonso Asia & Pacific 23:40 09.01.2017(updated 03:54 10.01.2017) Get short URL 124568314 A US battalion of two dozen AH-64D Apache heavy attack choppers and 360 US troops will replace a division of 30 observation and light arms helicopters currently in service at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. "The rotational deployment of Apache helicopters is a demonstration of strong US will in implementing its security commitments," US Army Col. Rob Manning said recently. The move is expected to "significantly strengthen" military capabilities aimed at deterring North Korea’s leaders from maliciously launching an intercontinental ballistic missile, the colonel added. The fleet of Apaches expands the capabilities of the United States Forces Korea to include eliminating ground vehicle targets, hovercraft, and special operations units in North Korea, according to Kim Sung-min, a South Korean defense ministry official. The Boeing-manufactured Apaches usually pack a mix of air-to-surface "fire and forget" Hellfire missiles and Hydra 70 rocket pods. Pyongyang attempted to stir the pot Sunday when North Korea’s foreign ministry department stated "the US is wholly to blame" for the development of its missiles. Pentagon Defense Secretary Ashton Carter noted that the US would neutralize any missiles launched from North Korea directed at the US or an ally. Carter labeled Pyongyang a "serious threat" during an interview Sunday on Meet The Press. © Sputnik/ Michael Klimentyev Japan Held Secret Meeting with North Korean Officials in China While 2017 brought a chorus of excited vows from those around the globe to eat healthier, exercise more, or be kinder, North Korean leader Kim Jung-un, took the New Year as an opportunity to tell the world his country was close to completing development of a long-range nuke. A spokesman for the DPRK promised that ICBMS may be fired "anytime and anywhere" as the "supreme" headquarters of the DPRK sees fit. Incoming US President Donald Trump made clear on January 2 that any threats posed by Pyongyang would be quelled. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017 ​ ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 314 Related: China Seriously Concerned Over Escalation Between North Korea, US South Korea, US to Hold Talks on Nuclear Deterrence Against North Korea Top US Diplomat Travels to Seoul to Discuss Human Rights in North Korea US, Japan Push to Fortify Alliances Amid Threat Posed by North Korea ‘Peace Treaty’ on the Horizon? North Korea, Ex-US Officials Huddle in Malaysia Tags: Apache, Pentagon, DPRK, Ashton Carter, Pyongyang, Seoul TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Tolerance 01:31 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Thousands of American tanks move to Europe because of the growing threat of Russia. Dozens of American Apaches helicopters move to South Korea because of North Korean threat. Big contracts and plenty of money for the suppliers of the tanks and helicopters. Big kickbacks for the American senators and representatives who voted for these contract. Big loss of money for the poor American working class who have to pay taxes to pay for these contracts. Reply Jeffrey Spinner 01:53 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete @Tolerance, don't forget the 1,000 train car load of tanks, apcs and humvees to Poland landing from 3 US transport ships. What could go wrong? Either way, I didn't know that apaches hellfires could stop ICBMs. That must be a secret weapon we don't know about. More trying to kick off a war, cause obama and the bull girls don't want to leave. Reply hp b 03:26 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete They should last an hour or maybe two.. Reply goldcamshaft 06:23 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Impeachment was endowed upon South Korea by the powerful ally so that they can accelerate the placement of the THAAD system. Justification is in order, O america!Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 27987 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13930 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11736 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9389 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7946All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 55All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market By Published: Jan 9, 2017 3:08 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The future of the global aerospace control surface market looks good with opportunities in commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft segments. The aerospace control surface market is expected to reach an estimated $4.3 billion by 2021 at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2021. The major growth drivers of this market are increasing demand for commercial aircraft and the launch of several new aircraft including the Comac C919, Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ), and Sukhoi Super Jet 100. On the basis of comprehensive research, Lucintel predicts that the demand for spoilers will show the highest growth in the forecast period. A total of 60 figures / charts and 27 tables are provided in this 118-page report to help in your business decisions. To learn the scope of, benefits, companies researched and other details of this report, ask for the report brochure. The study includes a forecast for the growth opportunities in the global aerospace control surface market by product type, aircraft type, control surface type, material type, and region, as follows: By Control Surface Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface By Aircraft Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft By Product Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Flaps - Slats - Spoilers - Ailerons - Elevators - Rudder By Material (Value $ million for 2015): - Composite - Aluminum - Others By Region (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - North America - Europe - Asia Pacific - Rest of World Some of the key players of the aerospace control surface market are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace. Lucintel's report suggests mergers and acquisitions as players in this market are joining to broaden product portfolios and gain market share. Within the global aerospace control surface market, the commercial aircraft segment is expected to remain the largest market as commercial aircraft has highest number of control surfaces. North America is expected to remain the largest region due to presence of aircraft manufactures and aircraft component manufactures that create the largest customer base for aerospace control surface market. This report answers the following key questions: Q.1 What are some of the most promising, high-growth opportunities for the global aerospace control surface market by control surface type (primary control surface and secondary control surface), aircraft type (commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft), by product type (flaps, slats, spoilers, elevators, ailerons, and rudder), by material (composite, aluminum, and others) and by region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World)? Q.2 Which segments will grow at a faster pace and why? Q.3 Which region will grow at a faster pace and why? Q.4 What are the key factors affecting market dynamics? What are the drivers and challenges in this market? Q.5 What are the business risks and threats of this market? Q.6 What are some changing demands of customers in the market? Q.7 What are the new developments in the market? Which companies are leading these developments? Q.8 Who are the major players in this market? What strategic initiatives are being implemented by key players for business growth? Q.9 How is the competitive rivalry and threat of substitution in this market? Q.10 What M&A activity has occurred in the last 5 years? Methodology Lucintel has been in the business of market research and management consulting since 2000 and has published over 600 market intelligence reports in various markets / applications and served over 1,000 clients worldwide. This study is a culmination of four months of full-time effort performed by Lucintel's analyst team. The analysts used the following sources for the creation and completion of this valuable report: - In-depth interviews of the major players in this market - Detailed secondary research from competitors' financial statements and published data - Extensive searches of published works, market, and database information pertaining to industry news, company press releases, and customer intentions - A compilation of the experiences, judgments, and insights of Lucintel's professionals, who have analyzed and tracked this market over the years. Extensive research and interviews are conducted in the supply chain of this market to estimate market share, market size, trends, drivers, challenges, and forecasts in the market. Some of the raw material suppliers in global aerospace control surface market are Hexcel, Cytec, Toray, Alcoa, and others. Some of the aerospace control surface manufacturers in this market are Sprit Aerosystem, Boeing Aero structure Australia, Triumph Aerostructure, and others. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04598068-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/growth-opportunities-in-the-global-aerospace-control-surface-market-300388001.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market News provided by Reportlinker Jan 09, 2017, 15:08 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The future of the global aerospace control surface market looks good with opportunities in commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft segments. The aerospace control surface market is expected to reach an estimated $4.3 billion by 2021 at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2021. The major growth drivers of this market are increasing demand for commercial aircraft and the launch of several new aircraft including the Comac C919, Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ), and Sukhoi Super Jet 100. On the basis of comprehensive research, Lucintel predicts that the demand for spoilers will show the highest growth in the forecast period. A total of 60 figures / charts and 27 tables are provided in this 118-page report to help in your business decisions. To learn the scope of, benefits, companies researched and other details of this report, ask for the report brochure. The study includes a forecast for the growth opportunities in the global aerospace control surface market by product type, aircraft type, control surface type, material type, and region, as follows: By Control Surface Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface By Aircraft Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft By Product Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Flaps - Slats - Spoilers - Ailerons - Elevators - Rudder By Material (Value $ million for 2015): - Composite - Aluminum - Others By Region (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - North America - Europe - Asia Pacific - Rest of World Some of the key players of the aerospace control surface market are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace. Lucintel's report suggests mergers and acquisitions as players in this market are joining to broaden product portfolios and gain market share. Within the global aerospace control surface market, the commercial aircraft segment is expected to remain the largest market as commercial aircraft has highest number of control surfaces. North America is expected to remain the largest region due to presence of aircraft manufactures and aircraft component manufactures that create the largest customer base for aerospace control surface market. This report answers the following key questions: Q.1 What are some of the most promising, high-growth opportunities for the global aerospace control surface market by control surface type (primary control surface and secondary control surface), aircraft type (commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft), by product type (flaps, slats, spoilers, elevators, ailerons, and rudder), by material (composite, aluminum, and others) and by region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World)? Q.2 Which segments will grow at a faster pace and why? Q.3 Which region will grow at a faster pace and why? Q.4 What are the key factors affecting market dynamics? What are the drivers and challenges in this market? Q.5 What are the business risks and threats of this market? Q.6 What are some changing demands of customers in the market? Q.7 What are the new developments in the market? Which companies are leading these developments? Q.8 Who are the major players in this market? What strategic initiatives are being implemented by key players for business growth? Q.9 How is the competitive rivalry and threat of substitution in this market? Q.10 What M&A activity has occurred in the last 5 years? Methodology Lucintel has been in the business of market research and management consulting since 2000 and has published over 600 market intelligence reports in various markets / applications and served over 1,000 clients worldwide. This study is a culmination of four months of full-time effort performed by Lucintel's analyst team. The analysts used the following sources for the creation and completion of this valuable report: - In-depth interviews of the major players in this market - Detailed secondary research from competitors' financial statements and published data - Extensive searches of published works, market, and database information pertaining to industry news, company press releases, and customer intentions - A compilation of the experiences, judgments, and insights of Lucintel's professionals, who have analyzed and tracked this market over the years. Extensive research and interviews are conducted in the supply chain of this market to estimate market share, market size, trends, drivers, challenges, and forecasts in the market. Some of the raw material suppliers in global aerospace control surface market are Hexcel, Cytec, Toray, Alcoa, and others. Some of the aerospace control surface manufacturers in this market are Sprit Aerosystem, Boeing Aero structure Australia, Triumph Aerostructure, and others. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04598068-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/growth-opportunities-in-the-global-aerospace-control-surface-market-300388001.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 09, 2017, 15:11 ET Preview: Growth Opportunities in the Global Aluminum Door and Window Market Jan 09, 2017, 15:04 ET Preview: Growth Opportunities in the Global Mineral Fiber Ceiling Market My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market News provided by Reportlinker Jan 09, 2017, 15:08 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out06:07 GMT +316 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Putting Out Fires: F-35 Blaze Caused by Fuel Around the Tailpipe © Flickr/ Samuel King Jr Military & Intelligence 22:02 09.01.2017(updated 03:16 10.01.2017) Get short URL 505874442 The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program is the most expensive weapons program in US military history, and now another technical issue has been identified leading the jet to catch fire prior to a training mission near Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho. "[Investigators] are calling it a tailpipe fire," Brig. Gen Scott Pleus, director of the F-35 integration program at the Air Force, said regarding a September, 2016, F-35 fire. Fuel collected near the back of the airplane and ignited before the plane took off, he noted. Engine mishaps and faulty cooling wires are just two in a long list of woes for the F-35, but the latest problems indicate an entirely new defect, unrelated to the aircraft’s previous failures. The saga of F-35 technicians putting out one fire after another carries on, almost as if by tradition.   An F-35 fire in October 2016 led US military services to indefinitely ground over a dozen of the fighter jets. The faulty coolant system that caused the October incident, was, Pleus noted, a matter of human error. "They put the wrong insulation in," Pleus added, referring to the subcontractor tasked with the installation, whose name has has not been disclosed by military officials. Nevertheless, it’s hard not to be shocked that a simple loose bracket could lead to potential fire damage of the jets, which generate around $100 million in revenue apiece for the publicly-traded, defense multinational corporation Lockheed Martin. © Flickr/ Airman Magazine CEO Tells Trump Lockheed Martin Committed to Cut Cost of F-35 Program The $1.45 trillion projected to be spent over the lifecycle of the F-35 has been hailed as an upgrade over the F-16, as one of just two operational fifth-generation fighters, alongside the F-22 Raptor. But the program, which has received more funding than the US development of the atomic bomb, has no shortage of critics. In 11 days, President-elect Donald Trump will be sworn in, ushering in a new era of how the US buys weapons, planes, and much more. Harnessing Twitter, Trump’s tweet disparaging Boeing over "out of control" costs to build a 747 airliner to be fitted for service as a new Air Force One sent the company’s stock plummeting almost five percent, before rebounding later that day. Trump, a self-branded "dealmaker," met with top executives of Boeing and Lockheed Martin at his Florida estate, Mar-a-Lago, just days before Christmas. "It’s a dance, you know," Trump told reporters in between meetings. While he did not commit to any concrete results, he did say that F-35 costs will be lowered and that "we’re going to do it beautifully."  © AP Photo/ Paul Beaty Boeing CEO Promises Trump Air Force One Will Be Less Than $4B Trump, alongside almost every US lawmaker, has complained about the cost of the F-35 program. Following meetings with Boeing and Lockheed executives, Trump stated that he would request that Boeing produce a proposal for a "comparable" F/A-18 Super Hornet due to “the tremendous cost and cost overruns” associated with the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Trump’s tweet seems to align with a strategy detailed by the Congressional Budget Office recommending that adding high-tech versions of older F-16s and F/A-18s could reduce costs 29 percent over the next ten years.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 442 Related: Air Force Secretary: No Substitute for F-35 Obama Military Managers Still Confident in F-35 Combat Jet - Pentagon Spokesman 'Dumbest Fighter Program Ever Conceived': Why Trump Should Cancel F-35 Lockheed Martin Awarded $450Mln to Produce F-35 Combat Jets for South Korea CEO Tells Trump Lockheed Martin Committed to Cut Cost of F-35 Program Tags: F-35 II Joint Strike Fighter Program, Pentagon, Lockheed Martin, Donald Trump, Scott Pleus, Idaho TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply jas 22:39 09.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Trump's going after that piece of junk after he gets in. Good. Reply michael 22:40 09.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete and then there's the peace and quiet of the trolls resting when yet another 'accident' occurs... Reply Mitach2002 22:56 09.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete Lol. Flying coffin. Hope the terrorist American government buys thousands of them. Reply Jeffrey Spinner 00:00 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete First, TY for showing the REAL price of these flying bricks at almost $1,500,000,000,000. Second, Trump will cut the cost of the plane, but it'll be as useful as the F22...useless. Reply Capt'nSkippy !!! 00:12 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete They could be real useful for kamikaze or suicide missions?!! Reply Jackov 00:47 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete More $ for F35=less $ for wars :) Reply jande.jande 01:51 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete flying bathtub. Reply drblackin reply tojande.jande(Show commentHide comment) 02:34 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete jande.jande, :) www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VzBdeZrnN0 Reply ivanwa88 05:11 10.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete F-35 as the latest promo video from manufacturer details is a target acquisition command and fire centre it can both identify targets and collect and coordinate targets identified by other sources in a fire control area link with Aegis firing station within range and relay data with instructions to fire. In other words it does the job of a special forces target acquisition party behind enemy lines hence the requirement for stealth features. Of course it does a lot more than a target spotter can do! its real persona is as a joint power house for smaller nations who can act as though they are a super power. With this knowledge it connects with Obama's aggressive stance to place Aegis in Poland and Romania and heavily provoke around Russian and Iranian waters as the system is powerless if Aegis stations and ships are not within striking range. The other major flaw of the plane is that its stealth has been countered by advanced radar planes and missiles developed whilst the F-35 was delayed nearly a decade making it effectively a 'lame duck' to any advanced nation with Russian standards in Radar and missiles not withstanding it needs extensive escort by fighters to protect the plane which means stealth which is an absolute requirement for operational success is non-existent. It would be a absolute BS sham to continue with the plane it is a Dodo a dinosaur only good to attack third world countries. Reply peaceactivist2 06:36 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete A hammer cost $200 dollars, a toilet seat cost $1,000, etc. Reply FUTURE 16:36 10.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete So in about a year we can all look back on these post and lol! The F-35 will dominate the skies of the 21st centuryShow new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:50Japanese Ship Crew Caught Red-Handed Slaughtering Minke Whale 05:41Turkish Cargo Plane Crashes Near Bishkek 04:53Syria’s Tomorrow Hopes Astana Talks to Lead to Political Settlement of Crisis 04:31Chinese Museum Demands Return of Sculptures From US University Collection 03:56US Churches Prepare to Become Sanctuaries If Trump Keeps Deportation PromisesAll news Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 27987 Daesh Terrorists Destroy Myth of Germany's Indestructible Leopard 2 Tank 13930 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 11736 US Navy’s ‘Night Hunter’ Drone Ship to Stalk Russian Subs 9390 Don't Even Try It: Crimea Protected by Russia's Newest Missile Defense System 7946All news 'Kosovo is Serbian,' New Train from Belgrade to North Kosovo Announces 86 Ottawa's New Foreign Minister is 'Catastrophe for Canadian-Russian Relations' 75 Russian Post Sends Melania Trump Unusual Parcel 73 The CIA Has Spoken: Fate of US Democracy in the Hands of Just One Russian Woman! 70 Canadian FM Freeland 'Will Be Talking to Herself' With Her Anti-Russia Policy 55All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Somewhere Over the Clouds: A View of Moscow From Above All TV Must Be RT Countries the US Bombed in 2016 News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Trump and Twitter wars: Companies won't play nice for long, expert says | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump Ice cream Conservative leadership Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Why Trump is 'the main enterprise risk' facing business in 2017 Meredith MacLeod, CTVNews.ca Published Monday, January 9, 2017 9:33AM EST Twitter-prone U.S. president-elect Donald Trump is a primary risk facing businesses in 2017 and they will soon start firing back, says a Washington-based crisis communications expert. "Your first and primary goal is to preserve share value, protect the stockholders,” Richard Levick, chairman and CEO Levick Communications told CTV’s Your Morning on Monday. “And that’s why you see so many companies genuflecting early, that is, coming to the president(-elect) on bended knee, giving him the easy victory lap. Later in time is when you stand your ground, but for now, give him the easy victory lap.” Trump, known for late-night emotional and aggressive tweets to his more than 6 million followers, is “the main enterprise risk” facing business in 2017, says Levick. Publicly traded companies need to burn any standard crisis handbook because this is unprecedented. “The best you can do is use your peace time wisely. What we’re seeing here, and this is remarkable, the president-elect has the ability to impact stock with the single use of two thumbs. He really has extraordinary powers and companies have to anticipate that now.” Levick advises corporations, countries and institutions around the world and has spearheaded some huge communications campaigns, including Guantanamo Bay, the Catholic Church, the Wall Street crisis, and the Gulf oil spill. He says companies have to be prepared to find themselves in Trump’s crosshairs because, in today’s digital landscape, they might only have moments to respond. The president-elect’s early-morning negative tweets have targeted about half a dozen companies -- including Boeing, General Motors, Toyota and air conditioner maker Carrier – and in some cases, sent stock prices plummeting. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Levick says a defensive plan would include clearly planning a social media message, identifying allies (in the case of both GM and Carrier, union leaders played significant roles as communicators defending jobs) and assembling pictures and videos that add emotive support to a response. Appealing to emotions is critical, he says. “We now exist in this post-truth and highly disruptive era and companies have to anticipate that, in fact, they are going to be dealing with a president who does not seem to be very concerned about the facts.” Levick expects to see consumer-oriented companies, such as those in technology, calculate that, at some point in the near future, it will be better to go on the offense against Trump’s White House. A few will lead and others will follow suit. “When a business-to-consumer company starts to go back at the president, starts to stand up for their position, then it’s no longer going to be smart to kowtow, to genuflect.” During the presidential campaign, Trump criticized Ford Motor Co., claiming that it was planning to “fire all their employees in the United States” and move the jobs to Mexico. The company’s CEO Mark Fields responded that the allegation was incorrect and “it’s really unfortunate when politics get in the way of the facts.” But, since Trump won the presidency, Ford has taken a less confrontational approach. And on Jan. 3, it announced it was shelving a $1.6-billion expansion in Mexico in favour of creating new jobs in Michigan. That same day, Trump turned his sights on General Motors, attacking its production of its compact Chevrolet Cruze. GM’s stock immediately fell by $2.   General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 3, 2017 Boeing’s shares lost almost 1 per cent a few hours after Trump tweeted that a new 747 Air Force One for future presidents would cost more than $4 billion. Boeing responded that it was involved only in a $170-million early development phase and the Air Force clarified that $3.2 billion had been budgeted for two planes.   Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 Military contractor Lockheed Martin’s shares fell more than 5 per cent after Trump said Dec. 12 that the cost of the F-35 fighter jet program is “out of control.” Related Stories Ford cancels plan to build new Mexican plant, adds U.S. jobs Toyota stock dip after Trump tweet on planned Mexico plant Lockheed falls as Trump tweets that F-35 program is costly Photos U.S. president-elect Donald Trump is a prime business risk in 2017 but companies will soon start firing back against his Twitter attacks, says Washington-based communications expert Richard Levick. Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Ottawa: Stand-off between cyclist and driver Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV London: Fatal buggy crash Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'Unprecedented' controversy Air Date: January 15, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Parti Quebecois leader supports a 'Buy Quebecois Act' Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says Two Canadian billionaires are as rich as nearly 1/3 of Canada: report U.K. will adapt if barred from EU market, treasury chief says More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep Sponsored Expecting? 4 stress-free budgeting tips for the expanding family BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Stan Wong discusses BCE _ WATCH: Stan Wong's Top Picks _ WATCH: Stan Wong discusses Pfizer _ WATCH: Stan Wong discusses Alphabet Inc CTV News Video Network false Caught on cam: Dispute between cyclist, driver in Ottawa CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Ont. family claims to have found 8 Advil pills in sealed ice cream carton 1 2 Senate seats for sale? O'Leary says he'd consider it 1 3 U.S. teen abducted as a newborn meets birth parents 4 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over Russia 6 5 Two Canadian billionaires are as rich as nearly 1/3 of Canada: report 6 #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness 1 7 Vancouver man turns U-Haul storage locker into home 1 8 Foreigners likely tried to influence Canada’s election: ex-CSIS head 1 9 'It's a tinderbox': Assaults soar at 'stark, severe' throwback jail in N.L. 10 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend 3 Don't Miss false Local fame: Meet the Ont. boy who's play made it on Fallon false Seniors share stores of love and marriage to today's youth false Looking for a sign: Collecting Montreal's iconic letters You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Ont. family claims to have found 8 Advil pills in sealed ice cream carton Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Ottawa police say no charges laid following altercation between cyclist, driver WORLD Officials: Unfilled border tunnels in Mexico a security risk Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Trump praises Brexit and predicts EU's demise, slams NATO ENTERTAINMENT 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Prince Charles co-authors a book on climate change The last 'Greatest Show on Earth': Are circuses doomed? HEALTH Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say Superheroes could magnify aggressive behaviours in children: study #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness POLITICS Ukraine seeks 'clarity' from Canada on continuation of military mission O'Leary shows off his French lessons, promises proficiency by 2019 Jason Kenney challenged on unity plan by fellow Alberta PC leader candidates SCI-TECH Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study BUSINESS Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Parti Quebecois leader supports a 'Buy Quebecois Act' Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says AUTOS F1 great Stirling Moss, 87, in hospital with chest infection Rolls-Royce sets a record for bespoke commissions Driver caught on radar at 110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills. Ont.: police SPORTS Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open Canada's Marielle Thompson golden in World Cup Lifestyle What are the odds? Mom, dad, son all share a birthday 'More savoury than fruity': Volcanic wines are the hot new wine trend Toronto brings design to the streets with TO DO festival CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Ukraine calls on Canada to outline military Grounded tanker freed from Nova Scotia coast Central U.S. hit with second day of ice storms In Pictures   Skygazers treated to full moon, pink skies over B.C. North American International Auto Show Golden Globes red carpet fashion Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us The Man Who Became Donald Trump How Cruz and Trump learned to like each other Pro-Trump TV Network Has Big-League Dreams Democrats plot their D.C. departures for Trump inauguration Trump rips John Lewis as Democrats boycott inauguration Red-state Democrats turn against Sessions for AG Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Senate kicks off Trump Cabinet hearings this week By Connor O’Brien and Jeremy Herb 01/09/17 08:32 AM EST With Zach Montellaro, Gregory Hellman and Ellen Mitchell DRIVING THE WEEK — SENATE KICKS OFF CONFIRMATION HEARINGS FOR TRUMP PICKS: Senate committees launch a marathon of confirmation hearings this week for President-elect Donald Trump’s Cabinet choices. Chief among them in the national security arena is the Senate Armed Services hearing for retired Marine Gen. James Mattis to be Defense secretary, set for Thursday morning. Story Continued Below The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee is also scheduled to hold a hearing Tuesday afternoon for retired Marine Gen. John Kelly to be secretary of Homeland Security. The president-elect has yet to select a Veterans Affairs secretary — despite making overhauling the department a cornerstone of his presidential campaign — after several candidates backed out. WHAT TO WATCH FOR WITH MATTIS: Trump’s pick for Defense secretary may be a favorite of Senate Democrats, but that doesn’t mean they won’t take a hard run at him during his confirmation hearing. The Washington Post report Friday detailing divisions between Mattis’ and Trump’s team over Pentagon personnel will only add fuel to the Democratic desire to highlight as many differences as possible between Mattis and the president-elect. And Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) may well join in, too, with questions about the increasing tense U.S. relations with Russia. Mattis can expect to be pressed on a wide array of issues, from Trump’s comments on Russia to the fight against the Islamic State to the president-elect’s slamming defense contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing on Twitter. Also look for plenty of parochial questions — think nukes from Nebraska and subs from Connecticut — along with issues like military sexual assault from Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.). Here’s what the Pro Defense team will be watching for: JEREMY HERB: Mattis has previously expressed concerns about the threat from Russia and President Vladimir Putin, but just how far will he be willing to go to distance himself from Trump’s comments on both the U.S. intelligence findings and Trump’s desire to improve relations? CONNOR O’BRIEN: Multiple Democrats in the House and Senate have already said they won’t vote for a waiver to allow Mattis, who’s only been out of uniform only three of the required seven years, to serve as Defense secretary. To what extent will civilian-military relations be a concern for the senators charged with confirming Mattis? ELLEN MITCHELL: I’ll be closely watching Mattis’ comments on the defense industry, particularly how he plans to work with companies on future contracts, and any response to Trump's criticism of the costs for the F-35 and new Air Force One. GREGORY HELLMAN: I’ll be watching Mattis’ answers on the need to articulate a new strategy to address the conflicts in Iraq and Syria, including whether he’d recommend additional ground troops to counter the Islamic State or increase support for Syrian rebels fighting the Assad regime. MATTIS DISCLOSES DEFENSE INDUSTRY WORK, we have the story with Jeremy: "President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for secretary of defense, retired Gen. James Mattis, is worth as much as $10 million, according to a financial disclosure filed with the Office of Government Ethics — a good chunk of it earned in the past three years from his work with defense giant General Dynamics and other companies. “Mattis’ financial disclosure, posted publicly on Sunday, shows he has between $3.5 million and $10 million, with much of the assets in mutual funds and bank accounts. That also includes between $600,000 and $1.25 million in stock and options in General Dynamics, where he currently serves as a member of the board of directors." Mattis agreed to divest his GD stock and recuse himself for one year on issues involving the defense contractor, according to an ethics agreement also released over the weekend. The two-page legal agreement also states that, if confirmed, Mattis will step down from the board of GD as well as from his post at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University. Our full story with Jeremy on the agreement is here. MATTIS URGED IRAN STRIKE OVER U.S. TROOP DEATHS IN IRAQ, report Greg Jaffe and Adam Entous of The Washington Post: "The Iranian-supplied rockets were raining down on Gen. James N. Mattis’s troops throughout the spring and summer of 2011 with greater and greater intensity...Mattis, the top American commander in the Middle East, was determined to send a clear message to Tehran to stop it. His proposal, crafted with the support of the ambassador and the senior American commander in Iraq, was to hit back inside Iran, said current and former senior U.S. officials, who took part in the debate. "One option was a dead-of-night U.S. strike against an Iranian power plant or oil refinery, said the officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive operations...Mattis’s proposals quickly reached the White House, which had a different view of how to curb Iran’s increasingly aggressive behavior." THE HOMETOWN BEAT — MATTIS ALWAYS COMES HOME TO RICHLAND, The Seattle Times profiles Mattis' strong ties to the small town in Washington state where he grew up: "James Mattis, the retired Marine Corps general President-elect Donald Trump plans to nominate for defense secretary, came of age in a cloistered community created by the federal government at the dawn of the nuclear age." "In a storied Marine career, he emerged as a keen student of history known for compassion and respect for those he commanded, impatience with bureaucracy and a relentless determination to pursue enemy forces in Afghanistan and Iraq. All the while, Mattis has returned home again and again. In recent years, he has spent most of his time at Stanford’s Hoover Institution, a conservative think tank in California. But he still lists a modest wood-frame Richland house, built by the government for Hanford workers, as his residence. He serves on the board of a food bank, stops by the VFW, and in November reported for jury duty on a gross-misdemeanor case." HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re brewing an extra pot of coffee to start the busy week on Capitol Hill. As always, send your tips, pitches and predictions for the new season of The Bachelor to cobrien@politico.com, and follow along on Twitter @connorobrienNH and @morningdefense. ALSO THIS WEEK — SASC HEARING ON CIVIL-MILITARY RELATIONS: Ahead of a confirmation hearing and a markup of a waiver for Mattis, Senate Armed Services is set to hold a hearing Tuesday on civilian control of the military to hear expert testimony from Eliot Cohen of Johns Hopkins School Of Advanced International Studies and Kathleen Hicks of the Center For Strategic And International Studies. TRUMP'S TEA PARTY PICK FOR OMB DIRECTOR IS ON COLLISION COURSE WITH GOP HAWKS, the story from Jeremy: "Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.) has sought to slash military spending for years, teaming up with liberal Democrats Barney Frank of Massachusetts and Chris Van Hollen of Maryland to force votes on amendments slicing billions off the top of the defense budget. And he’s cheered the automatic budget cuts known as sequestration that slowed the rise of federal spending. "Now that he's been tapped to lead the powerful White House Office of Management and Budget, the primary gatekeeper for the president's annual budget proposal, Mulvaney has many supporters of more military spending on edge over how exactly he will shape Trump's campaign pledge to raise the spending caps currently imposed on the military...'When anyone has ever had a conversation with him actually about the budget and spending, he comes up short,' the lawmaker said on the condition of anonymity, to candidly provide his views." PRIEBUS CLAIMS TRUMP ACCEPTS RUSSIA'S ROLE IN THE ELECTION-YEAR HACKING, reports POLITICO’s Kevin Robillard: "Incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said Sunday that President-elect Donald Trump accepts that Russia played a role in hacking the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. "Trump 'is not denying that entities in Russia were behind this particular hacking campaign,' Priebus said on 'Fox News Sunday.' Trump has only indirectly acknowledged the intelligence community's conclusion that Russia interfered in the election and has consistently downplayed its significance — and the president-elect has a history of later contradicting what his surrogates tell the media." MARINES RETURNING TO AFGHANISTAN TO FIGHT THE TALIBAN THIS SPRING, via Mujib Mashal of The New York Times: "Approximately 300 United States Marines will return this spring to help fight a resurgent Taliban in the southern Afghan province of Helmand, the site of a yearslong bloody campaign, American officials in Afghanistan said on Saturday. "An American military spokesman in Kabul said the Marines would replace an Army unit stationed in Helmand, and would offer training and advice to members of the Afghan military and the national police...The Marines were last in Helmand, a hotbed of Taliban fighters and poppy cultivation, in October 2014." — U.S. RAMPS UP AIRSTRIKES IN AFGHANISTAN, writes Jessica Donati for The Wall Street Journal: "The U.S. Air Force dramatically increased the number of airstrikes it carried out in Afghanistan in 2016, data released by the military shows, a further sign of growing U.S. involvement in the war following the withdrawal of most coalition troops two years ago. "The increased engagement follows the U.S.’s decision last year to widen the military’s authority to conduct offensive operations in Afghanistan amid gains made by the Taliban, its largest insurgency, and Islamic State’s affiliate in the country." TRUCK ATTACKS KILLS FOUR ISRAELI SOLDIERS IN JERUSALEM, reports Josef Federman of The Associated Press: "A Palestinian truck driver rammed his vehicle into a crowd of Israeli soldiers at a popular Jerusalem tourist spot Sunday, killing four people and wounding 17 others in the deadliest single attack of more than a year of Israeli-Palestinian violence. "The attack came at a time of heightened tensions in Jerusalem, where Palestinians have warned of dire consequences if incoming President Donald Trump follows through on his promise to move the U.S. Embassy to the city. The atmosphere among Israelis is also charged following last week's manslaughter conviction of an Israeli soldier who fatally shot a wounded Palestinian attacker." SPEED READ — The former National Guardsman from Alaska who opened fire at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida is charged: BuzzFeed — Lax security at the Washington Navy Yard persisted years after 2013 shooting: Navy Times — Trump to give his Cabinet secretaries a long leash: POLITICO — Trump's pick for national intelligence director, former Sen. Dan Coats (R-Ind.), lobbied for years: AP — The former president of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, dies at 82: NYT — An American consulate official is shot and wounded in Mexico: NYT — North Korean state media claims the country is ready to test launch an ICBM at any moment: Reuters — SpaceX delays its first rocket launch since a September explosion due to bad weather: WSJ — Iraqi special forces reach the Tigris River in Mosul: Reuters — The deepening of ties between Russia and Turkey threaten to marginalize the U.S. in the effort to shape the conflict in Syria: NYT — Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is ready to negotiate "everything" in proposed peace talks with rebels but vowed to recapture all of Syria: Reuters — President Barack Obama denies he underestimated Russian President Vladimir Putin: POLITICO — Israeli satellite imagery shows Russian nuclear-capable ballistic missiles in Syria: Defense News — The Army launches a review of the health of its general officer corps following the suicide of two-star general this summer: Army Times — U.S. soldiers in Germany offload combat vehicles bound for Poland as part of a rotational force: Stars and Stripes — The Navy and defense contractors are preparing for the largest Navy expansion since the Cold War: AP — Rating the Obama legacy with the military: Military Times — A Chinese state tabloid warns Trump the country will "take revenge" if he reneges on the one-China policy: Reuters — The day-to-day life of American drone pilots: BBC « View Archives Authors: Connor O’Brien cobrien@politico.com Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Connor O'Brien is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro, covering Congress. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense, national security and veterans issues for CQ Roll Call. In his time reporting on Capitol Hill, he has covered several rounds of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), budget and appropriations bills and action on the House and Senate floor. About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read How Betsy DeVos Used God and Amway to Take Over Michigan Politics Why Russia Loves the Idea of California Seceding Rand Paul raises 'big question' of Medicaid rollback Pence, Priebus dispute booting press out of White House Trump slow to vet ultra-rich ambassador candidates CIA chief calls Trump Nazi Germany comparison 'outrageous' Pence: Lewis 'legitimacy' comments 'deeply disappointing' Chaffetz: No 'fishing expedition' over potential Trump conflicts Pence denies contact between Trump campaign and Russia Obama’s Forgotten Plan to Reduce Abortions Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Friday, 1/13/17 Thursday, 1/12/17 Wednesday, 1/11/17 Tuesday, 1/10/17 Monday, 1/9/17 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine Obama’s Forgotten Plan to Reduce Abortions By Michael Wear How Betsy DeVos Used God and Amway to Take Over Michigan Politics By Zack Stanton Why Russia Loves the Idea of California Seceding By Casey Michel Pravda on the Checkout Line By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Materials Today, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Log in / Sign up MT PLUS 中文版 Contacts Advertising About   Carbon fiber Materials Science Amorphous materials Biomaterials Carbon Characterization Composites Computation and theory Crystalline materials Electronic properties Energy Materials chemistry Mechanical properties Metals and alloys Nanomaterials Optical materials Polymers and soft materials Surface science Reinforced Plastics Carbon fiber Composite applications Composite industry Composite parts Composite processing Metal Powder Report Additive manufacturing Hardmetals and ceramics Metal finishing Metal industry Metal processing Molding and pressing Powder applications All Topics News Home News Webinars Comment Features Podcasts Products Events Jobs Journals More… Home » Carbon fiber » News » CFRP market to reach US$20,284 million by 2022 CFRP market to reach US$20,284 million by 2022 9 January 2017 The market for carbon fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP) materials could reach US$20,284 million by 2022, according to a new report published by Allied Market Research. This represents a CAGR of 8.1% during the period 2016-2022. North America is the major revenue-generating regional market and would continue to be the leader until 2022. While aerospace and defense projects such as Boeing and Airbus are the primary drivers for growth and development of the CFRP market, the high costs of CFRP and long production cycles is expected to restrain the market growth. The thermosetting segment accounted for more than two-thirds of the market revenue in 2015 and would continue to lead the market until 2022. This was attributed to its mechanical properties such as tensile strength, compressive strength, hardness, and temperature independence. The epoxy resin segment accounted for more than 60% share in world thermosetting CFRP market, in terms of both market volume and revenue, in 2015. Pultrusion & winding is the most commonly adopted manufacturing process as the process generates high production volumes in minimal time; approximately 23,565 tons CFRP was manufactured using this process in 2015. The aerospace & defense industry generates the highest revenue, which generated about US$5,576 million revenue in 2014. This story is reprinted from material from Allied Market Research, with editorial changes made by Materials Today. The views expressed in this article do not necessarily represent those of Elsevier.   Share this news… Join the conversation… Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Carbon fiber Composite applications You might also like… News   Report predicts strong growth in carbon fiber consumption The consumption of carbon fiber is expected to grow at a more rapid pace during the coming decade. 10 June 2015 Comment now News   PIM market to reach more than US$3 billion The global powder injection molding components (PIM) market should reach US$3.1 billion in 2020. 6 May 2016 Comment now News   UC RUSAL overhauls aluminum powder production Russian aluminum producer UC RUSAL has set out plans to renovate the powder metallurgy plants in Volgograd and Shelehov. 30 December 2014 Comment now Most viewed in carbon fiber… Podcast   Acoustic emission Materials Today Interview with Dr Davide Crivelli from the Politecnico di Milano about acoustic emission. 15 April 2015Davide Crivelli Comment now News   COMPOSITES EUROPE 2016: Free entrance tickets for Reinforced Plastics readers As COMPOSITES EUROPE's official media partner Reinforced Plastics can offer our readers free entrance tickets. 19 September 2016Razina Miah Comment now Podcast   Composites in industry Materials Today Interview with Peter Cate from Dow Automotive Systems about advanced composites developed at Dow Chemical. 7 May 2015Peter Cate Comment now Podcast   Composites and the Knowledge Centre for Materials Chemistry 2 June 2015John Conti-Ramsden Comment now News   Carbon nanotubes improve composite conductivity Universities in the UK have developed new technology that could improve the electrical and thermal conductivity of conventional composite materials. 3 January 2017 Comment now About Materials Today Materials Today is a community dedicated to the creation and sharing of materials science knowledge and experience. Supported by Elsevier, we publish high impact peer-reviewed journals, organize academic conferences, broadcast educational webinars and so much more. About Materials Today Meet the team Advertise Contact Us We want to hear from you. We’re here to support the creation and sharing of information: if there’s something we aren’t doing, or something we could do better, let us know. We grow through your comments and ideas. Contact us RSS feeds Privacy policy Terms and conditions Cookies Site map Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. Website designed by Intuitiv
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Poland Will Do it for Us? Poland Acquires First Strike Capability to Pose Threat to Russia By Peter Korzun Global Research, January 09, 2017 Strategic Culture Foundation 8 January 2017 Region: Europe Theme: Militarization and WMD, US NATO War Agenda It should be noted that quite often the most interesting arms contracts escape media attention. That’s how it was in 2016. Signing a multi-billion-dollar military aid package between the United States and Israel and the subsequent White House approval for long-awaited fighter sales to the Middle East hit the radar screen. In late September, the US approved the sales of Boeing fighters worth a total of around $7 billion to Kuwait and Qatar. First mooted around two years ago, the deals had been held up by the US government due to Israeli concerns and in order to smooth the way for nuclear talks with Iran. The same month, a $38-billion Israeli arms package over the next 10 years – the largest of its kind ever – was finalized and signed. The news about those contacts was a real scoop hitting the headlines of all mainstream media outlets. In late November, the State Department approved another transaction- the acquisition of 70 AGM-158B JASSM-ER (extended range) missiles for Poland. The deal undeservedly failed to attract much attention. In fact, it matters much and changes a lot. The prospects for the acquisition of the extended range version were discussed as far back as 2014. The US obviously procrastinated due to political considerations. The decision to make the deal go through makes Poland the first state outside the United States to acquire the JASSM-ER. In 2014, Poland signed a contract to procure the JASSM AGM-158A version for its F-16C/D jets. The stealth missile is designed to destroy ground targets at distances 370+km (230 mi). As of 2014, the JASSM had also entered service in Australia and Finland. The 370 km is a great range for the purpose of self-defense. But Poland badly wanted strategic conventional first strike capability. With the JASSM-ER deal reached, its dream has come true. Using a more efficient engine and larger fuel volume in an airframe with the same external dimensions as the JASSM, the JASSM-ER has an operational range of 1000+km (620 mi) – an effective stealth weapon to knock out key stationary infrastructure sites located deep in Russia’s territory. The weapon boasts a penetrating warhead. With the AGM-158A expected to become fully operational this year, Poland has the aircraft and crews ready to receive the extended range version. The JASSM-ER has 70% hardware commonality and 95% software commonality with the original AGM-158 JASSM. Poland has made a significant contribution into NATO’s long-range conventional superiority to further complicate the prospects for further progress in the field of arms control. The first strike capability presupposes that Russia would introduce corresponding changes into its military planning. The home bases of Polish F-16 fighters carrying the JASSM-ER will inevitably become potential first strike targets in case of conflict with Russia. The study of defense contracts signed recently by the United States with other countries shows that potential threats to Russia are growing. For instance, an A/N FPS-132 Block 5 Early Warning Radar (EWR) with an operational range of 5,000 km is to be installed in Qatar. Described as ordinary arms sales, the deals are kept out of arms control discourse and public spotlight but putting together bits of information allows to compose the whole picture and identify the creeping menaces. It’s not air-to surface first strike capability only. Poland has been implementing the plans to form a 50,000 strong paramilitary territorial defense force, a planned military reserve component of the regular military, since 2015. Roughly, 20,000 guards will join the ranks of the new force in 2017. Warsaw plans to increase the size of the army by at least 50 percent in the coming years (from about 95,000 to 150,000), including the creation of three brigades for the territorial defense of the country on the eastern flank. The military is going through long-term modernization program with significant equipment acquisitions planned for 2017 through 2022 to involve new air defense systems, ballistic missiles, a new fighter trainer aircraft, combat and transport helicopters, submarines, self-propelled howitzers and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Around 1200 UAVs are to be procured, including at least 1000 with combat capabilities. According to NATO plans, Poland will host rapid response troops starting this year. Warsaw has demanded a full-scale permanent base of the alliance on its territory. A NATO Aegis Ashore ballistic missile defense site to be positioned in Poland in 2018 and the AGM-158B are two destabilizing factors that undermine security in Europe and obstruct prospects for arms control. Both threats to peace come from Poland. There are reasons to believe that 2017 will be the year when tensions in the Old Continent are reduced. The Russian Foreign Ministry has just confirmed this view in a statement. The BMD and the AGM-158B are the issues to be raised if Russia and NATO launch arms control talks as some leading European nations have suggested recently. But Poland seems to be marching out of step. The JASSM-ER deal is a highly provocative step towards Russia undermining the security of Europe and positioning Poland at the frontline of the arms race. The original source of this article is Strategic Culture Foundation Copyright © Peter Korzun, Strategic Culture Foundation, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Peter Korzun Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News / Top Stories Court Decision: U.S. “Government Agencies” Found Guilty in Martin Luther King’s Assassination “Orders to Kill” Dr. Martin Luther King: The Government that Honors MLK with a National Holiday Killed Him MLK Day: The Plot to Kill Martin Luther King: Survived Shooting, Was Murdered in Hospital Udo Ulfkotte’s Powerful Message: “German Politicians are US Puppets”. German Journalists are Urged to Bias their Writings in Favor of the US Dr.Udo Ulfkotte: World Class Journalist Spills the Beans, Admits Mainstream Media is Completely Fake Udo Ulfkotte: Europe’s Courageous Journalism Voice Has Passed Away Will Obama “Get Away with It”, after Spending Two Terms “With Blood on His Hands”? The Scheme to Take Down Trump The Inaugural Speech of a US President: History, Wisdom and The Trump Presidency Kremlin and Trump Team Deny Report of Planned Trump-Putin Meeting in Reykjavik Obama Expands NSA Spying. Attack against Democratic Rights Water Cut-Offs in Damascus: How “Militants” (US Supported Al Qaeda Terrorists) Use “Prohibited Methods of Warfare” Obama’s Farewell Address: Touting the Legacy, Exposing the Truth. Non Stop Wars, A Costly Six Trillion Dollar Legacy Our Man in London: The Scandal of the 35-Page ‘Intelligence Dossier’ Directed against Donald Trump Robert F. Kennedy Jr. On Trump’s Proposed Vaccine Commission Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Aldi is steaming ahead. So which of its rivals have been left behind? The grocer has just announced a 15 per cent surge in December sales James Moore @JimMooreJourno Monday 9 January 2017 12:40 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Aldi lights up the grocery sector This is how a well-paid City analyst explained to me why he shopped at Aldi: “It’s simple. Why should I put money in the pockets of Tesco shareholders?” That an increasing number of people are sharing that sentiment can be seen in the 15 per cent rise in December sales the German retailer has just reported.  Read more Aldi to become the highest paying supermarket in the UK Combine a formidable reputation for value with a hard-won reputation for quality, one that stacks up very well when combined to the mainstream supermarkets (and is better than some), and you have a winning formula.  Pretty much the only reason to shun the place is snobbery. More fool those willing to put money into the pockets of Tesco shareholders for that reason. Or Sainsbury’s shareholders, for that matter. That their numbers are shrinking, however, can be seen in Aldi stocking premium ranges designed to attract people with the disposable income to trade up. Not to mention the ski clothes it features in the aisle of mad decisions, where special offers live, ranging from clothes to consumer electronics to DIY to vacuum cleaners.  Read more Aldi to become the highest paying supermarket in the UK Tesco increases market share for first time in five years Sainsbury’s better for shoppers than shareholders It is true that the 15 per cent sales rise over Christmas needs a bit of context adding to it. Aldi is one of those retailers that refuses to provide like for like sales figures. For those unaccustomed to City jargon, that means figures just from stores open at least a year. These would provide a picture of how the business is doing excluding the contribution from new store openings. Aldi is opening a lot of new stores, and will continue to do so over the next few years. These account for a significant proportion of its growth, and it's hard to tell how much the exiting estate is contributing to its numbers. Enough to keep its bosses happy, is probably the answer.  Retail types keep saying that Aldi (and its rival Lidl) will eventually slow down and find a level when compared to the other grocers, as has happened with the other markets they have entered. It doesn’t look as if that’s going to happen soon in the UK market.   Aldi’s domestic competitors are more or less learning to live with the new reality because they don't have much choice. But they’re not living well. The next couple of weeks will give an indication of how not well. With rumours of a Tesco revival doing the rounds of planet retail, and Morrison’s seeming to have turned itself around, Asda is looking very exposed (as is Sainsbury’s).  Retail analyst Nick Bubb this morning pointed out that the widely followed Grocer “33” weekly supermarket pricing survey in Saturday’s Grocer magazine saw Morrison’s win, even though the survey was done on Dec 17th, well before its latest price cuts. Its basket of £59.51 was 62p cheaper than Sainsbury and 92p cheaper than Asda.  Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty This, he said, meant that Asda had to dole out a chunky £6.53 voucher because it wasn’t able to live up to its guarantee of being 10 per cent cheaper than its rival.  PS Amazon's just getting started.  Ouch. If things don’t start firing at Asda soon, one would imagine that its owner Wal-Mart is going to start... well, you can probably guess.  More about: ALDI supermarket Tesco Sainsbury's Morrison's Asda Lidl Supermarket price war Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News McDonald's sells majority of its China and Hong Kong business for £1.4bn Fast-food giant to offload 80 per cent of the division to investment company backed by Beijing as well as US private equity group Carlyle Ben Chapman Monday 9 January 2017 12:54 BST Click to follow The Independent Online McDonald's mploys more than 120,000 people in China and has more than 2,400 restaurants on the mainland and 240 in Hong Kong Getty McDonald's is selling a controlling stake in its China and Hong Kong business for $1.7bn (£1.4bn), the fast food giant announced on Monday.  State-backed Chinese conglomerate Citic will acquire 52 per cent of the business with US private equity firm Carlyle Group taking a further 28 per cent. The deal values the business at up to $2.1bn.  McDonald's will keep the remaining 20 per cent of the business which employs more than 120,000 people and comprises more than 2,400 restaurants in mainland China and 240 in Hong Kong. The deal requires approval from regulators but is expected to be completed by mid-2017.  Read more McDonald’s moves non-US base to UK after run-in with EU tax regulators McDonald's plans to open a further 1,500 restaurants in China and Hong Kong over the next five years to cash in on soaring demand. Fast-food firms including McDonald’s rival Yum China, which operates the KFC and Pizza Hut brands in the mainland, are among retailers that are trying to fend off domestic competition and attract middle-class Chinese consumers who increasingly demand high-quality and healthier dining options.  As McDonald’s streamlines its sprawling global operations, it is also looking at further deals in markets such as South Korea, Japan and Southeast Asia. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty "As disposable incomes rise, people will continue to spend more on leisure and on dining out, and there is particularly great growth potential in tier three and four cities," McDonald’s' announcement said, referring to provincial cities with large populations. "As such, the market for Western quick service restaurants is expected to continue to grow rapidly."  McDonald’s chief executive Steve Easterbrook is pursuing a turnaround plan to revive the company as it faces the fourth consecutive year of traffic declines in the US, its largest market. The China deal combines McDonald’s with partners “who have an unmatched understanding of the local markets and bring enhanced capabilities and new partnerships,” he said in the statement. Additional reporting by Bloomberg More about: Mcdonald's China Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos John Chambers-led USIBC delegation to Vibrant Gujarat Summit among the largest ANI 9 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share New Delhi [India], Jan 9 (ANI): John Chambers, USIBC Board Chairman and Executive Chairman, Cisco Systems will lead a delegation of almost 100 representatives from leading US companies to the 8th Vibrant Gujarat Summit. Several other USIBC member companies including Cisco, Emerson, CME Group, 3M Company, Varian Medical, BIO, Dell, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, FedEx, Gilead, Huntsman Corporation and MasterCard, among other companies, will be participating in Vibrant Gujarat 2017. "Vibrant Gujarat has placed India on the world map, providing an impetus to industrial growth, innovation and has paved the way for multinational companies to integrate India in their global supply chain. I congratulate Prime Minister Modi for realizing the dream of not just Vibrant Gujarat but a Vibrant India," Dr Mukesh Aghi, President, US India Business Council said. "In 2016-17, USIBC is expecting an additional inflow of US $27 billion to India by at least 52 US companies. We are delighted to see the fastened pace of India's recent domestic reforms," he added. During the five-day summit, the delegation will hold meetings with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Minister for Finance Arun Jaitley, Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industries Nirmala Sitharaman, Chief Minister of Gujarat Vijay Rupani, Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant and other senior state and central government officials. The delegation aims to reinforce the significance of US-India bilateral trade, explore opportunities for accelerating American investment in India and promote job creation for both economies. The USIBC and US Embassy will also host the United States Country Seminar on Wednesday, January 11, 2017 at the Vibrant Gujarat Summit. This seminar will focus on US-led innovation and entrepreneurship as a driver for economic growth in India.(ANI) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Kohli, Jadhav set up unbelievable chase for India AFP 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored For the First Time in India & Only Second Time in the World, an Organ Recipient Also Donated an Organ! The Better India Why Havildar Abdul Hamid Is One of Indian Army’s Most Celebrated & Revered Soldiers of All Time The Better India India vs Bangladesh one-off Test match pushed to February 9 Sportskeeda Want To Know The Secret Behind Long Pet Lives? Pet BounceSponsored Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir bags Best Actor, Alia wins Best Actress India Today Meet U.P. 2017 poll candidate, 'Fakkad Baba', who has predicted his victory Ani Newbie Mom Shweta Tiwari Shares The First Picture Of Her Adorable Baby Boy Bollywoodshaadis.com Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored A tribute to Indian Army Ani BEST DRESSED & WORST DRESSED At The Filmfare Awards 2017: Sonam, Alia, Jacqueline, Sonakshi Or Parineeti? Spotboye 2017 Saturn Transit in Sagittarius - Know How This Major Transit Will Affect You Astroyogi A Jaw-Dropping 18-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored Harbhajan and Geeta celebrate their daughter Hinaya Heer's 1st Lohri with this adorable selfie! PinkVilla.com Encounter between security forces, terrorists underway Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Virgin's new supersonic passenger jet will have its first test flight in 2017 The new aircraft can fly between London and New York in just over three hours Zlata Rodionova Monday 9 January 2017 12:12 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Popular videos Donald Trump launches into Twitter tirade against Meryl Streep Emma Watson sings 'Something More' in new Beauty and the Beast trailer Remembering the time Donald Trump 'mocked a disabled reporter' The moment Emma Stone 'eviscerated' Ryan Seacrest at the Golden Globes Sir Richard Branson’s new supersonic jet aircraft that promises to halve air travel times will see its first test flight take place later this year. The XB-1, nicknamed “Baby Boom”, claimed to be the world’s fastest civil aircraft ever made and promises to send passengers between London and New York in three hours and 15 minutes. Read more You will soon be able to fly from the UK to New York for just £56 Boeing and Lockheed Martin are also developing supersonic passenger jets, but Sir Richard is hoping to beat the competition. Sir Richard has invested in startup Boom to make trans-Atlantic supersonic commercial flights possible for the first time since Concorde fell out of service 13 years ago. The new aircraft has a cruising speed of Mach 2.2 or 1,451mph, which is 10 per cent faster than Concorde’s speed of Mach 2 and 2.6 times faster than other airliners. This is 10 per cent faster than Concorde, which flew at speeds of up to 1,350mph. The planned interior of a Boom supersonic plane (Boom) While jet will see its first test flight this year, its first commercial flight is not expected until 2023. Read more Holiday in a tropical paradise inside a Berlin aircraft hangar How airplane seat trays could soon double as televisions The quickest way to board an airplane? Just use an algorithm Passengers might pay a hefty price tag for their journey as the price of a flight between London and New York is currently set at £2,500 each way. The new planes are set to carry 40 passengers at a time. “I have long been passionate about aerospace innovation and the development of high-speed commercial flights,” Sir Richard said. “As an innovator in the space, Virgin Galactic’s decision to work with Boom was an easy one. We’re excited to have an option on Boom’s first 10 airframes,” he added. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 43 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 2/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 3/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 6/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 7/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 8/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 9/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 10/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 11/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 12/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 13/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 14/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 15/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 16/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 17/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 18/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 19/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 20/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 21/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 22/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 24/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 25/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 26/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 27/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 28/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 30/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 31/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 32/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 33/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 34/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 35/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 36/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 37/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 38/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 39/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 40/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 41/43 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 42/43 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 43/43 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty Boom’s development of the new aircraft has been done in partnership with Sir Richard’s Spaceship Company, which is attached to Virgin Galactic. The company will provide engineering and manufacturing services to Boom, in addition to test flight support and operations, and Sir Richard has signed an option to buy the first 10 airframes. More about: Concorde Richard Branson Virgin Galactic Boeing Lockheed Martin passenger jet Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Analysis Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 70 Global Defence Technology: Issue 70 Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Oxley Group Ltd - Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems Suppliers iX Cameras - High-Speed Video Testing for Airforce Applications High-Speed Video Testing for Airforce Applications Suppliers Rheinmetall Air Defence - Ground-Based Air Defence Systems Ground-Based Air Defence Systems Suppliers LMB - Brushless Fans, Motors and Blowers Brushless Fans, Motors and Blowers Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Jan 9 2017 USAF tests new synthetic equipment for C-17 Globemaster III aircraft The US Air Force (USAF) has successfully completed an operational evaluation of new synthetic tie downs and winch cables for the C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft. The 437th Maintenance Group, Operations Group and the Aerial Port Squadron supported the evaluation conducted at Joint Base Charleston in South Carolina. The idea for the new synthetic equipment was approved in September 2015, with plans to complete early this year. US Air Force Research Laboratory aviation project manager captain Randall Hodkin said: “This idea was submitted by Boeing and gained a lot of interest. “We awarded them the contract, they worked the initial design and presented it to us for assessment. "After our recommendations, they created three design variations and the best solution was chosen for demonstration at Joint Base Charleston.” The tie downs and winch cables are expected to reduce weight by nearly 1,000lb on each aircraft, increasing aircraft fuel efficiency. "The installation of the new synthetic equipment could save the air force nearly $4m annually and provide additional safety." Tie downs are ropes, cords, straps or chains that secure items during airlift operations and winch cables help adjust the tension on tie downs, securing the load, the USAF said in a statement. The installation of the new synthetic equipment could save the air force nearly $4m annually and provide additional safety. The synthetic tie downs will eventually be used for all cargo aircraft. However, the winch cable will remain specific to the C-17, the statement said. Image: An operational evaluation of new synthetic cargo tie downs and winch cables was conducted at Joint Base Charleston. Photo: courtesy of US Air Force. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Taxpayers make further losses on Lloyds Bank shares as Government cuts stake below 6% The public is no longer the largest shareholder in the lender but questions over value for money remain Ben Chapman Monday 9 January 2017 09:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The Government said it hoped to offload its remaining shares in Lloyds within a year Getty The taxpayer is no longer the largest shareholder in Lloyds Banking Group after the Government reduced its stake to less than 6 per cent. But the public has lost more money as the shares languish below the price Gordon Brown’s government paid for them in 2009. UK Financial Investments (UKFI), which manages the government’s stake in Lloyds, cut its holding in the lender from 6.93 per cent to 5.95 per cent after selling around 700 million shares. UKFI has not stated the exact price achieved for the stake, but Lloyds has been trading below 65p for most of the last month – less than the 73.6p taxpayers paid to bail out the stricken lender during the financial crisis. UKFI said more than £18bn had been returned to Government coffers since the lender’s £20.3bn bailout. Read more Lloyds share sale cuts Government stake to under 8% However, that figure also does not take into account the interest paid on the billions in debt the Government used to buy its stake or fees paid to investment bankers to manage the sale, the National Audit Office has noted. In October the Government controversially ditched plans for a share sale to the public, opting instead to offer the stake to institutional investors. It said it hoped to offload its remaining shares in Lloyds within a year. Lloyds boss Antonio Horta-Osorio said: “Today’s announcement that the UK Government is no longer our largest shareholder is a key milestone in the journey of Lloyds Banking Group back to full private ownership, returning taxpayers’ money at a profit. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty “It also reflects the hard work undertaken by everyone at Lloyds over the last five years to transform the Group into a simple, low-risk and customer-focused bank that is committed to helping Britain prosper.” The Government still retains a 73 per cent stake in Royal Bank of Scotland, which has been hit by ongoing scandals, keeping its share price low and making an imminent disposal unlikely. In October, leaked internal documents supported allegations that the bank had systematically squeezed its small business owner customers in order to extract profits from them when they were at risk of insolvency. RBS also faces up to $12bn in fines from US regulators over allegations of mis-selling mortgage-backed securities. More about: Lloyds Lloyds Banking Group bank bailout Financial Crisis Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
About News Articles Directory Equipment Books Videos Events More... Metals Store Journals Software Courses Market Reports Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Metals Store Journals Software Courses Market Reports Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Collier Research Becomes a Member of NASA’s Advanced Composites Consortium Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on January 9, 2017 at 3:42 AM Written by AZoMJan 9 2017 Design optimization software company joins a team of aerospace experts focused on reducing aircraft development and certification time and maintaining U.S. leadership in aviation manufacturing : NASA’s Advanced Composites Consortium members will plug their analysis tools into the HyperSizer Stress Framework for rapid airframe analysis (above) and design optimization of robotic automated fiber placement (AFP) manufactured structures (below). Collier Research Corporation has announced they have become a member of NASA’s Advanced Composites Consortium (ACC). Collier, the only software company in the ACC, is among the newest members joining the original group formed in 2015—NASA Langley Research Center (LaRC), FAA William J. Hughes Technical Center, The Boeing Company, General Electric Company (GE), Lockheed Martin Corporation, United Technologies Corporation, and the National Institute of Aerospace (NIA) – ACC Integrator. Also new to the ACC are Aurora Flight Sciences Corporation, Orbital ATK, the University of South Carolina McNAIR Center for Aerospace Innovation and Research, and the Wichita State University National Institute for Aviation Research (NIAR). The ACC aims to bring better composite material analysis, design, and manufacturing into practice to help maintain American leadership in aviation manufacturing. The consortium was formed by NASA in support of the Advanced Composites Project, which is part of the Advanced Air Vehicles Program in the agency’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate. The project’s goal is to reduce product development and certification timelines by 30 percent for composite aircraft. The push to take weight out of structures designed for flight is leading to a greater use of composites in the aerospace industry. As these advanced materials are more complex to certify than metals, the use of automated,  integrated analysis and design-performance optimization is critical—from the earliest stages of development all the way through manufacturing—to ensure that composites are used most effectively and certified for flight most efficiently. Craig Collier, President of Collier Research. Craig Collier has been appointed cooperative research team (CRT) leader of two ACC initiatives: rapid tools and design for manufacturing. “Rapid tools are important because the bulk of aircraft design development and structural certification analysis revolves around them,” says Collier. “The design maturation process spans several years. Shortening this long portion of the schedule will have a huge impact on the aircraft production timeline. Design for manufacturing includes technologies such as robotic automated fiber placement (AFP) and curing processes during the analysis and optimization design phases. Merging these technologies early and iteratively will help engineers improve quality and consistency in laminate fabrication, resulting in fewer defects and streamlined certification. Collier. Collier Research’s HyperSizer was the first software to be commercialized out of NASA. It has been used on many projects for the U.S. Space Program (such as the Orion Crew Module) and by many aircraft manufacturers—including Spirit AeroSystems, which designed a fuselage for the Bell V-280 Valor defense helicopter prototype for the Department of Defense’s Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator (JMR TD) program. For more information visit www.hypersizer.com Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) 
 Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoM.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Technology Metals for Industrial 3D Printing Mike Stawovy H.C. Starck, suppliers of specialist metals, provide a range of technology metals to be used specifically in additive manufacturing (3D printing). Additive manufacturing allows highly complex and geometrical parts to be produced as a whole - meaning less parts are required to create devices. A Versatile and Intuitive Force Tester for Production Environments Joel Schoubert Force testing is an important step in any production process to ensure that products are of a good quality and are up to standard. Lloyds Instrument's CS Series have been designed exactly for this role with their small footprint, easy to use interface and simple data readouts. Should you Measure Battery Conductance or Resistance to Monitor Battery Health? Wayne Eaton The resistance and conductance of a battery are two parameters that can be used to determine the health of battery strings and identify failed cells. Many battery users believe that the choice between measuring either conductance or resistance makes little difference - however, this is not the case. Maintaining Two Independent Metrology Cativites with Zygo’s Large Aperture Systems The horizontal-axis Large Aperture systems from ZYGO provide the unique capability of maintaining two independent metrology cavities; one of the nominal interferometer aperture (4"), and the other a choice of one of four beam expander diameters (12", 18", 24" and 32"). From Zygo Corporation Offering Better Sensitivity and Spectral Purity with the Compact Atmospheric Sounding Interferometer CATSI – CWAS The Compact Atmospheric Sounding Interferometer CATSI - CWAS from ABB is a fast scanning interferometer. It covers the spectral range between 3 µm and 18 µm (560 cm-1 to 3300 cm-1) and provides advanced radiometric accuracy for thermal emission measurements. From ABB Inc Space and Defense Systems Material D from Ja-Bar Silicone Corporation with Wave Shielding Effectiveness of 10 GHz The silver-plated, aluminum-filled fluorosilicone Material D from Ja-Bar Silicone Corporation is capable of 90 dB of plane wave shielding effectiveness at 10 GHz, with a continuous use temperature ranging between -55 °C and +160 °C. This material is resistant to jet fuels and solvents. From Ja-Bar Silicone Corporation 1 Ceramic Matrix Composite Materials Used Successfully in LEAP Jet Engine 2 Creating Stretchable Electronics Using Additive Manufacturing 3 ORNL Researchers Offer New Alternative for Carbon Capture from Ambient Air 4 Nanotechnology and 3D Printing Combine to Detect Toxic Liquids 5 Morgan Advanced Materials Opens Indian Office to Meet Increased Demand 6 University of Akron and Sandia Partner to Develop New Polymers for Advanced 3D Printers Sponsored Content Performing 3D Optical Profiling Surface Measurements that Correlate to Traceable Standards From Bruker Nano Surfaces 23 Dec 2016 Safe Vacuum Furnace Operation – Why you Should use a Safety PLC From TAV Vacuum Furnaces 17 Dec 2016 Learn What Makes the Asylum Research AFM Different from All Other AFMs From Asylum Research - An Oxford Instruments Company 18 Nov 2014 The Dual Axis Linear Stepper Motors From H2W Technologies 22 Dec 2016 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) Heat Treatment (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoNano AZoRobotics AZoCleantech AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Useful Links News Articles Directory Equipment Books Videos Events Metals Store Journals Software Courses Events Market Reports Materials Applications Industries AZojomo Podcasts Experts The Team Search Become a Member Newsletters About Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoM.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 16/01/2017 09:50:18 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 15:04 | 09/01/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter VN-US to open direct air routes in 2018 National carrier Viet Nam Airlines is readying itself to open direct flights to the U.S. in 2018. Chief Executive Officer Duong Tri Thanh said Viet Nam Airlines began preparing to provide direct flights to the U.S. 10 years ago. The carrier has focused on enhancing the long-haul flying experience for passengers by expanding its fleet with larger airplanes, including Airbus 350 – 900s and Boeing B787 Dreamliners, Thanh added. FAA plans to come to Viet Nam to give assessment about the system and may grant CAT1 in accordance with IASA standards (international aviation safety assessment) to CAAV. Once getting approval from FAA, the U.S. Department of Transportation will consider granting freedom to Viet Nam’s airlines to open direct air routes to the U.S. A CAAV report shows that the aviation market in 2016 witnessed strong growth in passenger and cargo air transport output and flight regulations.  The watchdog agency said the work of ensuring aviation safety was implemented well in a year of increased growth rate in aviation. This was the 19th consecutive year Viet Nam has ensured safety for flights with no serious accidents. VGP VN-US to open direct air routes in 2018, vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Vietnam Airlines' 2016 consolidated revenue at $3.34bn Vietcombank reports pre-tax profits of VND8,212 billion M&A market hot in 2016 Rail transport revenue failed to reach target Vietnam tightens conditions on gaming machines Vietnam's budget revenue surpasses target in 2016 European companies growing hot for Vietnam Poor infrastructure obstructs logistics development Agricultural production attracts big businesses BUSINESS IN BRIEF 8/1     Top Stories Industry Ministry insists on developing more steel projects Packaging industry: opportunities escape domestic enterprises Green construction still lagging behind in Vietnam Thien Son - Suoi Nga: Paradise on earth Will Vietnam become an emerging market in three years? Is there a new face on the list of stock millionaires? As US dollar price soars and yuan plummets, year-end threat looms Meat imports, banned substances threaten Vietnam’s livestock industry Climate change could spur development of renewable energy in VN Five foreign-style cafes and fast-food shops in Hanoi Latest News Binh An drum-making village enters high season Social News 16/1 Flappy Bird, Politaire show Vietnam doesn’t lack talent Mekong Delta 2016: historic drought, saline intrusion destroys crops VN traffic won’t improve without sacrifice: economist 84 percent of VN students say they feel unsafe at school Job snobs Don’t kill the goose that lays the golden eggs Social News 15/1 BUSINESS IN BRIEF 15/1     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Air Force Will Oppose Trump If He Tries To Kick Out F-35 In Favor Of F-18 Jonah Bennett National Security/Politics Reporter 11:47 PM 01/08/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   Deborah Lee James, Secretary of the Air Force, signs the Department of Defense Human Goals Charter at the Pentagon in Washington April 28, 2014. Standing behind (L-R) are Navy Adm. Jonathan W. Greenert, Army Gen. Ray Odierno, Marine Corps. Gen. James Amos and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Army Gen. Martin Dempsey. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque.    5411468 Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James said in a recent interview that if President-elect Donald Trump tries to drop the F-35 in favor of the F-18, the service will oppose that move. In December, Trump caused a scene when he suggested that Boeing price out a version of the F-18 to substitute for the F-35, the most expensive weapons program in history. James is now pushing back against the idea that the F-18 could possibly compare to the F-35, Defense News reports. For James, the F-35 is a much more advanced weapons system. “The Air Force does not view the F/A-18 and the F-35 to be substitutable at all,” James said in an interview with Defense News Jan. 5. “They fulfill different requirements. They’re both fine aircraft, don’t get me wrong. But it’s fourth generation, and F-35 is fifth generation.” “The leaders of the Air Force will have the opportunity when the time comes to advise the president-elect on this,” James said. “But based on everything I know, the two are not interchangeable and the Air Force has not expressed interest in the F/A-18s.” James said it’s unclear what exactly Trump intends to do with the F-35, but from what she can tell, he seems to be trying to drive down the cost. Trump’s view on the F-35 may represent another clash between himself and his pick for secretary of defense, retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, who has affirmed to Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal that he has a “clear commitment” to the F-35 program. Trump first tweeted out Dec. 12 that “The F-35 program and cost is out of control,” hinting that he would try and reduce the cost of the weapons program once he officially takes over the presidency. He followed up that tweet Dec. 22 with a request that Boeing “price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” Trump does have the authority to cancel a weapons program, but it seems as though the Air Force will advise against that move. Follow Jonah Bennett on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Donald Trump, F-18, F-35 Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Barack Obama tells Donald Trump US presidency is not a family business, urges greater focus on policy Barack Obama tells Donald Trump US presidency is not a family business, urges greater focus on policy Print Share this story Barack Obama tells Donald Trump US presidency is not a family business, urges greater focus on policy Updated 9 January 2017, 13:50 AEDT US President Barack Obama says his successor Donald Trump cannot manage the White House like he has his real estate empire, warning the businessman's lack on policy knowledge could lead to him being blindsided. US President Barack Obama has advised his successor Donald Trump to avoid running the White House like his business empire. Key points: Barack Obama says Donald Trump must understand the difference between campaigning and governing Mr Obama says Mr Trump "has not spent a lot of time sweating the details" Mr Trump will be inaugurated on January 20 The outgoing President said he has been in regular communication with Mr Trump, who will be inaugurated in less than two weeks. Mr Obama said the President-elect must understand the difference between campaigning and leading a country. "What he has to appreciate is as soon as you walk into this office after you've been sworn-in, you're now in charge of the largest organisation on Earth," Mr Obama said. "You can't manage it the way you would manage a family business." Mr Obama added he and Mr Trump are "sort of opposites in some ways". Trump has not 'spent a lot of time sweating the details' The comments were made in an interview with ABC America's This Week program, where Mr Obama singled out their contrasting approaches to policy matters. Mr Obama said he was on the "policy wonk" end of the spectrum, in contrast to Mr Trump. "I think that he has not spent a lot of time sweating the details," Mr Obama said. External Link: @ThisWeekABC: "@POTUS says he's told Donald Trump you can't run the Oval Office 'the way you would manage a family business'. The President warned that quirk could give Mr Trump fresh perspective once he takes office, but it also could blindside him. "There are world capitals and financial markets and people all around the world who take really seriously what he [Mr Trump] says," Mr Obama added. In early December Mr Trump took to social media to complain about the costs of a new Boeing 747 Air Force One aircraft. The same day as the tweet Lockheed Martin and Boeing Stocks fell — albeit briefly. Stocks in Toyota also dropped after the President-elect tweeted about the car manufacturers factory in Mexico. Mr Trump's use of his Twitter account to communicate has raised concern among several politicians — notably outgoing Vice-President Joe Biden. The Russians 'meddled' in election: Obama Video: 'Vladimir Putin is not on our team', Barack Obama tells media, Republicans (ABC News) In the same interview, Mr Obama also talked about the US intelligence agency's report into alleged cyber hacking by Russia in an attempt to influence the presidential election. The hacking case against Putin US intelligence agencies have released an unclassified version of their report concluding Vladimir Putin ordered a hidden campaign to influence America's presidential election in favour of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton. Mr Obama warned Mr Trump underestimated the impact that cyber hacking and misinformation could have on democracies and called on Americans to unite against Russian attacks. "The Russians intended to meddle, and they meddled," Mr Obama said. "One of the things that I'm concerned about is the degree to which, there are Republicans who seem to have more confidence in Vladimir Putin than fellow Americans, because those fellow Americans are Democrats — that cannot be." Mr Trump has repeatedly taken to Twitter to reject the allegations of Russian involvement in hacking ahead on November's election. However, the incoming chief of staff, Reince Priebus, has since said that Mr Trump accepted the intelligence findings and may take action. Mr Trump will be inaugurated on January 20. External Link: US intelligence report into election hacking Topics: Security Intelligence United States US Elections Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Middle East: Australia distances itself from Paris peace conference concluding statement New Zealand father Robert Langdon charged over Ulladulla voyage; mother and daughter reunited Tigerair: Indonesia blames cancelled Bali flights on one-way tickets breaking licence rules Japanese ship Nisshin Maru found in Australia waters with dead whale on deck: Sea Shepherd Elderly women in Kenya learning karate to fight back against sexual assault in slums Donald Trump withholds support for 'one-China' policy, Beijing says principle 'non-negotiable' Battle for Mosul: Iraqi forces reclaim university buildings from Islamic State militants More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2016 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Economy Monday Memo Originally published January 8, 2017 at 5:00 pm Updated January 8, 2017 at 8:48 am Airbus to release its 2016 tally of orders, deliveries. (Airbus) The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times WEDNESDAY: Airbus will release its final 2016 tally of jet orders and deliveries and hold its annual news conference in Toulouse, France. Both sales and deliveries are expected to be down from 2015 levels. Last week, Boeing said it sold 668 jets and delivered 748 in 2016. THURSDAY: The Economic Development Council of Seattle & King County hosts its 45th annual Economic Forecast Conference. The half-day session will take “a regional look at cutting-edge business trends, our uniquely diverse industries and the Seattle region’s emergence as a global center.” Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen hosts a town-hall meeting with educators in Washington, D.C. Delta Air Lines will be the first of the major airlines to report its year-end financial results. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. FRIDAY: Three big banks — Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo — report their earnings before the market opens. SATURDAY: Weather permitting, Elon Musk’s SpaceX will launch 10 Iridium communications satellites from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, marking the company’s return to flight after one of its Falcon 9 rockets blew up in September. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story GM CEO: Won’t change production plans despite Trump tweet Previous Story Detroit auto show: Google, Camry and the shadow of Trump Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments700+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Plum Lineopinion Happy Hour Roundup The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Paul Waldman January 10 Follow @paulwaldman1 * Breaking from CNN: Classified documents presented last week to President Obama and President-elect Trump included allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump, multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings tell CNN. The allegations were presented in a two-page synopsis that was appended to a report on Russian interference in the 2016 election. The allegations came, in part, from memos compiled by a former British intelligence operative, whose past work US intelligence officials consider credible. The FBI is investigating the credibility and accuracy of these allegations, which are based primarily on information from Russian sources, but has not confirmed many essential details in the memos about Mr. Trump. The classified briefings last week were presented by four of the senior-most US intelligence chiefs — Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, FBI Director James Comey, CIA Director John Brennan, and NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers…. The two-page synopsis also included allegations that there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government, according to two national security officials. Exercise extreme caution about reporting based on anonymous intelligence leaks — we’ve seen how unreliable those can be, to disastrous effect, in the past — but that last detail seems particularly striking and will draw more scrutiny. — gs * Paul Ryan is devolving into incoherence on repeal: Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) said on Tuesday that some elements required to replace ObamaCare could be included in the earlier process to repeal the healthcare law. Ryan, however, didn’t identify specific elements or get into other details of how that process would work. The Speaker’s comments come as GOP leaders are facing enormous pressure from President-elect Donald Trump, centrist Republicans and conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus to tackle the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare simultaneously. “It is our goal to bring it all together concurrently,” Ryan told reporters after meeting with House Republicans behind closed doors. “We’re going to use every tool at our disposal through legislation, through regulation, to bring replace concurrent along with repeal, so that we can save people from this mess.” So in different pieces at different times, but “concurrently.” Got it. * Robert Pear reports that insurers, hospitals, and other health care companies are terrified of what will happen if Republicans repeal the ACA, but they’ve been intimidated into silence: Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy, said they were afraid to speak out because they feared that Mr. Trump would attack them on Twitter, as he has badgered Boeing, Ford, General Motors, Lockheed Martin and Toyota. So his plan is working. * Dan Mangan reports that the Obama administration says 11.5 million people have signed up for insurance through the ACA exchanges, an increase over last year, and open enrollment continues until the end of January.  But Paul Ryan said the exchanges were in a “death spiral.” Weird — it’s almost as if people want insurance. * Jonathan Cohn and Jeffrey Young describe a new report showing that 6.3 million Obamacare enrollees live in congressional districts represented by Republicans. * Jennifer Rubin says it’s time for Republicans to ditch “repeal and delay,” get their act together, and come up with an actual plan. * A new Quinnipiac poll shows Barack Obama’s approval at 55 percent and Donald Trump’s at 37 percent. But the American people wanted change! * A new Pew Research Center poll shows that 60 percent of Americans want Trump to release his tax returns, 58 percent say he’ll be too impulsive in making decisions, and 57 percent are very or somewhat worried that his business interests will conflict with the country’s interests. * Jamil Smith explains what the latest effort to defund Planned Parenthood is really about, and guess what — it isn’t protecting life. * Rebecca Traister reports that if Trump and the Republicans get their way, we could be returning to the days of back-alley abortions. * At The Week, I explained why Trump’s cabinet could be among the most powerful in history, which is why it’s so alarming that they’re getting such little scrutiny. * At CNN.com, I argued that Mitch McConnell’s willingness to upend government’s norms is now going to be turned away from obstruction and toward making everything move as quickly as possible. * And Abby Phillip, Lena H. Sun and Lenny Bernstein report that Trump has asked Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a proponent of the bogus theory that vaccines cause autism, to lead a commission on vaccine safety. I’d make a joke about the moon landing being faked were it not for the fact that anti-vaccine lunatics like Kennedy and the poisonous crap they spread are literally responsible for the death of children. And that’s who the president-elect is looking to. Congrats, Republicans — you should be so proud.   opinions plum-line Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 700+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Paul Waldman is a contributor to The Plum Line blog, and a senior writer at The American Prospect. Follow @paulwaldman1 792 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Opinion Trump’s attack on John Lewis is the essence of narcissism 2 Opinion Stop obsessing over ‘secrets’ about Trump and Russia. What we already know is bad enough. 3 Opinion Trump could cause ‘the death of think tanks as we know them’ 4 Opinion Trump could transform America’s relationship with China. Here’s how. 5 Opinion In remarkable exchange with undocumented mom, Paul Ryan exposes cruelty of Trumpism Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions plum-line Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Pasar al contenido principal Aviso Oportuno Revistas Blogs Servicios Inmuebles Vehiculos FOTOS EL UNIVERSAL TV GRÁFICOS MINUTO X MINUTO LO MÁS VISTO Formulario de búsqueda Término de búsqueda Nación Seguridad Política Sociedad Mundo Metrópoli D.F. Edomex Estados Opinión Cartera Finanzas Economía Negocios Management Emprendedores Tu cartera Indicadores Deportes Fútbol Box Béisbol Más deportes Espectáculos Música Televisión Cine Teatro Farándula Cultura Letras Artes visuales Artes escénicas Música Patrimonio Confabulario Periodismo de datos Periodismo de investigación Tiempo de relojes Interiorismo Ciencia y Salud Ciencia Tecnología Salud Techbit Menú De Última Destinos Autopistas English Minuto x minuto El Universal TV English rss Se encuentra usted aquí INICIO // English // Mexico's Pemex says protests cause 'critical' border city fuel shortage Mexico's Pemex says protests cause 'critical' border city fuel shortage Protesters have looted dozens of gas stations and supermarkets across the country. Nearly 2,000 have been arrested for suspected involvement in property damage and violence. Compartir Photo: IRVIN OLIVARES / EL UNIVERSAL 10/01/2017 17:10 Reuters -A +A Mexico's oil company, Pemex, is struggling to supply gas stations around the northern border city of Mexicali because of a blockade at a storage site, part of a wave of sometimes violent protests and looting over a gasoline price hike. In a post on its Twitter page, Pemex said its ability to supply gas stations in Mexicali, just across the border from California, had reached "critical levels" because of the blockade of its key local storage plant. "No gas stations have any inventory," said Rodrigo Llantada, president of the regional chapter of industry chamber Coparmex, adding the blockade began on Wednesday. Protests since the Jan. 1 double-digit fuel price spike have exposed deep anger with President Enrique Pena Nieto over rising living costs fanned by a slump in the peso currency following Republican Donald Trump's U.S. presidential victory. Protesters have looted dozens of gas stations and supermarkets across the country. Nearly 2,000 people have been arrested for suspected involvement in related property damage and violence. On Saturday, a truck drove into a line of federal police, injuring five, during clashes at another blockaded storage terminal in Baja California, while local media reported that shots were fired during protests on Sunday in the city of Nogales, across the border from Arizona. The government has defended the hike as necessary to end subsidies on fuels through a gradual, year-long price liberalization that will free up resources for social spending. Mexicali, a one-time agricultural outpost built up by Chinese immigrants a century ago, is now a sprawl of industrial plants stretching into the surrounding desert that supply the U.S. market. Multinationals in the Baja California city manufacture everything from Coca-Cola drinks to Apple smartphone chips and sections of Boeing's latest jet airliners. "The assembly plant industry is at risk, and the operations of the whole productive sector," Llantada said. Residents took to social media to pass on information about where to find fuel, with some braving long lines to cross the border to Calexico, California, to fill up their vehicles. Leticia Tellaeche, 62, said she was angry both with the government for raising prices and with the protesters for making the situation worse. "They should let the gasoline through, don't be fools, we know that whatever they do the prices are not coming down," said Tellaeche, adding she had taken to using a bicycle to save fuel.   Compartir TAGS gas price hike Comentarios MÁS EN English Ir a la sección de English Ostrich gets loose in Tamaulipas NBA: League eyes growth in Mexico, looks at possible franchise Subway station opens Wrestling Museum in Mexico City NOTICIAS DEL DÍA Ir a la portada Avalan solicitud de 8 candidatos independientes en Edomex Aprueban a 36 aspirantes a independientes en Coahuila Policías recorren con vecinos delegación Álvaro Obregón Resuelven problemas de movilidad, seguridad, balizamiento y semaforización VIVEUSA La provocativa foto de Selena que desató polémica Filtran informe de “actos sexuales perversos” de Trump ¿Por qué Paris Hilton no recibirá herencia de su familia?   Directorio Contáctanos Código de Ética Cómo cubrimos la Violencia Publicidad Aviso Legal Aviso Privacidad Mapa del Sitio Historia Aviso de Privacidad: EL UNIVERSAL, COMPAÑÍA PERIODÍSTICA NACIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. Descargar nuestra app © 2000 - 2016 Todos los derechos reservados EL UNIVERSAL, Compañía Periodística Nacional. De no existir previa autorización, queda expresamente prohibida la Publicación, retransmisión, edición y cualquier otro uso de los contenidos X
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Mexico's Pemex says protests cause 'critical' border city fuel shortage Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Commodities | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 8:59pm EST Mexico's Pemex says protests cause 'critical' border city fuel shortage MEXICO CITY Mexico's oil company, Pemex, is struggling to supply gas stations around the northern border city of Mexicali because of a blockade at a storage site, part of sometimes violent protests and looting over a gasoline price hike. In a post on Twitter on Tuesday afternoon, Pemex said its ability to supply gas stations in Mexicali, across the border from California, had reached "critical levels" because of the blockade of its local storage plant. "No gas stations have any inventory," said Rodrigo Llantada, president of the regional chapter of industry chamber Coparmex. He said the blockade began last Wednesday. Protests since the Jan. 1 double-digit fuel price spike have exposed anger with President Enrique Pena Nieto over rising living costs fanned by a slump in the peso currency after Republican Donald Trump's U.S. presidential victory. Pena Nieto said last week that the price increase was a "responsible" measure taken by the government in line with international oil prices. Government-set fuel prices in Mexico rose between 14 percent and 20 percent ahead of a gradual, year-long price liberalization the Pena Nieto administration promised to implement this year. Protesters have looted dozens of gas stations and supermarkets across Mexico. Nearly 2,000 people have been arrested for suspected involvement in related property damage and violence. Coparmex's national head on Tuesday asked the federal government to put additional gas price hikes on hold, saying that it should instead make meaningful budget cuts. Gustavo de Hoyos also criticized an agreement Pena Nieto signed with some business leaders on Monday to tame inflation, saying the government was blaming business for its own errors. On Saturday, a truck drove into a line of federal police, injuring five, during clashes at another blockaded storage terminal in Baja California, while local media reported that shots were fired during protests on Sunday in the city of Nogales, across the border from Arizona. The government has defended the price increase as necessary to end subsidies on fuels through a gradual, year-long price liberalization that will free up resources for social spending. Mexicali, a one-time agricultural outpost built up by Chinese immigrants a century ago, is now a sprawl of industrial plants, stretching into the surrounding desert, that supply the U.S. market. Multinationals in the Baja California city manufacture everything from Coca-Cola drinks to Apple smartphone chips and sections of Boeing's latest jet airliners. "The assembly plant industry is at risk, and the operations of the whole productive sector," Llantada said. Residents took to social media to pass on information about where to find fuel, with some braving long lines to cross the border to Calexico, California, to fill up their vehicles. Leticia Tellaeche, 62, said she was angry with the government for raising prices and with the protesters for making the situation worse. "They should let the gasoline through, don't be fools. We know that whatever they do the prices are not coming down," said Tellaeche, adding that she had taken to using a bicycle. (Reporting by David Alire Garcia and Lizbeth Diaz; Editing by Peter Cooney, Toni Reinhold) Next In Commodities Despite Saudi signals, OPEC unlikely to deliver all promised oil cuts LONDON/ABU DHABI OPEC is unlikely to deliver fully on its target to cut production despite Saudi Arabia saying it had trimmed more than it had committed to, OPEC delegates say, but compliance of 80 percent would be good and as low as 50 percent acceptable. Exclusive: Venezuela's PDVSA sees 2017 oil output stuck near historic lows - document CARACAS Venezuelan state energy company PDVSA projects oil production will remain near 23-year lows in 2017, an internal document shows, suggesting more hardship ahead for the crisis-wrought OPEC member country. Egypt eases strategic grains import regulations CAIRO/ABU DHABI Egypt, the world's largest grain importer, is streamlining its import procedures and establishing a registry of companies that will inspect potential purchases abroad, the Trade Ministry said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mexico's Pemex says protests cause 'critical' border city fuel shortage By Reuters Published: 17:19 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 17:19 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail MEXICO CITY, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Mexico's oil company, Pemex, is struggling to supply gas stations around the northern border city of Mexicali because of a blockade at a storage site, part of a wave of sometimes violent protests and looting over a gasoline price hike. In a post on its Twitter page, Pemex said its ability to supply gas stations in Mexicali, just across the border from California, had reached "critical levels" because of the blockade of its key local storage plant. "No gas stations have any inventory," said Rodrigo Llantada, president of the regional chapter of industry chamber Coparmex, adding the blockade began on Wednesday. Protests since the Jan. 1 double-digit fuel price spike have exposed deep anger with President Enrique Pena Nieto over rising living costs fanned by a slump in the peso currency following Republican Donald Trump's U.S. presidential victory. Protesters have looted dozens of gas stations and supermarkets across the country. Nearly 2,000 people have been arrested for suspected involvement in related property damage and violence. On Saturday, a truck drove into a line of federal police, injuring five, during clashes at another blockaded storage terminal in Baja California, while local media reported that shots were fired during protests on Sunday in the city of Nogales, across the border from Arizona. The government has defended the hike as necessary to end subsidies on fuels through a gradual, year-long price liberalization that will free up resources for social spending. Mexicali, a one-time agricultural outpost built up by Chinese immigrants a century ago, is now a sprawl of industrial plants stretching into the surrounding desert that supply the U.S. market. Multinationals in the Baja California city manufacture everything from Coca-Cola drinks to Apple smartphone chips and sections of Boeing's latest jet airliners. "The assembly plant industry is at risk, and the operations of the whole productive sector," Llantada said. Residents took to social media to pass on information about where to find fuel, with some braving long lines to cross the border to Calexico, California, to fill up their vehicles. Leticia Tellaeche, 62, said she was angry both with the government for raising prices and with the protesters for making the situation worse. "They should let the gasoline through, don't be fools, we know that whatever they do the prices are not coming down," said Tellaeche, adding she had taken to using a bicycle to save fuel. (Reporting by David Alire Garcia and Lizbeth Garcia; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel and Peter Cooney) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Southwest Airlines Announces Executive Promotions Tom Nealon Named President; Mike Van de Ven Elevated to Chief Operating Officer News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Jan 10, 2017, 16:30 ET Share this article DALLAS, Jan. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary C. Kelly today announced changes to the Company's executive Leadership ranks with Thomas M. Nealon named as President and Michael G. Van de Ven named as the airline's Chief Operating Officer. These changes are effective immediately. In his role as President, Nealon, 55, will report to Kelly and have responsibility for the Commercial, Finance, Technology, Corporate Delivery, and Corporate Strategy departments. Commercial and Finance functions will transition to Nealon later this year. Nealon re-joined Southwest a year ago as Executive Vice President Strategy & Innovation. He had previously been a member of Southwest's Board of Directors from 2010-2015 and also served as Southwest's Chief Information Officer from 2002-2006. Nealon began his career in 1983 and in addition to Southwest has worked in a variety of roles for Frito-Lay, The Feld Group and JCPenney. Throughout his career, Nealon has held a wide range of executive roles, including, technology, e-commerce, strategy, digital ventures, and innovation. He currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors for the Fossil Group. As Chief Operating Officer, Van de Ven, 55, also will report to Kelly and expand his operational responsibilities, by adding Customer Support & Services, Hospitality, and the Company's President's Council. Van de Ven's current responsibilities for Ground Operations, Air Operations (Inflight, Flight Operations, and Network Operations Control), Technical Operations, Safety & Security, Labor Relations, and Operational Strategy & Performance will continue. Van de Ven is a 23-year veteran of Southwest and has served in various leadership positions in Internal Audit, Finance, and, for the last 11 years, Operations. In addition to Operations, his experience has included financial planning; fleet planning; operational support and analytics; and network planning. Prior to joining Southwest, he worked for Ernst & Young. He currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors for Comerica Bank. Other leadership changes and announcements are: Greg Wells has been promoted to Executive Vice President Daily Operations, reporting to Van de Ven. Wells will be responsible for Ground, Air, and Technical operations; he also will oversee the airline's Hospitality efforts and the systemwide President's Council, which focuses on operational policies, services, and innovations. Wells will continue in his role as the Company's Emergency Director and oversee the airline's response efforts to various emergency events such as an aircraft incident/accident, natural disaster, or global terror event. Andrew Watterson has been promoted to Senior Vice President & Chief Revenue Officer, and will assume additional responsibilities for the Customer Relations & Rapid Rewards Department. He will continue to report to Bob Jordan, Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer, and also lead the Business Development, Revenue Management & Pricing, and Network Planning departments. Steve Goldberg has been promoted to Senior Vice President Ground Operations & Provisioning and will report to Wells. The airline's Provisioning operations will move from Cabin Services to Ground Operations and report to Goldberg. Vice President Labor Relations Michael Ryan has announced his retirement effective March 1, 2017, and Russell McCrady has been named Vice President to succeed him in that role and will report to Van de Ven. Kelly, 61, has been with Southwest for 30 years and CEO for the last 12 years. He continues in his role as CEO and as the Chairman of Southwest's Board of Directors. In addition to overseeing the business and operations of the airline, Kelly's focus will be in external areas including political, governmental and industry affairs; investor relationships; and community affairs and outreach; and internally on Employee and Culture activities. "I am very excited to announce these executive changes, which will position us well to support our People and to collectively serve both our Customers and our Shareholders," Kelly said. "It is important for us to evolve our Leadership structure as part of our ongoing succession planning process. We are fortunate to have such a deep bench of gifted Leaders, and these changes will allow for continued executive development, as individuals, and as a team. I am excited about our future and our numerous opportunities, and I look forward to working with this team for years to come." William Cunningham, Ph.D., Presiding Director of Southwest's Board of Directors, said: "On behalf of the Southwest Board, let me say we are delighted with these moves and very supportive of Gary and his team. We know Tom and Mike well, and they are very deserving of these new roles. Gary's leadership has helped write an unprecedented and wildly successful chapter for Southwest. He and the Leadership team have had to guide the Company and its 52,000 Warriors through significant change to remain competitive, job secure, and prosperous—and emerge with the corporate soul still intact. This was no easy task, and the Board has been impressed by the effort and the outstanding results--for Employees, Customers, and Shareholders, alike." Kelly, Nealon, and Van de Ven, along with the rest of Southwest's Leadership and Employees, will work to deliver on a strategic plan that realizes the Vision to make Southwest the world's most loved, most flown, and most profitable airline. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Subject to requisite governmental approvals, service to Grand Cayman begins June 4, 2017. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free® to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-announces-executive-promotions-300388884.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com Jan 10, 2017, 06:30 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines Reports December Traffic My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 10, 2017, 06:30 ETSouthwest Airlines Reports December Traffic Jan 05, 2017, 08:00 ETSouthwest Airlines Adds New Destinations In The U.S. & Caribbean,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Personnel Announcements You just read: Southwest Airlines Announces Executive Promotions News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Jan 10, 2017, 16:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in ACA replacement 'Obscene' inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Overall crime down in St. Paul last year, focus on guns in 2017 Charge: Stranger molests woman in booth at Stadium Village bar Wild rallies from two-goal deficit to edge Blackhawks Three Minneapolis teens win big with sports gear check-out program Price of admission to Minnesota State Fair is being increased Half Mary? Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past Cowboys 34-31 Buddy Holly band member Tommy Allsup, who saved his life with a coin toss, dies at 85 next Business 410280365 Health care industry quiet as GOP moves quickly to dismantle law The response has been muted from industries that were integral to the creation of the Affordable Care Act in 2010.  By Robert Pear New York Times January 10, 2017 — 4:24pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint   WASHINGTON – The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists, leaving representatives of insurance companies, hospitals, doctors and pharmaceutical makers in disarray and struggling for a response to a legislative quick strike that would upend much of the American health care system. The Senate is expected to take the first step by Thursday morning, approving parliamentary language in a budget resolution that would fast-track a repeal bill that could not be filibustered in the Senate. House and Senate committees would have until Jan. 27 to report out repeal legislation. Health insurance and health care for millions of Americans are at risk. But far from reflecting the magnitude of the moment, the most prominent message from lobbyists that lawmakers saw in their first week back at work was a narrowly focused advertisement from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce demanding the repeal of “Obamacare taxes,” especially an annual fee imposed on health insurance companies to help pay for the expansion of coverage under the health law. “More than 20 million people could lose their health insurance, and states could lose billions of dollars in Medicaid money,” said Kenneth E. Raske, the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association. But, he added, many health care executives “don’t want to get on the wrong side of the new administration or the Republican majority in Congress.” Health care professionals are not totally silent, but industries that were integral to the creation of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 are keeping their voices down as Republicans rush to dismantle it. Some Republican lawmakers are openly fretting about their leaders’ repeal strategy, saying they must develop an Affordable Care Act replacement before they repeal it. Five Republican senators proposed Monday to extend the deadline for drafting repeal legislation by five weeks, until March 3. One of the five, Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee, said the extra time would allow Congress and the Trump administration to “get the policy right” as they try to arrange a smooth transition to a new system of health coverage. But the naysayers are getting no cover from a major lobbying and advertisement blitz like the ones that blanketed the airwaves in 2009 and 2010. To block the repeal effort, said Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, “we need two or three Republicans to join us.” Doctors are telling Congress to proceed with caution, insisting that no one should lose coverage. The American College of Physicians, representing 148,000 specialists in internal medicine, has sent letters to senators urging them to “vote no” this week on the budget resolution. Hospitals were expecting to receive tens of billions of dollars in additional revenue for treating people who were newly insured under the health law, and they are alarmed at the prospect that it may now be repealed. But, they say, if Congress rolls back the expansion of coverage, it must also restore tens of billions of dollars that the health law cut from Medicare payments to hospitals. Top executives from state hospital associations will fly to Washington this week to develop their strategy. Many also plan to visit offices on Capitol Hill, where they will warn of the potential damage if Congress repeals the health law without guaranteeing similar coverage for those who would lose it. A coalition of consumers and liberal advocacy groups is spending more than $2 million on television advertisements urging Congress to stop its attack on the law. The ads, by the Alliance for Healthcare Security, are aimed at a handful of Republican senators, including Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Jeff Flake and John McCain of Arizona, Susan Collins of Maine, Dean Heller of Nevada, Lamar Alexander and Corker of Tennessee, and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia. But by Washington standards, that is a pittance. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, an industry lobbying group, set aside $150 million in 2009 to support the law’s passage. Some lobbyists have tacitly accepted the likelihood that major provisions of the health law will be repealed, setting their sights instead on shaping its replacement. They fear that if they come out strongly in opposition to repealing the law, they will lose their seats at the table as congressional Republicans and the Trump administration negotiate a replacement. For now, passage of the budget resolution this week looks likely. The real fight is expected to come two to three weeks from now, when two House committees and two Senate committees produce legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act and must answer to Republicans who say a replacement measure must be ready at the same time. At least a half-dozen Republican senators have expressed doubts about the Republican leadership strategy of using the budget resolution to fast-track legislation to repeal the law, with a delayed effective date to allow time to find a replacement in the future. “Repeal and replacement should take place simultaneously,” Corker said last week. Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas said on MSNBC, “It would not be the right path for us to repeal Obamacare without laying out a path forward.” Members of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus are also pressing leaders to embrace a replacement bill before they eviscerate the existing law. And that concern is not confined to Congress. Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican, has also warned Congress against repealing the law without a replacement. What, he has asked, will happen to the 700,000 people who have gained coverage under the expansion of Medicaid in Ohio? Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., said that he spoke Friday with President-elect Donald Trump, and that Trump agreed a replacement measure must be ready. “I think he consistently has said, and I think many people who look at this say, ‘Gosh, you’re going to repeal this huge, dramatic thing and not have a replacement on the same day?’” Paul said Monday. “I mean, doesn’t make a lot of sense to do that.” Many of the lobbyists who might have slowed the process appear flummoxed, in part because they were expecting Hillary Clinton to win the election. Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy, said they were afraid to speak out because they feared that Trump would attack them on Twitter, as he has badgered Boeing, Ford, General Motors, Lockheed Martin and Toyota. Marilyn B. Tavenner, the chief executive of the leading lobby for insurers, America’s Health Insurance Plans, is in a particularly awkward position. As an Obama administration official from 2010 to 2015, she led work on the health law, issued rules to carry it out and often defended it on Capitol Hill. In December 2015, Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin pointed to her as an example of how federal officials passed through a revolving door to work for companies they once regulated. “If the insurance industry does not understand how Obamacare works, why not hire the person who ran it?” Ryan said in a gibe at Tavenner that drew laughter from his audience at the Library of Congress. Tavenner said the requirement for people to have insurance — the individual mandate — was likely to be eliminated. But, she said, to stabilize the market, Congress should maintain “subsidies for low- and moderate-income individuals to purchase insurance and financial help for plans that enroll high-cost individuals, through at least Jan. 1, 2019.” She is also asking Congress to kill the tax on insurers, which has already been suspended for 2017. Kaiser Permanente, the managed care company that serves more than 10 million people, declined to comment specifically on Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Instead, it offered a statement of general principles saying that people should have access to health care and that “we must continue to accommodate those who have preexisting conditions.” George C. Halvorson, a former chief executive of Kaiser Permanente, said insurers were guarded in their comments because the current environment was “extremely politicized.” He predicted they would have more to say when Congress turns to the task of devising a replacement for the law. “You need to make your point when it will have optimal impact,” Halvorson said. Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association have been more active and outspoken. They support changes to the health care law because, they say, premiums and deductibles are too high and commercial insurers have been dropping out of the public insurance marketplaces. One-third of counties in the United States have only one insurer offering coverage in the marketplace, they say, and in many cases, it is a Blue Cross plan. But Blue Cross lobbyists expressed alarm that Congress or a federal court might eliminate the cost-sharing subsidies that the government pays insurers to reduce out-of-pocket costs for low-income people. Without these payments, Blue Cross wrote in a primer delivered to congressional offices, consumers will see “significant premium increases in 2018, making coverage even more unaffordable for millions of working Americans.” While defenders of the Affordable Care Act try to figure out a strategy, conservative groups are pressing hard for full repeal of the law as soon as possible. Among them are Heritage Action for America, an offshoot of the Heritage Foundation, and Freedom Partners, a conservative group backed by billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Trump's inauguration raises stakes, hopes in rural Minn. Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Charge: Stranger molests woman in booth at Stadium Village bar 'Obscene' inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in ACA replacement Wild rallies from two-goal deficit to edge Blackhawks More From Business National 8:05pm PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. National 7:05pm Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies Democrats staged across the country to highlight opposition. National 6:36pm Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks The Slants aren't exactly a household name when it comes to music, but the Asian-American rock band has certainly made its mark in the legal world. National 4:50pm John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Two of John Lewis' books have sold out on Amazon after the Democratic congressman claimed the top spots on the retailer's best-seller list. Business 4:28pm College debt poses big challenge to would-be entrepreneurs Start-ups are trailing off as graduates wrestle with significant debt payments. Top Stories Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in ACA replacement 12 minutes ago 'Obscene' inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 26 minutes ago Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept 7:39pm Most Read For Twin Cities home buyers this year, what matters most is speed • Business A lesson on why individual incentive programs don't work • Business A sign of the times: St. Paul sign painter keeps craft alive • Business College debt poses big challenge to would-be entrepreneurs • Business Insurers puzzle over health law limbo • Business World Pope demands protection for migrants as sea search continues Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Nation What happens between now and Ringling's closure in May? Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Politics Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild rallies from two-goal deficit to edge Blackhawks After tremendous first half, Wild opens second half tonight in Chicago Wolves Lethargic Wolves fall to Mavs after winning three straight Postgame: Wolves' winning streak ends in Dallas Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Ryan leads Falcons to NFC title game, beating Seattle 36-20 Celebrities Lucasfilm shoots down talk that it will re-create Princess Leia digitally in new films The sad tale behind legendary Marilyn Monroe image poll Poll: Which Wild home jerseys do you like better? 10,000 Takes Living with parents? This Concordia University student is glad she never left His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Ilhan Omar begins term as first Somali-American legislator 02:53 A ceremonial swearing in was staged at the Capitol for supporters after legislators ... Taste From Swedish pancakes to Irish rarebit, the 13 most popular recipes of 2016 Going, going, gone: 113-year dining tradition ending in downtown Minneapolis StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska A Study of India Business Jets Market 2016 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 10, 2017, 12:12 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Jan. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Executive Summary In the first six months of 2016, global business jets shipment fell by 4.3% to reach 292 as compared with 3025 jets in the same period in 2015. Overall 2016 is expected to be a year of slow growth for the business jets industry caused largely by decreasing demand from emerging countries due to economic difficulties in Europe, China, and Brazil coupled withfalling prices. It forecasted that the next decade will see a global demand of 9,100 business jets valued at USD 259 billion. This is the total market value of the sector and is projected to grow at 3% CAGR annually over the next decade. Over the last decade, a total of 8,190 business jets were delivered, amounting to USD 198 billion. Globally, the United States continues to be the strongest market for business jets and is expected to remain so for the coming decade. The US market has been resilient despite the oil price plunge. At present India has over 250 business jets, of which 130 are private aircrafts, owned by owned primarily by successful business men including Mukesh Ambani, Nita Ambani, Ratan Tata, Lakshmi Mittal and Anil Ambani. It is predicted that India will have close to 1,340 private planes in the next 20 years. Even though India is a strong growth market, the business jets industry is still in its nascent stage. The private jet fleet in the country has recorded a compound annual growth rate of 8% over the past eight years, but still the fleet size is very less when compared with the leading private jet markets such as North America. Currently, India outnumbers both China and Japan when it comes to the number of private jets. Most Indians who can afford a private jet refrain from buying one due to the infrastructural challenges, high costs and maintenance. However, the situation is now changing and more rich Indians are opting to fly on private jets. Why should the report be purchased? The report 'A Study of India's Business Jets Market 2016' highlights key drivers of and trends emerging in the global business jet market. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector has been examined in detail. Key global players in the business jets industry including Gulfstream Aerospace Corp., Bombardier Inc., Cessna Aircraft, Honeywell International Inc., Embraer S.A., Boeing and Dassault Aviation have been profiled. The report contains latest industry leader's opinion. Research methodology and delivery time Smart Research Insights has conducted in depth secondary research to arrive at key insights. Data collected from key public industry sources and publications has been scanned and analyzed impartially to present a clear picture of the industry. All recent developments which impact the sector dynamics have been captured and used to support the research hypothesis. The report is available as single-site single-user license. The delivery time for the electronic version of the report is 2 business day as each copy undergoes thorough quality check and is updated with the most recent information available. The dispatch time for hard copies 3 business days, as each hard copy is custom printed for the client. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04515929-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/a-study-of-india-business-jets-market-2016-300388730.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Jan 10, 2017, 12:15 ET Preview: Global Spinal Cord Partnering 2010 to 2016 Jan 10, 2017, 12:09 ET Preview: South Korea Ophthalmic Devices Market Outlook to 2022 - Cataract Surgery Devices, Intraocular Lens (IOL), Vitreo Retinal Surgery Devices, Glaucoma Surgery Devices, Ophthalmic Lasers, Ophthalmic Diagnostic Equipment and Vision Care My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 12, 2017, 16:04 ETSimulation and Test Data Management Market: North America Region... Jan 12, 2017, 16:02 ETHealth and Fitness Market Report - Focus on Clubs and Equipment -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: A Study of India Business Jets Market 2016 News provided by Reportlinker Jan 10, 2017, 12:12 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Clarivate Analytics Names 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators Clarivate Analytics Names 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators dinsdag 10 januari 2017 17:45 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire Top 100 most innovative companies shift focus from quantity to quality PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Clarivate Analytics, formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters, today announced its highly anticipated list of 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators. The report honors the most innovative corporations and institutions in the world as determined by the robust analysis of unique and proprietary data. The company also unveiled its new brand identity following the sale of the business to Onex Corporation and Baring Private Equity Asia in October 2016. http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/455613/clarivate_logo_for_press_release_Logo.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/455613/clarivate_logo_for_press_release_Logo.jpg] Now in its sixth year, the 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators report reveals a prominent shift in strategy among the world's top innovators. Notably, the volume of patents filed has decreased while grant rates have increased. That trend, combined with a significant commitment to R&D spending, showcases an increased commitment to quality over quantity for commercializing new inventions. Together, the firms on the list generated more than $4 trillion revenue in 2015 and spent more than $227 billion on research and development. On average, the 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators invest 9.1 percent more in R&D than those in the S&P 100, underlining the importance they place on innovation. This year's study also revealed wider diversification within the patent portfolios of the top innovators. Canon, General Electric and Hitachi are investing significantly in medical devices, while Google is developing a self-driving car and Amazon is actively involved in drone technology. The data in this year's report show the path to innovation is no longer a straight line. "Today marks a milestone for Clarivate Analytics as we journey towards the future with the publication of our Top 100 Global Innovators report under our new brand identity," said Jay Nadler, CEO. "We believe the power of innovation is a fundamental driver of economic well-being, competitive advantage and success, which represents the heart of our business - to accelerate the pace of innovation. Using insights from the Web of Science, Derwent and Cortellis, our Top 100 Global Innovators methodology is purely data-based and eliminates any ambiguity as to what makes an organization innovative. So, we congratulate those who have made meaningful gains to usher in the next era of global innovation." The Clarivate Analytics 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators methodology is the only objective analysis of patent volume, patent-grant success rates, global reach and invention influence to identify without bias the world's most innovative organizations. The Clarivate Analytics 2016 Top 100 Global Innovators are: 3M Company Fujitsu Nokia Abbott Laboratories General Electric Novartis Advanced Micro Devices Google (now Alphabet Inc.) NTT Air Products Hitachi NXP Semiconductors Aisin Seiki Honda Motor Olympus Alstom Honeywell International Omron Amazon Huawei Oracle Analog Devices IFP Energies Nouvelles Panasonic Apple Intel Philips Arkema InterDigital Qualcomm BASF Johnson & Johnson Renesas Bayer Johnson Controls Roche Becton Dickinson JTEKT Safran Boeing Kawasaki Heavy Industries Saint-Gobain Boston Scientific Kobe Steel Samsung Electronics Bridgestone Komatsu Seagate Bristol-Myers Squibb Kyocera Seiko Epson Broadcom LG Electronics Shin-Etsu Chemical Cannon Lockheed Martin Showa Denko Chevron LSIS Sony CNRS, French National Center for Scientific Research Makita Corporation Sumitomo Electric CEA Marvell Symantec Corning MediaTek TE Connectivity Daikin Industries Medtronic Thales Delphi Automotive Merck Toshiba Dolby Laboratories Micron Total S.A. Dow Chemical Company Microsoft Toyota Motor DuPont Mitsubishi Heavy Industries University of California Emerson Electric NEC Valeo Ericsson Nike Xerox Exxon Mobil Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Xilinx Fraunhofer Nissan Motor Yamaha Fujifilm Nitto Denko Yaskawa Electric Yazaki For more information on the 2016 Clarivate Analytics Top 100 Global Innovators program and to download the report, visit: http://top100innovators.stateofinnovation.com/ [http://top100innovators.stateofinnovation.com/]. For a visual glance of this year's Top 100 Global Innovators visit: http://top100innovators.stateofinnovation.com/content/top-100-global-innovators-infographic [http://top100innovators.stateofinnovation.com/content/top-100-global-innovators-infographic]. Clarivate Analytics Clarivate((TM)) Analytics accelerates the pace of innovation by providing trusted insights and analytics to customers around the world, enabling them to discover, protect and commercialize new ideas faster. Formerly the Intellectual Property and Science business of Thomson Reuters, we own and operate a collection of leading subscription-based businesses focused on scientific and academic research, patent analytics and regulatory standards, pharmaceutical and biotech intelligence, trademark protection, domain brand protection and intellectual property management. Clarivate((TM)) Analytics is now an independent company with over 4,000 employees, operating in more than 100 countries and owns well‐known brands that include Web of Science(TM), Cortellis(TM), Thomson Innovation(TM), Derwent World Patents Index(TM), CompuMark(TM), MarkMonitor(®) and Techstreet(TM), among others. For more information, please visit Clarivate.com [http://ipscience.thomsonreuters.com/]. Logo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/455613/clarivate_logo_for_press_release_Logo.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/455613/clarivate_logo_for_press_release_Logo.jpg] Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/455613/clarivate_logo_for_press_release_Logo.jpghttp://mma.prnewswire.com/media/455613/clarivate_logo_for_press_release_Logo.jpg Clarivate Analytics CONTACT: Media Contacts: Heidi Siegel, Clarivate Analytics, Director,External Relations, +1 215 823 5646 (o), +1 215 356 4504 (m),heidi.siegel@tr.com or Jennifer Figueroa, Clarivate Analytics, MediaRelations, +1 203 824 6261, jennifer.figueroa@tr.com PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Level 3 Opens Asia Pacific DDoS Scrubbing Centers in Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore zondag 15 januari 2017 19:01 In een onzekere wereld de weg vinden met een voet op het gaspedaal zondag 15 januari 2017 06:02 Zedra neemt Interconsult over als deel van haar snelle groeiplannen zaterdag 14 januari 2017 10:01 Lexus and Valerian Star Dane DeHaan Preview Single Seater Craft 'SKYJET' in Miami vrijdag 13 januari 2017 17:12 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > QYResearch Report Tweet   Global Electric Aircraft Market Research Report 2017 professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Electric Aircraft industry. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 10, 2017 ) Ask a sample report, please email to: lynne@qyresearch.com http://qyresearchglobal.com/ The Global And China Electric Aircraft Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Electric Aircraft industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Electric Aircraft market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added. Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. Whats more, the Electric Aircraft industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Manufacturer covering， Raytheon Honeywell International Safran Airbus Boeing Thales Group United Technologies Bombardier Zodiac Aerospace .......... Ask a sample report, please email to: lynne@qyresearch.com http://qyresearchglobal.com/ Key Topics Covered:  Chapter One Industry Overview of Electric Aircraft Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Four Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Electric Aircraft by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Five Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Electric Aircraft by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Six Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Electric Aircraft by Regions, Types and Applications Chapter Seven Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Eight Major Manufacturers Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Ten Industry Chain Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Eleven Development Trend of Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Electric Aircraft Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the Global Electric Aircraft Industry 2017 Market Research Report Related Reports: Japan Electric Aircraft Industry Market Research Report 2017 China Electric Aircraft Industry Market Research Report 2017 Europe Electric Aircraft Industry Market Research Report 2017 United States Electric Aircraft Industry Market Research Report 2017 India Electric Aircraft Industry Market Research Report 2017 Note:We also offer Germany/Korea/Australia/Brazil/Russia/India/Indonesia/Malaysia/Europe/Asia/Asia-Pacific/North America/Latin America/South America/AMER/EMEA/Africa etc Countries/Regions and Sales/Industry Versions Respectively Thank you so much for reading the article. If you are interested in the report or have any question, please feel free to contact me. Looking forward to your email. Lynne | Sr. Manager  Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: http://qyresearchglobal.com/ Contact Information: QYResearch Report Lynne Law Tel: 8622093278 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp CAL inks deal with Airbus to assist aircraft servicing BRANCHING OUT:Carriers must diversify into other areas to cope with rising competition and low airfare margins of between 3 and 5 percent, a CAL official said By Ted Chen  /  Staff reporter Executives and officials gesture at a groundbreaking ceremony for the Taiwan Aircraft Maintenance and Engineering Co Ltd facility in Taoyuan County yesterday. Photo: Wang I-hung, Taipei Times China Airlines Ltd (CAL, 中華航空) yesterday inked a memorandum of understanding with Airbus Group SE, as the nation’s biggest carrier prepares to venture into the aviation maintenance, repair and overhaul market. Under the terms of the agreement, Airbus is to bolster CAL’s technical capacity in servicing the A350 XWB, A320 and A330/A340 families of aircraft as well as develop new business solutions. The two companies have set their sights on evaluating the feasibility of extending the aircraft retrofitting and cabin and frame modification businesses to Taiwan, CAL said. Airbus is also to provide support for CAL’s engineering and technical training capabilities in Taiwan and to obtain the required certifications, the carrier said. The companies said that they are also evaluating the benefits of having Satair Group and other Airbus affiliates become key parts suppliers for CAL. “As there are not many other carriers that have added the Airbus A350 in Asia, we aim to be among the first movers in opportunities related to the new aircraft,” CAL chairman Ho Nuan-hsuan (何煖軒) told reporters at a news conference in Taoyuan. Given the location and ongoing development of the Taoyuan Aerotropolis Project, Taiwan is well-positioned to become a major aircraft servicing hub, and tap a global market that is estimated to expand to US$86.9 billion this year from 2014’s US$57.7 billion, Ho said, citing industry studies. Asia is expected to see the strongest growth momentum, he added. Carriers must diversify into other areas to cope with rising competition and low airfare margins of between 3 and 5 percent, Ho said. “The success of EVA Airways Corp’s (長榮航空) aircraft maintenance partnership with Boeing Co is a prime example of what might be achieved by its Taiwanese peers,” Ho said. CAL yesterday also held a groundbreaking ceremony for a new facility that is to be operated by Taiwan Aircraft Maintenance and Engineering Co Ltd (台灣飛機維修), its fully-owned subsidiary that was established in January last year. Set to be completed in March next year, the facility is designed to hold as many as five Airbus jetliners for servicing. In related news, TransAsia Airways Corp (復興航空) said that its fleet of 11 aircraft would be sold at auction next month, with delivery scheduled to take place in March or April as the company carries out plans to dissolve its business. TransAsia said that it has observed all regulatory requirements in its dissolution and would pay NT$10,000 bonus to each of its 1,735 employees, in addition to the NT$600 million fund it plans to distribute among them for severance compensation, pending approval from its shareholders. The company denied it had made contact with FAT Taiwan Inc (遠東航空) regarding buyout and restructuring plans. However, the improved compensation offer failed to end disputes with the company’s workers’ union, with some members yesterday storming into the Ministry of Labor compound to express their anger. This story has been viewed 2572 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-01-09 to 2017-01-16 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Burden of security as pro-China tactics rise 2 USING IDIOMS 活用成語 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Bitcoin plunges 20 percent 比特幣暴跌百分之二十 5 Keelung City offers million-dollar rewards for reporting environmental violations 基隆檢舉水污染 窩裡反獎金最高千萬 MORE  1 KMT accuses Tsai Ing-wen of seeking to manipulate public on independence 2 ‘One China’ being negotiated: Trump 3 US military club reopened on Yangmingshan 4 Groups protest use of Hanyu pinyin for new MRT line 5 Delegation must interact with, thank Trump, Tsai says MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Can You Sign Up For Military With A Tattoo? Air Force Changes Ink Policy To Improve Recruiting By Greg Price @GP_IBTimes On 01/10/17 AT 11:09 AM Close In an attempt not to disqualify potential candidates because of their “ink,” the Air Force announced a new tattoo policy for current and future airmen while also nixing the long-standing “25 percent” rule, the military branch said in a press release Tuesday morning. The new, looser policy follows the Air Force’s announcement of a review of the policy in April of last year, marking its first change since 2010, Air Force Times reported. Previously, senior personnel had the power to determine how “excessive” a tattoo might be in size and if it violated the 25 percent rule, which said no tattoos could cover 25 percent or more of an exposed body part that could be viewed while in uniform, other than training gear. "As part of our effort to attract and retain as many qualified Airmen as possible we periodically review our accessions policies,” Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said in a statement. “In this instance, we identified specific changes we can make to allow more members of our nation to serve without compromising quality. As a next step in this evolution, we are opening the aperture on certain medical accession criteria and tattoos while taking into account our needs for worldwide deployability and our commitment to the profession of arms." The review, which focused on the findings of Air Force field recruiters, found that nearly half of “contacts, applicants and recruits” already had tattoos, and one in five of that group had tattoos that may have been considered questionable or would require approval. The new policy, as seen in the released graphic below, allows for tattoos anywhere on the body with the exception of the face, neck, head, tongue, lips or scalp, as well as the hands. However, airmen with small tattoos on their hands that were previously authorized under the old policy can still have them. Related Stories Trump Blasts Boeing For Air Force One Cost ‘The Song Doesn't Represent Me At All’ Tattoos that reflect gang, extremist or supremacist groups, or anything depicting discrimination towards someone’s sexuality, race, ethnicity or religious affiliation are also prohibited. The new policy will go into effect Feb. 1. In March of last year, the Navy also eased its tattoo policy with sailors allowed to have ink on their necks and even full sleeves, making it the most “lenient” branch in the military, according to Navy Times. Tattoos are allowed in the blue areas, but prohibited in the white. Photo: Courtesy U.S. Air Force Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Let the Lobbying Begin Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donate Subscribe Search Newsletter Magazine Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate Let the Lobbying Begin Kevin DrumJan. 10, 2017 10:35 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Sure, Donald Trump may be a man-child with at least betting odds of destroying the world, but who cares? On K Street, it's time to par-tay: Oil and gas firms are pressing to roll back federal regulations on drilling. Verizon Inc. and other large telecommunications firms want changes to the Obama administration’s net neutrality rules. Airlines are seeking stronger enforcement of an aviation agreement that they believe favors foreign carriers on the most prized international routes. Boeing Co., Lockheed Martin Corp. and other defense contractors are scrambling to protect against cuts in the Pentagon’s budget....McDonald’s Corp., Choice Hotels International Inc. and other restaurant, hotel and retail companies are pushing to overturn an Obama administration decision to make it easier for unions to organize employees at franchises like McDonald’s. This is called "draining the swamp," folks. Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous:Quote of the Day: Trump Should Tweet More Clearly Next:Redshirting Your Kindergartner Probably Isn't Worth It Kevin Drum Kevin is a political blogger for Mother Jones. Email Kevin calpundit@cox.net. For more of his stories, click here or follow him on Facebook. Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. view comments About Us | Store Donate | Subscribe Customer Service Advertise Copyright ©2017 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
Business Chicago investment firm wins big bankrolling other people's lawsuits Travis Lenkner Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune Travis Lenkner, a managing director of Gerchen Keller Capital, is photographed Jan. 3, 2017, in the firm's Chicago offices. The firm has been acquired by a London-based rival. Travis Lenkner, a managing director of Gerchen Keller Capital, is photographed Jan. 3, 2017, in the firm's Chicago offices. The firm has been acquired by a London-based rival. (Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune) Robert ChannickContact ReporterChicago Tribune When Chicago investment firm Gerchen Keller Capital launched in 2013, it carved out an unusual and controversial niche — bankrolling multimillion-dollar commercial lawsuits in return for a share of any judgment or settlement. It was a gamble that paid off big for Gerchen Keller, now a major player in the growing field of litigation finance, and its three 30-something principals. Gerchen Keller was acquired last month by its rival, London-based Burford Capital, for $160 million, forming a litigation finance behemoth with a combined $1.2 billion invested in active commercial lawsuits. "In hindsight, our timing was perfect," said Travis Lenkner, 37, a Gerchen Keller managing director who will hold the same position at Burford. "That was a little less obvious at the time." Nearly nonexistent in the U.S. a decade ago, litigation finance has turned contingency fees — once the exclusive province of personal injury lawyers — into an institutional investment platform. Funders develop portfolios of cases based on their likelihood of success, and pay off investors with a percentage of any proceeds. Law firms and businesses reduce the risk of costly litigation by taking on a financial partner. The deal may signify a coming of age for the litigation financing industry, according to Maya Steinitz, a professor at the University of Iowa College of Law and a litigation finance expert. "It shows growth and normalization of an industry that was very controversial a few years ago and has really become mainstream," Steinitz said. Among its current cases, Gerchen Keller committed nearly $50 million for a U.K. class-action suit filed in September against MasterCard over high fees charged consumers. The suit seeks more than $17 billion in what is being billed as the largest damages claim in British history. Gerchen Keller manages litigation funds for institutional investors such as state public pensions, university endowments and private foundations. "We looked like a private equity fund in the sense of raising capital from third parties and then managing that capital as an investment adviser," Lenkner said. The firm launched nearly four years ago with $100 million in capital commitments, and expertise that bridged the gap between finance and law, according to Lenkner, a former U.S. Supreme Court law clerk who previously served as a senior counsel with Chicago-based Boeing. It has grown into a 20-person Chicago office comprised mostly of lawyers and finance professionals, who vet the risk and reward of prospective cases. The firm has invested in more than 90 cases since its inception, a "very small, single-digit percentage of the number of opportunities we've considered," Lenkner said. Adam Gerchen, a former hedge fund manager at Chicago-based Alyeska Investment Group, and Ashley Keller, a former partner at Chicago law firm Bartlit Beck, co-founded Gerchen Keller with Lenkner. All three will continue in Chicago-based executive roles post-merger. Gerchen Keller was projected to generate an estimated $15.4 million in income and an operating profit of $9.1 million in 2016. Burford, publicly traded on London's AIM exchange, reported $103 million in income and a $77.2 million operating profit in 2015, according to financial statements. While litigation finance operated "in the shadows" for decades, Steinitz traces the "global big bang" of the industry back to 2000, when Australia changed its laws to enable third-party financing of class-action suits, followed by the U.K. in 2006. In the U.S., third-party litigation financing is legal in some states but not in others, Steinitz said. In addition, the practice has raised ethical concerns within the legal profession. "It places lawyers in a conflict of interest, because they have their client, who they're supposed to take direction from, but there's this other third party that's actually paying their bills," Steinitz said. The industry was imported to the U.S. in the wake of the Great Recession, as law firms and clients sought alternative litigation financing options, Steinitz said. Critics remain, however, such as Lisa Rickard, president of the U.S. Chamber Institute for Legal Reform, who said in a recent article in British magazine Financier Worldwide that third-party litigation funding may lead to the filing of speculative lawsuits, prolong cases and frustrate settlements. It is an argument Lenkner rejects. "Our underwriting function ultimately reduces the volume of litigation out there, because we certainly are not in the business of funding frivolous litigation or litigation we don't think will be successful," he said. Despite the firm's acumen and profitable track record, Lenkner said Gerchen Keller has bet on its share of losing cases. "We've lost," he said. "If we never lost, we wouldn't be taking enough risk." rchannick@chicagotribune.com Twitter @RobertChannick Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune University of Iowa Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 31°
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 4:17pm EST Airbus gets leasing boost as it tots up new orders A picture shows the logo of Airbus Group at the site in Suresnes, near Paris, France, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh | PARIS/SHANGHAI PARIS/SHANGHAI Airbus (AIR.PA) won a $3.8 billion order from U.S leasing company Aviation Capital Group and industry sources said it may land another $4 billion in new business from the leasing arm of China's Bank of Communications (601328.SS). The trades emerged on the eve of an annual news conference at which Airbus will reveal whether it accumulated the 278 orders needed to maintain a lead over rival Boeing and replenish its own order book, by keeping up with increased deliveries. Depending on when it was signed, the ACG order brings to over 300 the number of potential orders that could end up on Airbus's order books in December, keeping it ahead in its fierce annual order race with Boeing even though it lags on deliveries. ACG, the aircraft leasing arm of Pacific Life Insurance, said on Tuesday it had ordered 35 narrow-body jets including 30 of the latest version of the A320 family, the A320neo. It also ordered two current-generation A320s and three of the existing version of the A321. Such an order would be worth a total $3.8 billion at list prices. Airbus declined comment ahead of Wednesday's event. Industry sources said earlier Airbus may win an order for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing. The Chinese company did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus needs to report 278 orders for December to meet a goal of matching its deliveries, which rose by an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. Between January and November, it notched up 410 net orders and 577 deliveries. Its finance chief has predicted more than 670 deliveries in 2016 and at least as many new orders. In addition to the potential Chinese leasing order, industry sources say Airbus is expected to finalize an order for 72 jets from India's GoAir and has finalised an order worth $6.4 billion for over 60 jets from Saudi carrier flynas. However, while adding to the 2016 Airbus tally, the Saudi carrier may only be identified separately at a later date. Airbus is also expected to book at least part of an order for 100 jets from Iran, the first of which is scheduled to leave Europe on Wednesday for a ceremony in Tehran on Thursday. Boeing said last week it delivered 748 aircraft in 2016 and took 668 net orders for the year. On Tuesday, it said it had won an order worth $300 million for three 737 aircraft from South Korea's Jeju Air. (Additional reporting by Alexander Cornwell; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta/Ruth Pitchford) Next In Aerospace & Defense U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Trump team struggles for cohesion on tougher China policy WASHINGTON The incoming U.S. administration’s tough talk against China has set the stage for showdowns on everything from security to trade and cyberspace, but contradictory signals are sowing uncertainty over how far President-elect Donald Trump is prepared to go in confronting Beijing. Airbus versus Boeing: Iran deals the difference in plane battle PARIS Over the past two decades, planemakers Airbus and Boeing have traded the crown in the annual orders race, and it was usually clear who had bragging rights in the fiercely competitive $120 billion annual jet market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump team rang EU and asked ‘What country is leaving next?’ Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis China’s Xi set for star turn at Davos gathering The EU 27’s message to Brexit Britain Facebook rolls out fake-news filtering service to Germany US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump team rang EU and asked ‘What country is leaving next?’ Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis A week in the life of presidential apprentice Donald Trump Facebook rolls out fake-news filtering service to Germany Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the murky history of ‘kompromat’ Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Drugmakers alarmed by Trump pricing threat Wall Street wins big from Trump transition SpaceX mounts a comeback with successful rocket launch BlackRock demands end to excessive executive pay UK blue chips could clear pension holes with one year’s dividends Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Hard Brexit and Trump trade dictate market outlook Pound endures volatile trading on prospect of hard Brexit Why high-flying tech stocks could keep their altitude Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Hedge funds slug it out over Puerto Rico debt Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read A week in the life of presidential apprentice Donald Trump Obama and the audacity of hindsight Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the murky history of ‘kompromat’ The addictive, divisive iPhone is a fitting tribute to Steve Jobs US election: Trump’s Russian riddle Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Is heart rate-reading watch set to defy wearables slowdown? ‘Death by overwork’ in Japan exposes dangers of overtime culture ‘Manbassadors’: Male MBAs aim to put an end to sexism at work Apologies: how getting them right makes you look good Writing clearly turns out to be not so easy after all Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Jon Bon Jovi on hard work, losing his wingman and US inequality Five of the best: Dim sum parlours in London The problem with English History’s luckiest generation: we’re getting away with it — for now How smartphones are transforming healthcare Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Eager investors set to make Trump press show a hit Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Airbus may win $4 bln order from Bank of Communications Financial Leasing By Reuters Published: 09:18 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 09:18 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail PARIS/SHANGHAI, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Airbus may secure an order worth $4 billion for some 42 narrow-body jets from Shanghai-based Bank of Communications Financial Leasing, industry sources said on Tuesday. The order could be announced as early as Wednesday when the European planemaker announces 2016 commercial results at an annual news conference. The Chinese leasing company, a unit of Bank of Communications, did not respond to a request for comment. Airbus declined to comment. Airbus has been seeking over 200 orders for December to try to maintain an annual lead in orders against rival Boeing and to keep pace with its own deliveries, set to have risen an estimated 8 percent to as many as 688 aircraft last year. (Reporting by Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel News Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel News ‘Cigarette smoke hid the smell of fear’: what flying in the Sixties was really like Turns out, not quite so glam Credit: airlineratings.com Hazel Plush, travel writer 10 January 2017 • 12:43pm The early years of commercial air travel are often touted as the “golden age” – when air hostesses were glamorous, passengers were both dashing and polite, and everyone got the first-class treatment. But perhaps travelling in the Sixties and Seventies wasn’t as ritzy as it appears. Indeed, when Quora users were asked what air travel was really like back then, many lifted their rose-tinted glasses to reveal the uncomfortable truths. Quite frankly, we’re glad we missed out on it all. The plane “reeked of smoke” “Having a smoking section in the plane was like having a ‘peeing section’ in a pool,” quipped forum user Robert Moutal. “It was a horrible, horrible experience because there was no escaping the smell.” "The whole place reeked of smoke" Credit: alamy Although planes were divided into smoking and non-smoking sections, the cigarette stench permeated the cabin. “The whole place reeked of smoke. You’d get off and all your clothes would smell like smoke,” said frequent flier Colin Teubner. “I once sat on the smoking section of a flight to Tel Aviv and many times during the 10+ hour journey I was asked to get up and ‘lend’ my seat to passengers who wished to smoke,” said Moutal. Flying was much scarier “Take off was something akin to a rocket launch,” commented Andy Kerr. “Once you turned onto the runway, there was a full stop, and they started spooling up the engines. This took a lot longer, nearly a minute, just building up the anticipation and dread. A Douglas DC-6, a common passenger plane of the time Credit: airlineratings.com “They weren’t quiet, either – they just kept getting faster and higher and louder until it was an almighty roar that shook the whole plane. The brakes released with a bang, and you slammed back into your seat as the plane leapt forward down the runway. It was awe-inspiring… better than any roller coaster.” Yikes. Nervous fliers of the Sixties and Seventies also had to the contend with the fact that flying was - statistically speaking - up to 77 times more dangerous. The deadliest year in aviation history? That was 1972, when 72 accidents resulted in 2,373 fatalities. With around 331 million passengers flown, that's one death for every 139,486 fliers. Last year, by comparison, there were just 19 fatal crashes and 325 deaths. With 3.5 billion passengers flown, that's one death for every 10,769,230 travellers. At a glance | The deadliest decades in aviation history And noisier, too “Aircraft engines were extremely loud,” says Paul Wicks. “At the beginning of the Seventies, pilots would ‘climb-out’ [take off] at a fairly steep rate of assent, preferring to get as much altitude as possible, as quickly as possible. This contributed to the noise and visible exhaust. The sounds of the engines and the airframe cutting through the air permeated the cabin. “The plane was likely to be a 4-engine jet aircraft, built by Boeing or McDonnell Douglas. It smelled like kerosene on the outside, and cigarettes on the inside. “If you found yourself boarding a shiny new ‘Whisper Jet’, with three engines mounted in the tail, you might struggle to suppress your fear that hidden design flaws may reveal themselves, and that you might not see your loved ones again. The smell was the same, since the jet fuel and the tobacco masked the smell of fear.” worst passengers on a flight It was really expensive In the early days, the cost of a plane ticket was based on the length (in miles) of the journey – so carriers had to charge a fixed price. There was no competition to offer the cheapest rate. “The only thing that an airline company could do to compete or distinguish itself was to offer more services,” said frequent flier Bonnie Thompson.  “I remember trying to fly out to a wedding of my close friends — I lived in Seattle and the wedding was in Chicago. The price of the ticket was over $700 – on every airline! Flying was MUCH more expensive [back then].” Around the world by budget airline Delays were common “Disorganization was the norm,” commented Carlton Schuyler. “Wasted Time? Hah! We have it good today. Delays? Of course.” But surely the queues at airport security and passport control were much shorter back then? No – apparently not. “The check-in lines and customs often easily trumped today’s,” said Schuyler. The entertainment systems were rubbish Moving maps and in-flight Wi-fi were a distant dream. “On the 747 flights, they’d show a movie (movies were a rare treat then) and if you shelled out for the headphones you could listen to it as well,” commented Andy Kerr. “ It was pretty hard to hear the movie over the engine noise, even if you cranked those headphones as high as they’d go. Most of the time, I’d just be staring out the window.” What air passengers did before in-flight entertainment It was easier to screw up Airport regulation wasn’t so tight back then, but that wasn’t always a good thing. “I lived in Chicago and would often fly Southwest to a client in St. Louis,” said Oscar Anderson. “One day, I took a very early flight and fell asleep. The plane landed in St. Louis. I was still asleep. The flight took off. I woke up in Tulsa Oklahoma. I missed my meeting.” Meet the husbands who fly first class – while their wives travel in economy The 15 airports that all pilots love flying to Follow the latest Telegraph Travel news Read more 13 Jan 2017, 12:38pm Portugal is (still) the cheapest place for a summer holiday 13 Jan 2017, 11:29am 'De-icing with death': airline staff raise eyebrows with rudimentary defrosting technique 12 Jan 2017, 6:07pm Join us on Monday for a live Facebook Q&A with explorer Levison Wood 12 Jan 2017, 12:30pm Latest snow reports: winter has finally arrived in the Alps 11 Jan 2017, 4:30pm Chinese New Year: London celebrations Travel latest Gallery 15 Jan 2017, 7:00am Gallery: The world's most beautiful churches 02:47 15 Jan 2017, 6:00am Why your next holiday should be to Russia 14 Jan 2017, 9:00am Fiona Bruce: How an unconventional holiday brought my family together 14 Jan 2017, 7:00am ‘Chemtrails’ and other aviation conspiracy theories 13 Jan 2017, 11:32pm The best travel programmes on TV this week 13 Jan 2017, 3:50pm Just Back: Trying to raise a smile in Bucharest Gallery 13 Jan 2017, 1:33pm Gallery: Incredible cruise ships setting sail in 2017 13 Jan 2017, 12:38pm Portugal is (still) the cheapest place for a summer holiday Gallery 13 Jan 2017, 12:24pm Gallery: Inside Sir Adam Hotel, Amsterdam - in pictures Gallery 13 Jan 2017, 12:15pm Gallery: Revealed: The 15 cheapest places to go on holiday this year 13 Jan 2017, 11:42am Quiz: Do you know what other countries actually call themselves? 13 Jan 2017, 11:29am 'De-icing with death': airline staff raise eyebrows with rudimentary defrosting technique Gallery 13 Jan 2017, 10:16am Gallery: La La Land filming locations: inside Chateau Marmont, Los Angeles 13 Jan 2017, 9:59am 20 amazing places in Spain that the British haven't discovered yet 13 Jan 2017, 8:25am The truth about oxygen masks on planes 12 Jan 2017, 5:56pm The budget-friendly island that offers a perfect dose of winter sun Gallery 12 Jan 2017, 5:45pm Gallery: The 25 best destinations for winter sun 12 Jan 2017, 5:25pm The best boutique hotels in Sydney 12 Jan 2017, 4:10pm Royal retreats: 8 incredible palace hotels in India 01:38 12 Jan 2017, 4:00pm Why Barcelona is Europe's greatest city in winter 12 Jan 2017, 3:48pm Cost-effective – but crazy? How to survive a ski season in a campervan If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society US DoD successfully tests its drone super-weapon, which can heal itself and swarm The micro-drone swarms bring a new variation to the autonomous weapons system. Namrata Tripathi   January 10, 2017 17:03 IST US Secretary of Defense Ashton CarterReuters The United States Department of Defense has succeeded in testing its latest super weapon, a swarm of 103 micro-drones. Reports state that the Pentagon may soon unleash these 21st century weapons on its adversaries. Donald Trump: North Korea's intercontinental missile 'won't happen' The micro-drone swarms bring a new variation to the autonomous weapons system, which has been achieved by improving Artificial Intelligence. The development of these small groups of drones has opened up the possibility of these weapons acting together under human direction. Military strategists have high hopes for these weapons as their production would be cheap and the swarm of micro-weapons collectively could overwhelm an enemy's defences. The United States Navy and the Pentagon's secretive Strategic Capabilities Office demonstrated the autonomous drone technology in flight by using more than 100 unmanned aircraft. The test of the world's largest micro-drone swarm was conducted over China Lake, in California. Three Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets launched 103 Perdix drones, which demonstrated swarm behaviour including collective decision-making, adaptive formation flying and self-healing, the Pentagon said. "The micro-drones demonstrated advanced swarm behavior such as collective decision-making, adaptive formation flying and self-healing. Perdix are not pre-programmed synchronised individuals, they are a collective organism, sharing one distributed brain for decision-making and adapting to each other like swarms in nature. Because every Perdix communicates and collaborates with every other Perdix, the swarm has no leader and can gracefully adapt to drones entering or exiting the team," William Roper, director of the Pentagon's Strategic Capabilities Office (SCO) said. The SCO was created by the US Defence Secretary Ash Carter in 2012 when he was the deputy defence secretary. The department strives to accelerate the integration of technological innovations into the US weapons system. The new design of weapons was originally created by engineering students from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2013 and were later improved upon. The Pentagon said that the Perdix drones are inspired from the "commercial smartphone industry". Related Is Russia using Syria war as live-fire training? US was wrong about Saddam Hussein, says CIA agent who interrogated the Iraqi dictator Why is Russia developing hypersonic aerial devices Also read China sets up weapon systems on artificial islands in South China Sea: US think tank North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has ordered executions of more than 300 people Post Comment IBT TV Close 47 feared dead in Pakistan Airlines plane crash ATR-42 Why advertise with us? Latest News Six women dead, several injured in stampede at Gangasagar Fair in West Bengal 12 hours ago By Devyani Sultania Ringling Bros. circus is packing up after nearly 150 years 12 hours ago By Admin Editor's Pick Chinese New Year 2017: Here is everything to know about CCTV Spring Festival Gala India to have more jobless in 2017-18: UN report Why advertise with us? most popular UP Assembly elections 2017: BJP has no chief ministerial face and that will not help the party The BJP finds playing the Narendra Modi card safer than choosing a face from any caste, which could annoy other castes, causing damage to its prospects. Pakistan army has abducted hundreds of Pashtun women to use them as sex slaves: Separatist Pashtun leader Umar Daud Khattak Khattak also cited UNHCR data to say that about 5 lakh people from the area have fled to Afghanistan to escape atrocities by the Pakistani army. Navjot Singh Sidhu joins Congress ahead of Punjab Assembly Elections Cricketer-turned-politician Sidhu and his wife Navjot Kaur Sidhu had resigned from the BJP in September 2016. West Bengal communalised? Imam fatwa and 'excommunication' combines with Islamised textbooks for children The Class VII text book removes all instances of Ram, while Class III text book mentions parents as Amma and Abba. Amazon sells sandals imprinted with Mahatma Gandhi's face Gandhi flip flops printed with Mahatma Gandhi's face are currently available for purchase on Amazon US at $16.99. David Guetta Noida and Delhi shows cancelled, but Mumbai show rescheduled and Hyderabad show on track The reason for cancellation appears to be some form of security lapse or lack of arrangement on behalf of the organisers Six women dead, several injured in stampede at Gangasagar Fair in West Bengal The stampede happened when people were getting on a boat from Jetty Number 5 of the Kachuberia area in South 24 Parganas. Bihu 2017: Best wishes, greetings to share on WhatsApp and Facebook Here are a few Bihu greetings messages that you can share with your loved ones. Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Jump to Navigation Home Page Top Stories Opinion News Releases In Depth Links Video & Audio You are hereHome › Top Stories › TEST ROCKET LAUNCHED IN THE PACIFIC › TEST ROCKET LAUNCHED IN THE PACIFIC Submitted by admin on Mon, 03/29/1999 - 00:00 LONG BEACH, California (March 28, 1999 - Radio Australia)---A space rocket took off from a converted oil platform floating in the Pacific Ocean near Kiritimati (Christmas) Atoll, Kiribati, today in the first test of Sea Launch, an international venture's ocean-going satellite launching system. The Ukrainian-designed rocket was designed to take off from the platform, at the equator south of Hawaiâi, in order to benefit from the Earth's rotational effect at that latitude. For the first experimental launch, a rocket was expected to take up equipment sending back signals to earth. Later the multi-national Sea Launch operation, involving the U.S. Boeing corporation and Norwegian, Russian and Ukrainian partners, is scheduled to provide a maritime launching pad for satellites. For additional reports from Radio Australia, go to PACIFIC ISLANDS REPORT News/Information Links: Radio/TV News/Radio Australia. Rate this article:  Select ratingGive it 1/5Give it 2/5Give it 3/5Give it 4/5Give it 5/5 No votes yet Add new comment Your name Subject Comment * Fulltext search Featured Popular Latest Vanuatu Aviation Sector Gets Additional Support From World Bank Today News - 0 comment(s) Completion Date For Repair Of Marshall Islands Internet Cable Pushed Back Again Today News - 1 comment(s) Guam Governor Introduces Bill To Legalize, Tax Marijuana Today News - 0 comment(s) Traffic Flow Resumes On PNG Highlands Highway With Creation Of Temporary Lane Today News - 0 comment(s) Mass Demonstrations In West Papua Today News - 0 comment(s) Chuukese In Guam Accused Of Assaulting Police Are Not Subject For Deportation Today News - 2 comment(s) Completion Date For Repair Of Marshall Islands Internet Cable Pushed Back Again Today News - 1 comment(s) Fiji To Open Asia-Pacific Parliamentary Forum Today News - 0 comment(s) No Further Interviews On Nauru For Resettlement In The US Today News - 2 hours 11 min ago Fiji: High Level Climate Champions Meet In Preperation For UN Convention on Climate Change Today News - 2 hours 15 min ago Cooks Government Help Needed To Save Anzac Graves Today News - 2 hours 25 min ago PNG: Woman And Teen Kidnapped By Tribesman For Ransom, Released Upon Payment Today News - 2 hours 34 min ago Supporter Support PIR The Matson Foundation Center for Pacific Islands Studies An East-West Center Project US-South Pacific Scholarship Program Opportunities For Study/Training Jump back to navigation Last Viewed U.S. TO FACE PACIFIC APPEAL TO HALT SEA LAUNCH PROJECT Today News - last view [timestamp] Marshall Islands Launches Mass Tuberculosis Screening Program Today News - last view [timestamp] Completion Date For Repair Of Marshall Islands Internet Cable Pushed Back Again Today News - last view [timestamp] TAHITIAN ANTI- NUCLEAR RIOT LEADER GETS THREE YEAR JAIL TERM Today News - last view [timestamp] Pacific Islands Report is a nonprofit news publication of the Pacific Islands Development Program at the East-West Center in Honolulu, Hawai‘i. Offered as a free service to readers, PIR provides an edited digest of news, commentary and analysis from across the Pacific Islands region, Monday - Friday. Follow Us Subscribe to our RSS Feed Follow us on Twitter Be a fan on Facebook PIDP videos on Vimeo Pacific Island Report Sign Up Email Address * Copyright © 2017 Pacific Islands Development Program, East-West Center | PIR Editing Notes | About Us | Privacy Policy Address: 1601 East-West Road – Honolulu, Hawai‘i, 96848, USA. | Phone: 808.944.7111. | Email: pidp@eastwestcenter.org
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Business Community Entertainment Faith Health Local Morning National Online Science State World Sports High School ISU Local Prep Stars National Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Editorials Send a letter to the editor Maxread Blogs Community Kay Merriam Police blotter Politics Features Webcam TV Listings Magazines Coupons Tales of the Dinner Belle Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Galleries Photos Videos Sites The Jhub Pocatello Parents ISU Voice Yesteryear Milestones Xtreme Idaho Business Journal Power County Journal Blackfoot Journal Pocatello Menus Ask A Pro The Doctor is in Events Twenty Under 40 Idaho For Pet's Sake ISJ Sports Stars Idaho State Business and Achievement Awards Contests Classifieds Jobs Rental_map Yardsale_map Openhouses Place your own Ad Legal Notices Homes Business Directory Read the e-edition Sign up for Email Alerts Really Big Deals Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber Services Manage your Subscription Start a Subscription Make a Payment Enter a Vacation Stop Subscriptions Toggle navigation 9° Pocatello, ID (83204) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low around 0F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast Search News Business Community Entertainment Faith Health Local Morning National Online Science State World Sports High School ISU Local Prep Stars National Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Editorials Send a letter to the editor Maxread Blogs Community Kay Merriam Police blotter Politics Features Webcam TV Listings Magazines Coupons Tales of the Dinner Belle Obituaries Place an Obituary Today's Obituaries Galleries Photos Videos Sites The Jhub Pocatello Parents ISU Voice Yesteryear Milestones Xtreme Idaho Business Journal Power County Journal Blackfoot Journal Pocatello Menus Ask A Pro The Doctor is in Events Twenty Under 40 Idaho For Pet's Sake ISJ Sports Stars Idaho State Business and Achievement Awards Contests Home News National Close 1 of 6 Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov.-elect Eric Greitens speaks during a service honoring Missouri heroes in the capitol rotunda in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Governor-elect Eric Greitens speaks during a service honoring Missouri heroes in the capitol rotunda in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Governor-elect Eric Greitens and his wife are seated across the isle from Gov. Jay Nixon and his wife at an interfaith prayer service in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov.-elect Eric Greitens, left, greets Gov. Jay Nixon with their wives before an interfaith prayer service in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens takes the oath of office during a ceremony on the steps of the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. Looking on is his wife, Sheena. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens gives his inaugural address from the steps of the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) AP Greitens takes over as Missouri governor, targets lobbyists By SUMMER BALLENTINE and DAVID A. LIEB Associated Press Jan 9, 2017 Updated Jan 9, 2017 (…) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov.-elect Eric Greitens speaks during a service honoring Missouri heroes in the capitol rotunda in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Governor-elect Eric Greitens speaks during a service honoring Missouri heroes in the capitol rotunda in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Governor-elect Eric Greitens and his wife are seated across the isle from Gov. Jay Nixon and his wife at an interfaith prayer service in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov.-elect Eric Greitens, left, greets Gov. Jay Nixon with their wives before an interfaith prayer service in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens takes the oath of office during a ceremony on the steps of the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. Looking on is his wife, Sheena. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) Orlin Wagner Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens gives his inaugural address from the steps of the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Orlin Wagner) JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Former Navy SEAL officer Eric Greitens was sworn into office Monday as Missouri governor, pledging to bring an outsider's perspective to a state that for the first time will be overseen by a GOP governor paired with supermajorities of Republicans in the Legislature. He quickly took his first action, issuing an order that bans executive branch employees from accepting lobbyist gifts and prohibits governor's office personnel from lobbying his office if they later leave their jobs. Greitens took the oath of office around noon in front of the Capitol building and a crowd of more than 6,000 people on a chilly, overcast day. The state's first Jewish governor placed a hand on a Bible once owned by a World War I veteran and smiled as he recited an oath to become Missouri's 56th governor. His wife, Sheena, held the Bible as their two young sons were held by grandparents. Story continues below video × "The people have spoken, and a new direction has been decided," Greitens said to applause in his inaugural remarks. "For decades, Missourians have talked about change. Now it's time to fight for that change." Greitens replaces term-limited Democrat Gov. Jay Nixon, who served eight years as governor during a 30-year political career that also included time as attorney general and a state senator. Four other newly elected Republican statewide officials — Lt. Gov. Mike Parson, Treasurer Eric Schmitt, Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft and Attorney General Josh Hawley — also took the oath of office. Huge U.S. and Missouri flags were draped in front of the Capitol columns and a production company erected a stage with large television screens on either side for those whose may otherwise not have a good view of the ceremony. A B2 bomber flew overhead as Greitens spoke his oath, which was immediately followed by a 19-gun artillery salute. Security at the Capitol was near its tightest ever, a new emphasis from Greitens, who has brought metal detectors back to the building for the first time since 2003. Greitens didn't outline specific policy proposals in his remarks, choosing to save those for a later day. But he pledged action to clean up a Capitol atmosphere that he had repeatedly derided while campaigning. "This is the people's house. And to those who would trouble this house for their own selfish and sinful gain, here me now: I answer to the people, and I come as an outsider to do the people's work," Greitens said. "And I know that the people do not expect miracles, but they do expect results — and we will deliver." While issuing his executive order, Greitens told reporters that it "sets a powerful example" of how he will "clean up the culture of corruption in Jefferson City." The Republican-led Legislature also is acting quickly on ethics issues. A House committee held a rare early morning meeting Monday to endorse a bill that would expand Greitens' executive order by banning lawmakers from accepting most lobbyist gifts besides flowers and honorary plaques. Lawmakers also are expected to team with Greitens to enact a variety of GOP priorities that had been vetoed by Nixon, including a right-to-work bill barring mandatory union fees. A few people held signs near the back of the crowd at Greitens' inauguration, protesting against right-to-work. Greitens also is expected to support efforts to cut down on government regulations, limit liability lawsuits in order to help businesses, enact stricter penalties for people who assault police and expand options for K-12 students' education. Greitens began the day by attending an interfaith prayer service at St. Peter Catholic Church near the Capitol, where he hugged Nixon and his wife, Georganne. In a break with tradition, Greitens skipped a parade to instead host a pre-inaugural ceremony honoring about 150 "heroes" from all walks of life, including law enforcement officers, teachers, farmers and veterans. Each one received a special coin and had the opportunity to pose for a picture with the new governor. Greitens said the event was intended to take the focus off "celebrities" and place it on "the best representatives of the Missouri people." The inaugural celebrations are to end with an evening ball inside the Capitol, where the governor and first lady are to dance to the "Missouri Waltz." The event also is to feature country music singer Sara Evans. Greitens has not revealed how much the privately-funded inaugural festivities cost, but released a list 87 "benefactors" that include businesses such as Anheuser-Busch, Boeing and Wal-Mart. Greitens, 42, grew up in the St. Louis area and joined the Navy after earning a doctoral degree in politics from Oxford University in England. He was wounded in a suicide truck bombing on his barracks while deployed in Iraq. He later founded The Mission Continues, a nonprofit that helps veterans transition to the private-sector through volunteer work, and became a professional public speaker and author. Greitens is hardly the first governor to start a term promising change. Such claims actually are practically a given. The theme of Nixon's first inauguration in 2008 was "A New Day for Missouri." Four years before that, former Republican Gov. Matt Blunt promised "to lead Missouri in a new direction," and four years earlier Democratic Gov. Bob Holden proclaimed "the beginning of a new vision: one bright future, one Missouri." Greitens defeated Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the November election as part of a Republican sweep in which Missouri voters also picked President-elect Donald Trump and re-elected U.S. Sen. Roy Blunt. The only remaining statewide Democratic officeholder is Auditor Nicole Galloway, who was not on the 2016 ballot and had been appointed to the post in 2014 following the death of Republican Auditor Tom Schweich. ___ Associated Press writer Katie Kull contributed to this report. Tags General News Government And Politics State Governments Inaugurations Veterans Lobbying Legislation Executive Branch Political Issues Legislature Locations Missouri United States North America Jefferson City loading... loading... Latest E-Edition Idaho State Journal Read the latest edition of the Idaho State Journal in our e-edition format, which combines the familiarity of the printed-paper format with the convenience of reading on your phone, tablet or desktop computer from anywhere. Trending Today Articles Articles Idaho Fish and Game scandal heats up Arrest made in East Idaho's fourth violent death of new year Police: Man overpowers parents and steals car with 3-year-old and infant inside Over a dozen people got hurt in Pocatello last week falling on ice Idaho Fish and Game scandal heats up Mountain View Event Center filling schedule already ISU settles sexual harassment suit for $170,000 Blackfoot man charged with lewd conduct, sexual battery of a minor Meet Pebble Creek's new owner — An interview with Shay Carl Prep roundup 1-14-16: Coombs collects 400th career win Video Highlights Visit Idaho State Journal's profile on Pinterest. $59,900 View more Listings Poll Do you support repealing Obamacare? You voted: Yes No Undecided Vote View Results Back ISJ Webcam Click here to control and for traffic cams Images are generated every 10 minutes. Pocatello Business Directory Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Pocatello Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Pocatello Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Pocatello Lawn Services Lawyers in Pocatello Shopping in Pocatello Travel to Pocatello Tanning in Pocatello Used Cars in Pocatello Wedding Services ▼ Add your business here + More Latest Classifieds Bargain Basement 22 ammo 325 round box $25 226-6747 Pocatello Bargain Basement 22 ammo 525 round box $40 226-6747 Pocatello Help Wanted Trades TSMT has an opening for a diesel TRUCK/TRAILER MECHANIC Idaho State Journal 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID 83204 208-232-4161 newsroom@journalnet.com Call us at 208-232-4161 or send an email Subscribe Today! Manage your subscription Report a delivery issue Pay your bill Vacation stop Sign up for our daily email alerts Get in touch with the Journal Common Submissions Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event Advertising Place a Classified Ad Milestones Announcements Birthdays Missionary Eagle Scout Engagements/Weddings Anniversaries Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News Belgrade News Lone Peak Lookout West Yellowstone News © Copyright 2017 Idaho State Journal, 305 S. Arthur Pocatello, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
off Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Sunday, January 15, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World A muted response from health lobby as Affordable Care Act faces repeal print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google A muted response from health lobby as Affordable Care Act faces repeal By Robert Pear / New York Times News Service Published Jan 10, 2017 at 12:02AM WASHINGTON — The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists, leaving representatives of insurance companies, hospitals, doctors and pharmaceutical makers in disarray and struggling for a response to a legislative quick strike that would upend much of the American health care system. The Senate is expected to take the first step by Thursday morning, approving parliamentary language in a budget resolution that would fast-track a repeal bill that could not be filibustered in the Senate. House and Senate committees would have until Jan. 27 to report out repeal legislation. Health insurance and health care for millions of Americans are at risk. But far from reflecting the magnitude of the moment, the most prominent message from lobbyists that lawmakers saw in their first week back at work was a narrowly focused advertisement from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce demanding the repeal of “Obamacare taxes,” especially an annual fee imposed on health insurance companies to help pay for the expansion of coverage under the health law. “More than 20 million people could lose their health insurance, and states could lose billions of dollars in Medicaid money,” said Kenneth Raske, the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association. But, he added, many health care executives “don’t want to get on the wrong side of the new administration or the Republican majority in Congress.” Health care professionals are not totally silent, but industries that were integral to the creation of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 are keeping their voices down as Republicans rush to dismantle it. Some Republican lawmakers are openly fretting about their leaders’ repeal strategy, saying they must develop an Affordable Care Act replacement before they repeal it. Five Republican senators proposed Monday to extend the deadline for drafting repeal legislation by five weeks, until March 3. One of the five, Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee, said the extra time would allow Congress and the Trump administration to “get the policy right” as they try to arrange a smooth transition to a new system of health coverage. But the naysayers are getting no cover from a major lobbying and advertisement blitz like the ones that blanketed the airwaves in 2009 and 2010. To block the repeal effort, said Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat, “we need two or three Republicans to join us.” Doctors are telling Congress to proceed with caution, insisting no one should lose coverage. The American College of Physicians, representing 148,000 specialists in internal medicine, has sent letters to senators urging them to “vote no” this week on the budget resolution. Hospitals were expecting to receive tens of billions of dollars in additional revenue for treating people who were newly insured under the health law, and they are alarmed at the prospect that it may now be repealed. But, they say, if Congress rolls back the expansion of coverage, it must also restore tens of billions of dollars that the health law cut from Medicare payments to hospitals. Top executives from state hospital associations will fly to Washington this week to develop their strategy. Many also plan to visit offices on Capitol Hill, where they will warn of the potential damage if Congress repeals the health law without guaranteeing similar coverage for those who would lose it. A coalition of consumers and liberal advocacy groups is spending more than $2 million on television advertisements urging Congress to stop its attack on the law. The ads, by the Alliance for Healthcare Security, are aimed at a handful of Republican senators, including Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Jeff Flake and John McCain of Arizona, Susan Collins of Maine, Dean Heller of Nevada, Lamar Alexander and Corker of Tennessee, and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia. But by Washington standards, that is a pittance. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, an industry lobbying group, set aside $150 million in 2009 to support the law’s passage. Some lobbyists have tacitly accepted the likelihood that major provisions of the health law will be repealed, setting their sights instead on shaping its replacement. They fear that if they come out strongly in opposition to repealing the law, they will lose their seats at the table as congressional Republicans and the Trump administration negotiate a replacement. For now, passage of the budget resolution this week looks likely. The real fight is expected to come two to three weeks from now, when two House committees and two Senate committees produce legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act and must answer to Republicans who say a replacement measure must be ready at the same time. At least a half-dozen Republican senators have expressed doubts about the Republican leadership strategy of using the budget resolution to fast-track legislation to repeal the law, with a delayed effective date to allow time to find a replacement in the future. “Repeal and replacement should take place simultaneously,” Corker said last week. Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas said on MSNBC, “It would not be the right path for us to repeal Obamacare without laying out a path forward.” Members of the hard-right House Freedom Caucus are also pressing leaders to embrace a replacement bill before they eviscerate the existing law. And that concern is not confined to Congress. Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, a Republican, has also warned Congress against repealing the law without a replacement. What, he has asked, will happen to the 700,000 people who have gained coverage under the expansion of Medicaid in Ohio? Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., said that he spoke Friday with President-elect Donald Trump, and that Trump agreed a replacement measure must be ready. “I think he consistently has said, and I think many people who look at this say, ‘Gosh, you’re going to repeal this huge, dramatic thing and not have a replacement on the same day?’” Paul said Monday. “I mean, doesn’t make a lot of sense to do that.” Many of the lobbyists who might have slowed the process appear flummoxed, in part because they were expecting Hillary Clinton to win the election. Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy, said they were afraid to speak out because they feared that Trump would attack them on Twitter, as he has badgered Boeing, Ford, General Motors, Lockheed Martin and Toyota. Marilyn Tavenner, the chief executive of the leading lobby for insurers, America’s Health Insurance Plans, is in a particularly awkward position. As an Obama administration official from 2010 to 2015, she led work on the health law, issued rules to carry it out and often defended it on Capitol Hill. In December 2015, Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin pointed to her as an example of how federal officials passed through a revolving door to work for companies they once regulated. “If the insurance industry does not understand how Obamacare works, why not hire the person who ran it?” Ryan said in a gibe at Tavenner that drew laughter from his audience at the Library of Congress. Tavenner said the requirement for people to have insurance — the individual mandate — was likely to be eliminated. But, she said, to stabilize the market, Congress should maintain “subsidies for low- and moderate-income individuals to purchase insurance and financial help for plans that enroll high-cost individuals, through at least Jan. 1, 2019.” She is also asking Congress to kill the tax on insurers, which has already been suspended for 2017. Kaiser Permanente, the managed care company that serves more than 10 million people, declined to comment specifically on Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Instead, it offered a statement of general principles saying that people should have access to health care and that “we must continue to accommodate those who have pre-existing conditions.” Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association have been more active and outspoken. They support changes to the health care law because, they say, premiums and deductibles are too high and commercial insurers have been dropping out of the public insurance marketplaces. One-third of counties in the United States have only one insurer offering coverage in the marketplace, they say, and in many cases, it is a Blue Cross plan. But Blue Cross lobbyists expressed alarm that Congress or a federal court might eliminate the cost-sharing subsidies that the government pays insurers to reduce out-of-pocket costs for low-income people. Without these payments, Blue Cross wrote in a primer delivered to congressional offices, consumers will see “significant premium increases in 2018, making coverage even more unaffordable for millions of working Americans.” While defenders of the Affordable Care Act try to figure out a strategy, conservative groups are pressing hard for full repeal of the law as soon as possible. Among them are Heritage Action for America, an offshoot of the Heritage Foundation, and Freedom Partners, a conservative group backed by billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch. 16126548 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World Soda: No.1 purchase with food stamps 01/14/2017 What do households on food stamps buy at the grocery store?The answer ... more Around the world 01/14/2017 Stolen at birth — Stolen from a hospital just hours after she ... more Scientists: Moon over the hill at 4.51 billion years old 01/11/2017 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — It turns out the moon is older than ... more Lawsuits threaten to tie up Trump presidency 01/11/2017 WASHINGTON — As a businessman, Donald Trump has kept the courts busy. ... more Views of Trump, Cabinet diverge 01/13/2017 WASHINGTON — America should not torture. Russia is a menace. A wall ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Greitens takes oath, targets lobbyists Tuesday Jan 10, 2017 at 12:01 AM By Summer Ballentineand David A. LiebAssociated Press JEFFERSON CITY — Former Navy SEAL officer Eric Greitens was sworn into office Monday as Missouri governor, pledging to bring an outsider's perspective to a state that for the first time will be overseen by a GOP governor paired with supermajorities of Republicans in the Legislature. He quickly took his first action, issuing an order that bans executive branch employees from accepting lobbyist gifts and prohibits governor's office personnel from lobbying his office if they later leave their jobs. Greitens took the oath of office around noon in front of the Capitol building and a crowd of more than 6,000 people on a chilly, overcast day. The state's first Jewish governor placed a hand on a Bible once owned by a World War I veteran and smiled as he recited an oath to become Missouri's 56th governor. His wife, Sheena, held the Bible as their two young sons were held by grandparents. "The people have spoken, and a new direction has been decided," Greitens said to applause in his inaugural remarks. "For decades, Missourians have talked about change. Now it's time to fight for that change." Greitens replaces term-limited Democrat Gov. Jay Nixon, who served eight years as governor during a 30-year political career that also included time as attorney general and a state senator. Four other newly elected Republican statewide officials — Lt. Gov. Mike Parson, Treasurer Eric Schmitt, Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft and Attorney General Josh Hawley — also took the oath of office. Huge U.S. and Missouri flags were draped in front of the Capitol columns and a production company erected a stage with large television screens on either side for those whose may otherwise not have a good view of the ceremony. A B2 bomber flew overhead as Greitens spoke his oath, which was immediately followed by a 19-gun artillery salute. Security at the Capitol was near its tightest ever, a new emphasis from Greitens, who has brought metal detectors back to the building for the first time since 2003. Greitens didn't outline specific policy proposals in his remarks, choosing to save those for a later day. But he pledged action to clean up a Capitol atmosphere that he had repeatedly derided while campaigning. "This is the people's house. And to those who would trouble this house for their own selfish and sinful gain, here me now: I answer to the people, and I come as an outsider to do the people's work," Greitens said. "And I know that the people do not expect miracles, but they do expect results — and we will deliver." While issuing his executive order, Greitens told reporters that it "sets a powerful example" of how he will "clean up the culture of corruption in Jefferson City." The Republican-led Legislature also is acting quickly on ethics issues. A House committee held a rare early morning meeting Monday to endorse a bill that would expand Greitens' executive order by banning lawmakers from accepting most lobbyist gifts besides flowers and honorary plaques. Lawmakers also are expected to team with Greitens to enact a variety of GOP priorities that had been vetoed by Nixon, including a right-to-work bill barring mandatory union fees. A few people held signs near the back of the crowd at Greitens' inauguration, protesting against right-to-work. Greitens also is expected to support efforts to cut down on government regulations, limit liability lawsuits in order to help businesses, enact stricter penalties for people who assault police and expand options for K-12 students' education. Greitens began the day by attending an interfaith prayer service at St. Peter Catholic Church near the Capitol, where he hugged Nixon and his wife, Georganne. In a break with tradition, Greitens skipped a parade to instead host a pre-inaugural ceremony honoring about 150 "heroes" from all walks of life, including law enforcement officers, teachers, farmers and veterans. Each one received a special coin and had the opportunity to pose for a picture with the new governor. Greitens said the event was intended to take the focus off "celebrities" and place it on "the best representatives of the Missouri people." The inaugural celebrations are to end with an evening ball inside the Capitol, where the governor and first lady are to dance to the "Missouri Waltz." The event also is to feature country music singer Sara Evans. Greitens has not revealed how much the privately-funded inaugural festivities cost, but released a list 87 "benefactors" that include businesses such as Anheuser-Busch, Boeing and Wal-Mart. Greitens, 42, grew up in the St. Louis area and joined the Navy after earning a doctoral degree in politics from Oxford University in England. He was wounded in a suicide truck bombing on his barracks while deployed in Iraq. He later founded The Mission Continues, a nonprofit that helps veterans transition to the private-sector through volunteer work, and became a professional public speaker and author. Greitens is hardly the first governor to start a term promising change. Such claims actually are practically a given. The theme of Nixon's first inauguration in 2008 was "A New Day for Missouri." Four years before that, former Republican Gov. Matt Blunt promised "to lead Missouri in a new direction," and four years earlier Democratic Gov. Bob Holden proclaimed "the beginning of a new vision: one bright future, one Missouri." Greitens defeated Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the November election as part of a Republican sweep in which Missouri voters also picked President-elect Donald Trump and re-elected U.S. Sen. Roy Blunt. The only remaining statewide Democratic officeholder is Auditor Nicole Galloway, who was not on the 2016 ballot and had been appointed to the post in 2014 following the death of Republican Auditor Tom Schweich. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Yellow Pages Vacation Hold Market Place Classifieds Find Independence jobs Cars Real Estate FindNSave Boats Magazine Online Submissions Engagements Weddings Births Anniversaries Sister Publication Boonville Daily News Linn County Leader Lake Sun Leader Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune The Examiner Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Examiner ~ 410 S. Liberty, Independence, MO 64050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World News Columnists Reader Submitted My Legislators Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Mavericks Sports Columnists Sports Calendar Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Milestones Storytellers Engagements Weddings Home & Garden Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Legislators Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Stopping a N. Korean Missile No Sure Thing, U.S. Tester Says by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio January 10, 2017, 12:15 AM EST Ground-based system has shown ‘limited capability’ so far Pentagon plans next intercept test for April to June North Korea's Nukes Keep Getting Stronger The U.S.’s $36 billion system of ground-based interceptors can’t yet be counted on to shoot down a nuclear-armed missile aimed at the West Coast by the likes of North Korea or Iran, the Pentagon’s weapons testing office says. The network of radar and communications combined with missiles based in California and Alaska has demonstrated only a “limited capability to defend the U.S. homeland from small numbers of simple” intercontinental ballistic missiles, the testing office said in its latest annual report. Despite international sanctions, North Korea has continued to test nuclear bombs and the missiles that might eventually carry a miniaturized warhead to the continental U.S. Meanwhile, the U.S. has criticized Iran for conducting ballistic missile tests, although the Islamic Republic has said its program is defensive and isn’t designed to carry nuclear warheads. The probability that the U.S. would succeed in intercepting an incoming missile can’t be quantified with any precision “due to a lack of ground tests” supported by verified “modeling and simulation,” according to an advance copy of the assessment provided late Monday to congressional defense committees and Pentagon officials.  The testing office’s assessment is the same as its 2016 report because too few new results were generated to warrant a change, even as the threat from North Korea in particular has grown. ‘Failure Modes’ The office said the “reliability and availability of the operational” interceptors is also low, as the Missile Defense Agency continues to discover new flaws and “failure modes” during testing. In response, Vice Admiral James Syring, director of the missile defense agency, said in an interview Monday he retains “high confidence” in the system. He said the next attempt to intercept a dummy missile is tentatively scheduled for the period of April to June. Read more about North Korea’s efforts to show it can hit the U.S. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter With North Korean ruler Kim Jong Un saying his country is in the “last stage” of preparations to test-fire an ICBM, incoming U.S. President Donald Trump may face a more urgent challenge than predecessor Barack Obama in dealing with the regime. Christopher Hill, a former senior U.S. diplomat for talks with North Korea, said on Saturday he believed Pyongyang would be able to claim with credibility within four years that it can hit the U.S. with a nuclear weapon. “It won’t happen!” Trump wrote recently on Twitter of North Korea’s potential test. Next Test Success in the next U.S. missile-defense test might bolster Trump’s vow that North Korea can be stopped. A test failure would deal him a public relations embarrassment. The next test will attempt to shoot down a target that replicates for the first time the speed, trajectory and closing velocity of an actual ICBM, Syring said. The U.S. will test avionics updates to the booster rocket built by Orbital ATK Inc. that carries an improved version of a hit-to-kill conventional warhead built by Raytheon Co.  Interceptors are located at Fort Greely in Alaska and Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The system is managed by Boeing Co. The next interception attempt will be the first since a successful test in June 2014. Before that, though, two tests that failed in 2010 prompted an extensive effort to fix flaws with the interceptor’s warhead that Syring said have now been fixed and verified. Same Warhead Syring said he has high confidence in the system because many of the interceptors in silos today are tipped with the same model warhead that was tested in 2014. Success in the next round would trigger the installation of eight more interceptors in Alaska, for a total of 44 -- a goal set by former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. “I am very confident in the systems and procedures” the U.S. Northern Command, which operates the missile defense shield, “will employ to intercept a North Korean ICBM were they to shoot it toward our territory,” Syring said. Laura Grego, a missile defense analyst with the Union of Concerned Scientists, said last year that none of the interception tests since 2010 have used targets representative of actual threats or complex countermeasures. Since its inception, the system “has destroyed its target fewer than half the 17 times it has been tested, and its record is not improving over time,” she said. Since the 2004 deployment decision, “the system has a three-for-nine record,” said Grego, co-author of a July 2016 report titled “Shielded From Oversight: The Disastrous U.S. Approach to Strategic Missile Defense.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Singapore The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Business The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Malaysia The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Asia The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place World The Straits Times Korean dishes at Ho Rang I The Straits Times Flavourful Italian-Spanish food Reuters World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Reuters Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study The Straits Times Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Forum 1. Centrepoint...after so many years 5. China warns small nations: don’t take sides 2. China should be barred from South China Sea islands 6. Malaysian ringgit could push past 4.55 by end of Q1 3. Workers can be re-employed till 67 7. Why wives always dislike the secretary for making coffee 4. Why wives always dislike the secretary for making coffee 8. Enough campaign to do away with plastic bag here in S'pore? Services Horoscope Stock Market COE RESULTS Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Korean dishes at Ho Rang I Flavourful Italian-Spanish food World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Nutella maker fights back on palm oil after cancer risk study Juicy Thai pork ribs in Raffles Place Outgoing CIA chief warns Trump to watch his words Standout salted egg yolk lotus chips Internal inquiry on botched fireworks display completed Veteran journalist Seah Chiang Nee dies Cheap & Good: Sizzling claypot delights in Serangoon Johor Sultan throws Mahathir a challenge Najib: Mahathir a 'U-turn champion' World Nirmal Ghosh Monday, Jan 9, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Donald Trump World Trade Organisation World US will bargain hard - but stop short of trade war The Straits Times | Nirmal Ghosh | Monday, Jan 9, 2017 Mr Trump visiting a factory in Indiana on Dec 1. His campaign maintained that manufacturing jobs were lost overseas, but experts say automation is another factor and new plants are unlikely to bring jobs back. Photo: Reuters Nirmal Ghosh The Straits Times Monday, Jan 9, 2017 US President-elect Donald Trump injected long practical experience in international trade legalities and negotiations with his pick of Mr Robert Lighthizer as US Trade Representative, completing a protectionist troika set to renegotiate the country's trade relationships. Mr Lighthizer, 69, was a deputy trade representative in the Reagan administration, when the US saw Japan as an economic threat. As US Trade Representative, he will represent the US at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), working closely with Secretary of Commerce-designate Wilbur Ross, 79, and economist Peter Navarro, 67, who is to head the newly created White House National Trade Council. Read Also: Will Trump-China tensions ease after inauguration day? "While personnel decisions are not synonymous with policy prescriptions, it's now clear that Mr Trump is eager to adhere to campaign promises on challenging the status quo on US trade," said Ms Shihoko Goto, senior associate for North-east Asia at the Wilson Centre, at a panel on Thursday. Mr Trump has suggested imposing a 45 per cent tariff on Chinese imports, which analysts say will trigger a complaint from China to the WTO. But Mr Trump has also threatened to walk out of the WTO. 352614 2016-11-18 10:10:52 Photo Gallery Japan's PM Abe meets with US President-elect Donald Trump Source: Reuters AFP With a team comprising Mr Lighthizer, Mr Ross and Dr Navarro - who has written books blaming free trade and China for destroying the US' manufacturing jobs base - there is no reason to think Mr Trump will not pursue the course. In a comment in The New York Times in 2008, Mr Lighthizer wrote that free traders "embrace unbridled free trade, even as it helps China become a superpower". "They see only bright lines, even when it means bowing to the whims of anti-American bureaucrats" at the WTO, he wrote. Read Also: Toyota shares drop after Trump threat on Mexico plant "They oppose any trade limitations, even if we must depend on foreign countries to feed ourselves or equip our military. They see nothing but dogma - no matter how many jobs are lost, how high the trade deficit rises or how low the dollar falls." The three men want to make trade policy a tool of industrial policy, Mr Jeffrey Schott, an expert on trade at the Peterson Institute of International Economics, said to The Straits Times. "They're all on the same page from the campaign where Trump was setting grand themes - and they were firmly protectionist." The Trump campaign maintains that the US has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since inking the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement, as well as 50,000 factories since China joined the WTO in 2001. The Washington Post on Wednesday quoted Mr Alan Wolff, who was deputy trade representative under former president Jimmy Carter, as saying: "The single most outstanding feature of Mr Lighthizer is caring very deeply about the industrial base of the United States. "He'll do whatever he can with respect to trade policy to ensure that the industrial base is strengthened." Read Also: Trump is US President: 8 things Singapore investors need to know right now  Many analysts worry that slapping high tariffs on Chinese imports will trigger retaliatory tariffs, with the US getting the worst of it. Experts like Mr Schott have pointed out that it is not only job offshoring that has cost the US. Automation has cut labour numbers - and even if factories were to be built again, they are unlikely to create as many jobs as before. High tariffs on imports would drive up prices of consumer goods in the US. 351634 2016-11-09 16:14:33 Photo Gallery Donald Trump wins US presidency in stunning upset Source: AFP Reuters Chinese retaliation may hurt states like Washington, home to the Boeing Company, and Illinois, Iowa and Minnesota, which export soya beans to China. The pro-trade Peterson Institute estimated that in a worst-case scenario, a trade war would cost nearly five million American jobs. Mr Trump could score points domestically by taking a tough line and slapping protective tariffs on imports, but there would be a trade-off between short-term gain and medium- to long-term disruption, warned Professor Glenn Altschuler of Cornell University. Read Also: Trump names China critic Lighthizer as US trade representative But the incoming adminis- tration's hardline approach to trade with China and Mexico will not necessarily lead to a trade war, said Mr Michael Pillsbury, a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute, who is advising the Trump transition. Mr Pillsbury, who speaks Mandarin and has written books including The Hundred-Year Marathon: China's Secret Strategy To Replace America As The Global Superpower, told radio host Laura Ingraham on Dec 7 that getting into a trade war with China would be counter-productive. The idea was to get a better deal with China over trade. on SPH Brightcove "Avoiding war with China is one thing, but compelling them to take us more seriously economically, that's going to be the hard part," he said. "If they decide to accommodate Mr Trump they can really make our economy go up. "Wilbur Ross has talked about this too. It's about getting the Chinese to contribute to us what we have contributed to their growth." nirmal@sph.com.sg This article was first published on January 9, 2017. Get a copy of The Straits Times or go to straitstimes.com for more stories. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Lowest price in SG! Only for FIRST 20 customers! Happiness comes in 3's! New Moon for your loved ones this CNY! Sign up now and win these at $1!! Exclusively on Qoo10! Branded Edition is now on!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos PM Modi to inaugurate 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit today ANI 10 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Gandhinagar (Gujarat) [India], Jan. 10 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the eighth edition of four-day-long Vibrant Gujarat summit beginning on Tuesday. This year's biennial flagship event will host prime ministers, presidents, deputy Prime Ministers and ministers of several countries apart from CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. Prime Minister of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic, President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Costa, Russia's deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and France's foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault will participate in the Summit along with other dignitaries. Prime Minister will chair Global CEOs Conclave- which will be attended by world's top CEOs. Bertrand-Marc Allen of Boeing International, Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem of DP World group, Cisco System's John Chambers are prominent among them. Indian business personalities like Mukesh Ambani, Anil Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Gautam Adani, Vishal Sikka and Pankaj Patel will also attend the Global CEOs' Conclave. The summit aims to provide a platform to debate global economic and social issues on the lines of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos. Large delegations from 12 partner countries of Vibrant Gujarat including the US, the UK, France, Australia & Canada are also attending the summit. The investment commitment is expected to reach at 30 lakh crore rupees, the highest among all summits held so far. Apart from the country-specific seminars featuring several nations, sessions on goods and services tax (GST), Make in Gujarat, MSMEs, smart and livable cities, innovation, startups and entrepreneurship will be major attractions. (ANI) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Video: Angry RP Singh throws fan's mobile when asked for a selfie Sportskeeda 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored 2017 Irani Trophy: Rest of India squad to face Gujarat announced Sportskeeda Kohli, Jadhav set up unbelievable chase for India AFP Why Havildar Abdul Hamid Is One of Indian Army’s Most Celebrated & Revered Soldiers of All Time The Better India Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Meet U.P. 2017 poll candidate, 'Fakkad Baba', who has predicted his victory Ani Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir bags Best Actor, Alia wins Best Actress India Today A tribute to Indian Army Ani A Jaw-Dropping 18-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored Newbie Mom Shweta Tiwari Shares The First Picture Of Her Adorable Baby Boy Bollywoodshaadis.com BEST DRESSED & WORST DRESSED At The Filmfare Awards 2017: Sonam, Alia, Jacqueline, Sonakshi Or Parineeti? Spotboye 2017 Saturn Transit in Sagittarius - Know How This Major Transit Will Affect You Astroyogi Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Encounter between security forces, terrorists underway Ani Harbhajan and Geeta celebrate their daughter Hinaya Heer's 1st Lohri with this adorable selfie! PinkVilla.com Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech News Government quietly launched ‘assault on freedom’ while distracting people, say campaigners behind legal challenge The Investigatory Powers Act became law at the end of last year, and gives spies the power to read through everyone’s entire internet history Andrew Griffin @_andrew_griffin Monday 9 January 2017 18:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Privacy campaigners, security experts, tech companies and politicians have argued that the powers of the IPA extend too far Getty The Government passed an “assault on freedom” while people were afraid and distracted, according to campaigners. Campaign group Liberty is requesting a High Court judicial review of the wide-ranging new spying tactics in the Investigatory Powers Act. That law was passed at the end of last year and gives spies – and a range of other organisations including the Food Standards Agency – the power to see anyone’s entire internet history, alongside other unprecedented rules. The Liberty challenge will focus on bulk powers, which let intelligence agencies collect up huge amount of data in case it needs to be used in future, meaning that people not under investigation have their information watched. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 43 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 2/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 3/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 6/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 7/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 8/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 9/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 10/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 11/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 12/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 13/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 14/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 15/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 16/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 17/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 18/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 19/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 20/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 21/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 22/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 24/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 25/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 26/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 27/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 28/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 30/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 31/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 32/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 33/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 34/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 35/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 36/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 37/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 38/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 39/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 40/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 41/43 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 42/43 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 43/43 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty Liberty director Martha Spurrier said: “Last year, this Government exploited fear and distraction to quietly create the most extreme surveillance regime of any democracy in history. “Hundreds of thousands of people have since called for this act’s repeal because they see it for what it is – an unprecedented, unjustified assault on our freedom.” Read more UK citizens put under intense new spying regime Liberty’s challenge is just the latest attack on the new law. Last month, a case at the European Court of Justice found that the “general and indiscriminate” retention of communications data empowered under the bill was illegal, and the Government has faced requests to change the bill. The Investigatory Powers Act was first introduced a year ago, and aims to bring the many laws and regulations governing how spies work under one legal umbrella. But it has been repeatedly criticised by privacy campaigners, security experts, tech companies and politicians, who have argued that the powers extend too far. The Government has argued that those laws are needed to fight terrorism and other crimes. Security minister Ben Wallace said: “The Investigatory Powers Act protects both our privacy and our security. “Far from being passed quietly, the Act underwent unprecedented parliamentary scrutiny before becoming law. “It was also the result of three independent reports, all of which concluded a new law was needed. The Act was passed with cross-party support and is the will of Parliament. “The independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, David Anderson QC, found that the ability to collect data in bulk is a crucial tool used by the security and intelligence agencies to generate intelligence about threats that cannot be acquired by more targeted means. “We will vigorously defend these vital powers that help to keep our families, communities and country safe.” While a number of experts did recommend that new laws were passed – and new legislation had to be passed because the existing regulation would soon expire – the law has been criticised by a range of experts and by parliamentary bodies. More about: Investigatory Powers Act Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 465970643 Coats For Kids Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS Greitens takes over as Missouri governor, targets lobbyists by: SUMMER BALLENTINE and DAVID A. LIEB, Associated Press Updated: Jan 9, 2017 - 3:39 PM Twtter JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Former Navy SEAL officer Eric Greitens was sworn into office Monday as Missouri governor, pledging to bring an outsider's perspective to a state that for the first time will be overseen by a GOP governor paired with supermajorities of Republicans in the Legislature. He quickly took his first action, issuing an order that bans executive branch employees from accepting lobbyist gifts and prohibits governor's office personnel from lobbying his office if they later leave their jobs. Greitens took the oath of office around noon in front of the Capitol building and a crowd of more than 6,000 people on a chilly, overcast day. The state's first Jewish governor placed a hand on a Bible once owned by a World War I veteran and smiled as he recited an oath to become Missouri's 56th governor. His wife, Sheena, held the Bible as their two young sons were held by grandparents. "The people have spoken, and a new direction has been decided," Greitens said to applause in his inaugural remarks. "For decades, Missourians have talked about change. Now it's time to fight for that change." Greitens replaces term-limited Democrat Gov. Jay Nixon, who served eight years as governor during a 30-year political career that also included time as attorney general and a state senator. Four other newly elected Republican statewide officials - Lt. Gov. Mike Parson, Treasurer Eric Schmitt, Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft and Attorney General Josh Hawley - also took the oath of office. Huge U.S. and Missouri flags were draped in front of the Capitol columns and a production company erected a stage with large television screens on either side for those whose may otherwise not have a good view of the ceremony. A B2 bomber flew overhead as Greitens spoke his oath, which was immediately followed by a 19-gun artillery salute. Security at the Capitol was near its tightest ever, a new emphasis from Greitens, who has brought metal detectors back to the building for the first time since 2003. Greitens didn't outline specific policy proposals in his remarks, choosing to save those for a later day. But he pledged action to clean up a Capitol atmosphere that he had repeatedly derided while campaigning. "This is the people's house. And to those who would trouble this house for their own selfish and sinful gain, here me now: I answer to the people, and I come as an outsider to do the people's work," Greitens said. "And I know that the people do not expect miracles, but they do expect results - and we will deliver." While issuing his executive order, Greitens told reporters that it "sets a powerful example" of how he will "clean up the culture of corruption in Jefferson City." The Republican-led Legislature also is acting quickly on ethics issues. A House committee held a rare early morning meeting Monday to endorse a bill that would expand Greitens' executive order by banning lawmakers from accepting most lobbyist gifts besides flowers and honorary plaques. Lawmakers also are expected to team with Greitens to enact a variety of GOP priorities that had been vetoed by Nixon, including a right-to-work bill barring mandatory union fees. A few people held signs near the back of the crowd at Greitens' inauguration, protesting against right-to-work. Greitens also is expected to support efforts to cut down on government regulations, limit liability lawsuits in order to help businesses, enact stricter penalties for people who assault police and expand options for K-12 students' education. Greitens began the day by attending an interfaith prayer service at St. Peter Catholic Church near the Capitol, where he hugged Nixon and his wife, Georganne. In a break with tradition, Greitens skipped a parade to instead host a pre-inaugural ceremony honoring about 150 "heroes" from all walks of life, including law enforcement officers, teachers, farmers and veterans. Each one received a special coin and had the opportunity to pose for a picture with the new governor. Greitens said the event was intended to take the focus off "celebrities" and place it on "the best representatives of the Missouri people." The inaugural celebrations are to end with an evening ball inside the Capitol, where the governor and first lady are to dance to the "Missouri Waltz." The event also is to feature country music singer Sara Evans. Greitens has not revealed how much the privately-funded inaugural festivities cost, but released a list 87 "benefactors" that include businesses such as Anheuser-Busch, Boeing and Wal-Mart. Greitens, 42, grew up in the St. Louis area and joined the Navy after earning a doctoral degree in politics from Oxford University in England. He was wounded in a suicide truck bombing on his barracks while deployed in Iraq. He later founded The Mission Continues, a nonprofit that helps veterans transition to the private-sector through volunteer work, and became a professional public speaker and author. Greitens is hardly the first governor to start a term promising change. Such claims actually are practically a given. The theme of Nixon's first inauguration in 2008 was "A New Day for Missouri." Four years before that, former Republican Gov. Matt Blunt promised "to lead Missouri in a new direction," and four years earlier Democratic Gov. Bob Holden proclaimed "the beginning of a new vision: one bright future, one Missouri." Greitens defeated Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the November election as part of a Republican sweep in which Missouri voters also picked President-elect Donald Trump and re-elected U.S. Sen. Roy Blunt. The only remaining statewide Democratic officeholder is Auditor Nicole Galloway, who was not on the 2016 ballot and had been appointed to the post in 2014 following the death of Republican Auditor Tom Schweich. ___ Associated Press writer Katie Kull contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Greitens takes over as Missouri governor, targets lobbyists Kevin Starr, California's premier historian, dies at 76 Man stabbed during party at university chancellor's home Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Trump team considers relocating White House media corps News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
More → Dining & Drinking Politics & City Life Real Estate Home & Garden Style & Shopping Video Chicago magazine Share this story Edit Module X Dining&Drinking Chicago’s Best Restaurants Arts&Culture Politics&City  Life Real  Estate Style&Shopping Home&Garden Travel Video Best  of  Chicago Marketplace  &  Classifieds Chicago Subscribe / Customer Service Newsletters Politics & City Life Best Schools The Power 50 Top Docs Top Cancer Docs Crime & Law Politics Articles by Carol Felsenthal Articles by Whet Moser Dining & Drinking Secret Supper Restaurant Reviews The Hot List Brunch Bars & Drinking 100 Best Bars Best New Bars Best New Restaurants Best Pizzas Best Steak Houses Best Cheap Eats Chicago’s Best Restaurants Video: Inside Chicago’s Best Restaurants Video: Inside Chicago’s Best Bars Video: In the Kitchen Search Chicago’s Best Restaurants: Go Arts & Culture The Go Listings Architecture Art Books & Readings Comedy Dance Lollapalooza Pitchfork Museums Music Theater Video: Inside Chicago’s Best Theater Video: Inside the Studio Real Estate & Neighborhoods Chicago’s Best Neighborhoods and Suburbs Neighborhood Field Guides Real Estate News Video: Chicago’s Great Neighborhoods Style & Shopping Fashion Sales & Shopping News Taste Makers Home & Garden Interior Design Sales & Shopping News   Video Chicago’s Great Neighborhoods Inside Chicago’s Best Bars Inside Chicago’s Best Restaurants Inside Chicago’s Best Theater Inside the Studio In the Kitchen Travel & Visitor's Guide Travel News & Features Visitor’s Guide Best of Chicago Edit Module Edit Module Edit Module Chicago’s Winners and Losers in Trump’s America How will these local power players fare with the incoming Commander in Chief? By Julie Dugdale Published Monday at 2:38 p.m. The Ricketts Family Photo: Scott Strazzante/Chicago Tribune They poured millions into keeping him out. They suffered the Twitter wrath. They poured millions into getting him in. And suddenly Todd Ricketts found himself with a cabinet nod. Go, Cubs, go.   Marshall Pierce & Company Photo: Courtesy of Marshall Pierce & Company Remember the uproar after Ivanka’s $10,800 bracelet appeared on 60 Minutes? Jerry Bern, owner of the only independent shop in Chicago that sells Ivanka’s jewelry line, got a request for the piece right after the show aired. He’s also seen an uptick in interest in the line since the Trump campaign started.   Trump International Hotel & Tower Photo: Meg Theno/Chicago Tribune Condo sales have been slow at Trump Tower in recent months, says real estate broker Chezi Rafaeli—but that’s typical in both winter and for an election year. About 8 percent of units are for sale—double the percentage in comparable buildings. Yet recently, he says, he’s received calls from interested buyers in Russia and China (hmm).   Boeing Photo: Brian Cassella/Chicago Tribune Look, nobody’s “canceling the order” to upgrade Air Force One. What’s more concerning for the Chicago-based manufacturing behemoth is that Trump continues to poke the bear with China, where a quarter of Boeing’s 737 jets were shipped in 2015.   Chicago Police Department Photo: Courtesy of CPD Trump says a stop-and-frisk policy will curb Chicago’s gun violence. Because racial profiling worked so well in New York City (not). Just what the already embattled CPD needs to build trust with residents.   Bruce Rauner Photo: Jose M. Osorio/Chicago Tribune The governor’s head-in-the-sand strategy during the campaign might’ve earned him a short-term win: He can now cherry-pick where to align himself (see Betsy DeVos and her school choice crusade). But that might not be enough to funnel in the federal dollars Illinois needs. Because revenge. Bye, second term.   Rahm Emanuel Photo: John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune Without the help of the Clinton Express, the mayor’s only viable way forward—locally or nationally—is to pull Chicago and its morale out of disgruntled, gun-riddled quicksand. His closed-door meeting with Trump in December didn’t seem to make a dent in the Donald’s promised immigration policies. This article appears in the February 2017 issue of Chicago magazine. Subscribe to Chicago magazine.   Share Edit Module Advertisement 2016 Election Edit Module Submit your comment Comments are moderated. We review them in an effort to remove foul language, commercial messages, abuse, and irrelevancies. Enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Edit Module Marketplace Events & Party Pix Sponsor Content 900 Shops Holiday Store Guide Dental Profiles Destination DC Education Guide Experience Chicago 2016 Go West Hubbard Woods Design District Make it Lincoln Park Professional Profiles Santa in the City Presented by Carson's Edit Module Advertisement Edit Module Sponsor Content 2017 KIA Soul Named one of Car and Driver's 10 Best Trucks and SUVs By KIA Edit Module Advertisement Get Our Newsletters Please enter your email address Are you 21 or older? Subscribe Edit Module Advertisement Edit Module Subscribe+- Subscribe Subscribe to the Print & Tablet Edition Subscribe to the Digital Edition Download our tablet app for iPad Android Purchase copies of Single Issues Give a gift subscription Edit Module Chicago magazine Advertise Contact Us Marketplace Privacy & Terms Archive Customer Service Newsletters Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Marketplace Privacy Terms Archive Customer Service Newsletters Subscribe © Chicago magazine / A Chicago Tribune Media Group website
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Cloud Computing > IBM Breaks US Patents Record Thanks to Cloud, AI IBM Breaks US Patents Record Thanks to Cloud, AI Jan 9, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Among the more than 8,000 patents awarded to the company last year, about one-third involved cognitive computing or cloud technology. Samsung, Canon, Qualcomm and Alphabet rounded out the global top five. IBM chair, president and CEO Ginni Rommety prepares to deliver a keynote address at CES in Las Vegas. Ethan Miller, Getty Imaegs Advertisement IBM received a record-breaking number of U.S. patents in 2016, topping the list for the 24th consecutive year, showing the efforts the company is making to expand its business into products that process and analyze vast amounts of health-care data. International Business Machines Corp. was awarded 8,088 patents in 2016, it said Monday. The top five winners remained the same as the previous year, with Samsung Electronics Co., Canon Inc., Qualcomm Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google nabbing those spots, according to data compiled by IFI Claims Patent Services, a unit of Fairview Research LLC. IBM has been working to turn around its business by putting more resources into cognitive computing, which adds a layer of data analytics and machine learning to software and information in order to pull out computer-generated insights and automate processes. CEO Ginni Rometty has been targeting the health-care industry specifically, which she often refers to as the company’s “moonshot.” “What drives the company’s focus on it is the underlying fact that health care is an instance of people drowning in data,” Chief Innovation Officer Bernie Meyerson said, adding that emerging technologies such as cheaper genomic sequencing are going to create even more health care-related information. “If you don’t have a system that can deal with that data in volume, then the physician has no chance.” Popular Now Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 Millennial Retention Needs More Attention Farewell, Landy: Historic Factory Photos of the Land Rover Defender Some of IBM’s patents last year involve using cardiac images to characterize the shape and motion of the heart and help detect cardiac disease, a drone that would be able to measure contamination in places like hospitals and on manufacturing floors and a method to plan routes based on a traveler’s mood. More than 2,700 of the 2016 patents involved cognitive computing or cloud technology, the company said in a statement. While about 100 patents directly involved health care, many of the more cognitive computing ones could also be applied to the industry, Meyerson said. IBM consistently spends about 6% of its annual revenue on research and development. Among the top 50 recipients of patents, U.S. companies got 41% of the total, according to IFI. Amazon.com Inc., Apple Inc. Boeing Co. and Cisco Systems Inc. were among the big gainers. In contrast, Japanese tech companies saw decreases in the patent awards from a year ago. “The Japanese companies are always very strong,” said Larry Cady, a senior analyst with IFI. “They remain the No. 2 country, but the total number of grants went down across the board.” Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning Korean, Taiwanese and Chinese companies getting an increasing number of patents, and may eventually reach the levels of Japanese companies, he said. A record total 304,126 patents were issued in 2016, about 2% more than 2015. Computers, telecommunications and semiconductor patents dominated among the top recipients, Cady said. By Jing Cao and Susan Decker Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles IBM's New Computer Chips Can Mimic Human Brain Merck Wins Record $2.5 Billion Patent Verdict Against Gilead IBM Unveils Potentially Breakthrough Computer Chip IBM's Patent/Licensing Connection Nokia Seeks Patent for Tattoos that Vibrate with Incoming Calls THE LATEST Ball Corporation: Finding Innovation Everywhere Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners 2017 NED Innovation Award Finalists Blockchain: The Next Evolution of Supply Chains Another Day, Another Scandal: Renault Latest Dieselgate Target More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Deploying Network Address Translation within a Converged Plantwide Ethernet Architecture The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA View All Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Ben Torres/Bloomberg IBM Breaks Record in U.S. Patents With Cloud, AI and Health Bets by Jing Cao @jinglebellscao More stories by Jing Cao and Susan Decker @sudecker1 More stories by Susan Decker January 9, 2017, 12:01 AM EST Received 8,088 in 2016, heading the list for 24 straight year Samsung, Canon, Qualcom, Google round out the top five IBM received a record-breaking number of U.S. patents in 2016, topping the list for the 24th consecutive year, showing the efforts the company is making to expand its business into products that process and analyze vast amounts of health-care data. International Business Machines Corp. was awarded 8,088 patents in 2016, it said Monday. The top five winners remained the same as the previous year, with Samsung Electronics Co., Canon Inc., Qualcomm Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google nabbing those spots, according to data compiled by IFI Claims Patent Services, a unit of Fairview Research LLC. IBM has been working to turn around its business by putting more resources into cognitive computing, which adds a layer of data analytics and machine learning to software and information in order to pull out computer-generated insights and automate processes. Chief Executive Officer Ginni Rometty has been targeting the health-care industry specifically, which she often refers to as the company’s “moonshot.” Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter “What drives the company’s focus on it is the underlying fact that health care is an instance of people drowning in data,” Chief Innovation Officer Bernie Meyerson said, adding that emerging technologies such as cheaper genomic sequencing are going to create even more health care-related information. “If you don’t have a system that can deal with that data in volume, then the physician has no chance.” Some of IBM’s patents last year involve using cardiac images to characterize the shape and motion of the heart and help detect cardiac disease, a drone that would be able to measure contamination in places like hospitals and on manufacturing floors and a method to plan routes based on a traveler’s mood. More than 2,700 of the 2016 patents involved cognitive computing or cloud technology, the company said in a statement. While about 100 patents directly involved health care, many of the more cognitive computing ones could also be applied to the industry, Meyerson said. IBM consistently spends about 6 percent of its annual revenue on research and development. Among the top 50 recipients of patents, U.S. companies got 41 percent of the total, according to IFI. Amazon.com Inc., Apple Inc. Boeing Co. and Cisco Systems Inc. were among the big gainers. In contrast, Japanese tech companies saw decreases in the patent awards from a year ago. “The Japanese companies are always very strong,” said Larry Cady, a senior analyst with IFI. “They remain the No. 2 country, but the total number of grants went down across the board.” Korean, Taiwanese and Chinese companies getting an increasing number of patents, and may eventually reach the levels of Japanese companies, he said. A record total 304,126 patents were issued in 2016, about 2 percent more than 2015. Computers, telecommunications and semiconductor patents dominated among the top recipients, Cady said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Attack Helicopter Market 2017 by Trends, Growth and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Attack Helicopter Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 09, 2017 ) Attack helicopters or gunships are designed to carry heavy armaments such as anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs) like Hellfire, auto canons, unguided rockets, heavy machine guns, and air-to-air missiles. The air-to-air missiles carried by them are mostly deployed for self-defense purposes. In addition, attack helicopters attack enemy tanks, flanks, and rear, which provides strategic support and assistance to the ground forces to maneuver and engage with hostile forces. In recent years, the threats imposed on civilian life have increased rapidly, particularly due to the rise in terrorism and cross-border insurgent activities. Therefore, development and procurement of attack helicopters have been increased in recent years to have a highly efficient and effective aerial attack force. Publisher's analysts forecast the global attack helicopter market to grow at a CAGR of 5.21% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-attack-helicopter-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global attack helicopter market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of attack helicopters globally. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Attack Helicopter Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Airbus Helicopters - Bell Helicopter - Boeing - HAL Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001508354/sample . Other prominent vendors - Denel - Turkish Aerospace Industries - Leonardo - Finmeccanica - MD Helicopters - Russian Helicopters Market driver - Growing deployment of attack helicopters in war zones - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Delays in attack helicopters programs - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Emergence of multi-role attack helicopters - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001508354/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Monday, January 16, 2017 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Sabah  Xiamen Airlines makes inaugural flight to KK January 10, 2017, Tuesday Shalina R. KOTA KINABALU: Xiamen Airlines’ inaugural direct flight from Fuzhou to Kota Kinabalu yesterday marked this city as its official gateway city into East Malaysia. Xiamen Airlines Kuala Lumpur Office general manager Guo Yuan said the three times weekly non-stop three-and-a-half-hour flight between the cities will not only create a convenient channel for Chinese nationals to enjoy a short holiday escape in a popular tourist destination, but also connect East Malaysia to its newest Amsterdam and New York airline destinations. “So far, most of the booking is 80% from Fuzhou on this route. More and more Chinese nationals are interested to visit Sabah,” said Guo at the inaugural flight ceremony at the Kota Kinabalu International Airport (KKIA) here yesterday. “Through this route, they can transit at Fuzhou on their way to our new destinations New York in America and Amsterdam in Europe as well as other international places,” he added. The Xiamen Airlines Boeing 737-800 aircraft landed at KKIA around 5.45pm with an almost full load of 155 passengers, whilst the returning flight, scheduled to depart to Fuzhou at 6.35pm had a 60% load factor. “Southeast Asia is Xiamen Airlines’ all time strategic market. It is our great honor to have this opportunity to contribute to the economic development, cultural exchange as well as the mutual cooperation as an airline company. The new route is expected to continue the growing passenger visits from China to Malaysia,” said Guo. Xiamen is a member of Skyteam Alliance with a fleet of more than 165 Boeing Aircraft, and China’s only airline with an all-Boeing fleet. The airline, based in the city of Xiamen of Fujian Province, China, operates other non-stop flights between Fujian and Kuala Lumpur. What do you think of this story? Great (100%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Weighing bridge to curb truck overloading Price of mandarin oranges to rise by 30% → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Adenan's daughter pens emotional tribute in Facebook post Sarawak ‘mourns’ with hope Four Sarawakians arrested for IS activities Park in memory of Adenan Rafidah remembers her father Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska SecondMuse Ushers in 2017 with New Chief Operating Officer Joel Carnes is key hire for rapidly expanding global innovation agency News provided by SecondMuse Jan 09, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SecondMuse, a global innovation and collaboration agency, announced today that Joel Carnes will join the company as Chief Operating Officer. Carnes brings to SecondMuse nearly twenty years of wide-ranging corporate and nonprofit experience in strategic and tactical management experience, during which he has led projects in fifteen countries across five continents. In this new role, Carnes will oversee the company's daily operations and help drive the company's multi-faceted business growth strategies. "At SecondMuse, our positive impact comes from the businesses we accelerate as well as from the unique networks we cultivate," says SecondMuse partner Todd Khozein. "The next phase of the SecondMuse evolution is to sharpen our organizational structures and globally scale the incredibly impactful work we've done throughout the past decade. Joel's deep experience and his dedication to the SecondMuse mission will help get us there." SecondMuse Carnes joins SecondMuse, as the company rapidly expands. Known for designing and mobilizing coordinated approaches to complex global challenges and identifying revolutionary opportunities for collaboration and network-centered innovation, SecondMuse has an impressive assembly of partners, including Nike, Inc., NASA, Intel, USAID and the World Bank Group. Previously, Carnes served as the Vice President of Operations and Strategy at XPRIZE where, in only three years, he led the nonprofit innovation engine's product team to a 400% portfolio increase.  "The problems that humans face don't respect the boundaries we've created," says Carnes. "SecondMuse has an impressive history of achievement, and a world-class list of partners and clients, but it was the values-driven culture that really attracted me to this opportunity. Starting from a human-centered approach, we are building an open, collaborative ecosystem that encourages the free flow of information and partnership across our networks, to create a world of beauty and dignity, for all." Carnes brings with him an expansive record of integrating, aligning and propelling product research, design and development teams at multiple global entertainment corporations. Beginning in 2010, Carnes served in various strategic management capacities at Disney Interactive Media Group, Walt Disney Imagineering and Activision. During his four years as the Director of Operations and Client Services at Trifecta, an online training platform for clinical study investigators, Carnes integrated technology solutions and developed key operational processes. Additionally, he managed the development of Nestle USA's corporate intranet and has served as a consultant in media, software and human capital management for high-profile, international brands, across multiple sectors, including Boeing and Motorola. Carnes earned a B.A. in Social Ecology from University of California, Irvine, and is a frequent speaker on advanced work in Leadership, Organizational Design and Exponential Technologies. SecondMuse SecondMuse is a certified B Corporation, a pioneering innovation and collaboration company that uses the power of business to solve social and environmental problems. Since 2009, SecondMuse has teamed up with high-impact partners and brands, including NASA, Intel, Google, NIKE, Inc., IKEA, USAID, the World Bank Group, and the Australian Aid program, and reached across six continents, to screen more than 30,000 solutions, 13,000 entrepreneurs and prototypes and to accelerate 100+ companies. In addition, SecondMuse's cutting edge storytelling campaigns empower people to tell authentic stories, that ignite connections and inspire action. Discover additional information about SecondMuse through the company's digital magazine Issuu and at www.secondmuse.com. Follow SecondMuse on Twitter @SecondMuse and on Facebook at www.Facebook.com/Secondmuse.  Media Contact: Cara Philbin / cara.philbin@secondmuse.com This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/secondmuse-ushers-in-2017-with-new-chief-operating-officer-300387580.html SOURCE SecondMuse Related Links http://www.secondmuse.com Sep 15, 2015, 06:00 ET Preview: Veteran NPR Journalist Joins Open Innovation Agency as Chief Storyteller My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: SecondMuse Ushers in 2017 with New Chief Operating Officer News provided by SecondMuse Jan 09, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Aeromexico Reports December 2016 Traffic Results By Published: Jan 9, 2017 9:08 a.m. ET Share MEXICO CITY, Jan. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. ("Aeromexico") (bmv:AEROMEX) today reported December 2016 operational results. Grupo Aeromexico transported 1 million 762 thousand passengers in December, a 6.6% year-on-year increase. International passenger numbers increased by 8.4% while domestic passenger numbers increased by 5.6%. Demand, measured in Revenue Passenger Kilometers (RPKs), increased by 11.9%, year-on-year. Aeromexico's capacity, measured in Available Seat Kilometers (ASKs), increased by 10.0% year-on-year. Aeromexico's December load factor was 80.5%, an increase of 1.3 p.p. compared to the same period of 2015. Aeromexico's 2016 load factor was 80.3%, an increase of 0.6 p.p. compared to 2015.    December   YTD December  2016 2015  Var  2016 2015  Var   RPKs (itinerary + charter, millions)   Domestic  1,067 971 9.9% 11,755 10,971 7.1%  International  2,121 1,878 12.9% 23,021 21,144 8.9%  Total  3,188 2,849 11.9% 34,776 32,115 8.3%  ASKs (itinerary + charter, millions)   Domestic  1,350 1,228 9.9% 14,949 14,112 5.9%  International  2,610 2,373 10.0% 28,413 26,262 8.2%  Total  3,960 3,601 10.0% 43,362 40,374 7.4%  Load Factor (itinerary, %)  p.p. p.p.  Domestic  79.0 79.1 -0.1 78.7 77.8 0.8  International  81.3 79.2 2.0 81.1 80.7 0.4  Total  80.5 79.2 1.3 80.3 79.7 0.6  Passengers (itinerary + charter, thousands)   Domestic  1,146 1,085 5.6% 13,047 12,580 3.7%  International  616 568 8.4% 6,656 6,188 7.6%  Total  1,762 1,654 6.6% 19,703 18,769 5.0%   Figures may not sum to total due to rounding. The information included within this report has not been audited and does not provide information on the Company ' s future performance. Aeromexico ' s future performance depends on many factors and it cannot be inferred that any period ' s performance or its year-over-year comparison will be an indicator of similar future performance. Glossary:  "RPKs" Revenue Passenger Kilometers represent one revenue-passenger transported one kilometer. This includes itinerary and charter flights. The total RPKs equals the number of revenue-passengers transported multiplied by the total distance flown. "ASKs" Available Seat Kilometers represent the number of available seats multiplied by the distance flown. This metric is an indicator of the airline's capacity. It equals one seat offered for one kilometer, whether or not the seat is used. "Load Factor" equals the number of passengers transported as a percentage of the number of seats offered. It is a measure of the airline's capacity utilization. This metric takes into account the total passengers transported and total seats available in itinerary flights only. "Passengers" refers to the total number of passengers transported by the airline. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 20 in the United States and Canada, 15 in Latin America, four in Europe and two in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170, 175 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet,  with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.comhttp://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aeromexico-reports-december-2016-traffic-results-300387681.html SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News People will teach BJP lesson in UP polls: Jat leader Business Standard Vibrant Gujarat Summit to begin tomorrow Press Trust of India  |  Ahmedabad  January 9, 2017 Last Updated at 12:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USb7pi ALSO READ Rwanda, Kenya Presidents to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit Modi to inaugurate Vibrant Gujarat summit on Jan 10 Vibrant Gujarat Summit Modi's 'self-marketing tool': Cong Presidents of Kenya, Rwanda to visit India next week Six Nobel laureates to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2017 A host of foreign leaders and top global and Indian CEOs will attend the 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, which will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow. This time, the state expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore during the Summit, which was launched by Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In its last addition in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state. Around 20 heads of state and ministers from across the world would attend the event this year. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State, will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. Modi will interact with some of them ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event-- USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration, Modi will attend CEO's conference, which will be participated by top global and Indian industry leaders. Out of these top 50, 25 are from India and the rest from countries like USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. They include Chairman of technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who also leads a US business delegation, President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and CEO of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers including Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on key topics including GST, in which Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel will participate, have also been planned on the sidelines of the event. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Read More On National News | Vibrant Gujarat Summit | Narendra Modi | Gujarat | Kenya | Narendra | Russia PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Vibrant Gujarat Summit to begin tomorrow A host of foreign leaders and top global and Indian CEOs will attend the 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, which will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow. This time, the state expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore during the Summit, which was launched by Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In its last addition in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state. Around 20 heads of state and ministers from across the world would attend the event this year. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State, will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry . A host of foreign leaders and top global and Indian CEOs will attend the 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, which will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow. This time, the state expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore during the Summit, which was launched by Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In its last addition in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state. Around 20 heads of state and ministers from across the world would attend the event this year. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State, will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. Modi will interact with some of them ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event-- USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration, Modi will attend CEO's conference, which will be participated by top global and Indian industry leaders. Out of these top 50, 25 are from India and the rest from countries like USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. They include Chairman of technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who also leads a US business delegation, President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and CEO of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers including Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on key topics including GST, in which Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel will participate, have also been planned on the sidelines of the event. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Vibrant Gujarat Summit to begin tomorrow A host of foreign leaders and top global and Indian CEOs will attend the 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, which will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow. This time, the state expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore during the Summit, which was launched by Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In its last addition in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state. Around 20 heads of state and ministers from across the world would attend the event this year. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State, will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. Modi will interact with some of them ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event-- USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration, Modi will attend CEO's conference, which will be participated by top global and Indian industry leaders. Out of these top 50, 25 are from India and the rest from countries like USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. They include Chairman of technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who also leads a US business delegation, President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and CEO of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers including Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on key topics including GST, in which Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel will participate, have also been planned on the sidelines of the event. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Time to Dig Dow Stocks As 20,000 Approaches ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Time to Dig Dow Stocks As 20,000 Approaches By Tom Lydon Published January 09, 2017 ETFs FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print (Courtney Crawford/FOX Business) The Dow Jones Industrial Average was one point short of 20,000 on Friday, bringing renewed attention on the storied benchmark index and related exchange traded funds. Continue Reading Below The Dow Jones Industrial Average, or simply the Dow, rose to as much as 19,999.63 on Friday or just shy of the widely anticipated 20,000 landmark as a strong jobs report helped further fuel the post-election rally. The equities rally has been bolstered by hopes of business-friendly policies under a new Donald Trump administration after the President-elect promised to enact $1 trillion in infrastructure spending, corporate tax cuts and potentially repeal regulatory hurdles. Furthermore, many anticipate earnings to return to growth after five consecutive quarters of declines, especially with energy stocks rebounding on rising crude oil prices and the strengthening economic outlook. With the renewed focus on the Dow, ETF investors have also jumped on the momentum with Dow-related ETFs, such as the SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (NYSEArca:DIA), which tracks the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and the Guggenheim Dow Jones Industrial Average Dividend ETF (NYSEArca:DJD), which weighs the 30 Dow stocks by yield. More From FOXBusiness.com... Bank ETFs Look to Keep Their Momentum Currency-Hedged U.K. ETFs Are Making a Record Run China ETFs can Deliver in 2017 Potential investors, though, should be aware that the Dow isn't like your normal market capitalization-weighted index, such as the S&P 500. The major difference between the two indices is found in their indexing methodology. The Dow focuses on a price-weighted average of 30 stocks while the S&P 500 is a market capitalization-weighted index of 500 large companies. The Dow is composed of the 30 largest companies in the U.S. across a number of sectors. Holdings are selected by the editors of the Wall Street Journal. Since the index follows price-weighted methodology, components with higher prices will have a larger impact on the daily movements in the Dow, which has drawn some criticism over its somewhat arbitrary weighting method. Daily changes in the Dow are calculated by adding prices of the 30 Dow stocks and then divided by the “Dow Divisor.” Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Currently, DIA's top holdings include Goldman Sachs Group (GS) 8.3%, 3M Co. (MMM) 6.1%, International Business Machines (IBM) 5.8%, UnitedHealth Group (UNH) 5.6% and Boeing Company (BA) 5.5%. Sector weights include industrials 19.7%, financials 17.9%, information technology 17.0%, consumer discretionary 14.3%, health care 12.8%, Energy 7.1%, consumer staples 6.7%, materials 2.5% and telecom services 1.9%. In contrast, the S&P 500 is more diversified, with its largest holding Apple (Nasdaq:AAPL) account for a little over 3%. Additionally, The S&P 500 overweights information technology, with more evenly spread out weights in its other sector positions. Meanwhile, the newer DJD weights positions on dividends, with top holdings including Chevron (CVX) 5.7%, Verizon Communications (VZ) 5.3%, Caterpillar (CAT), 5.0% Boeing (BA) 4.8% and International Business Machines (IBM) 4.4%. Sector allocations include industrials 18.9%, information technology 18.4%, healthcare 13.4%, consumer staples 11.4%, financials 11.0%, energy 9.5%, consumer discretionary 9.5%, telecom services 5.3% and materials 2.6%. Due to its weighting methodology, DJD comes with a slightly higher 2.47% 12-month yield, compared to DIA's 2.26% 12-month yield. However, DIA shows a cheaper 0.17% expense ratio, compared to DJD's 0.30% expense ratio, which diminishes the positive effect from the dividend-focused ETF's higher yield. This article was provided courtesy of our partners at etftrends.com. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Four dead after Chile plane crash Meryl Streep slams Donald Trump in passionate speech at Globes Business Standard 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to commence tomorrow Press Trust of India  |  Ahmedabad  January 9, 2017 Last Updated at 09:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USb7mt ALSO READ Modi to inaugurate Vibrant Gujarat summit on Jan 10 Vibrant Gujarat Summit Modi's 'self-marketing tool': Cong Preparations for Vibrant Summit over: Gujarat government Six Nobel laureates to attend Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2017 Modi to inaugurate Vibrant Gujarat summit next month The 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will be inaugurated tomorrow by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and Indian CEOs and several business houses expected to participate in it. This time the state government expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore from the at Summit, which was the brain child of Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. Around 20 heads of state and ministers representing different governments across the world would attend the 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. PM Modi will interect with some of the top state heads ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit tomorrow. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event. They are - USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration ceremony, Modi will attend CEO's conference in which top global and Indian industry leaders will participate. Out of these top 50 industry leaders, 25 will be from India while the remaining will be from other countries, such as USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Read More On National News | Vibrant Gujarat Summit | Gujarat | Narendra Modi | Government | Narendra PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to commence tomorrow The 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will be inaugurated tomorrow by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and Indian CEOs and several business houses expected to participate in it. This time the state government expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore from the at Summit, which was the brain child of Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. Around 20 heads of state and ministers representing different governments across the world would attend the 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent The 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will be inaugurated tomorrow by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and Indian CEOs and several business houses expected to participate in it. This time the state government expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore from the at Summit, which was the brain child of Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. Around 20 heads of state and ministers representing different governments across the world would attend the 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. PM Modi will interect with some of the top state heads ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit tomorrow. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event. They are - USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration ceremony, Modi will attend CEO's conference in which top global and Indian industry leaders will participate. Out of these top 50 industry leaders, 25 will be from India while the remaining will be from other countries, such as USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to commence tomorrow The 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will be inaugurated tomorrow by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and Indian CEOs and several business houses expected to participate in it. This time the state government expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore from the at Summit, which was the brain child of Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. Around 20 heads of state and ministers representing different governments across the world would attend the 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. PM Modi will interect with some of the top state heads ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit tomorrow. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event. They are - USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration ceremony, Modi will attend CEO's conference in which top global and Indian industry leaders will participate. Out of these top 50 industry leaders, 25 will be from India while the remaining will be from other countries, such as USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Footballnext Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Australian Open Pro Wrestling #SWAGphoneIsComing Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Footballnext Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenPro Wrestling#SWAGphoneIsComing Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Australian Open Pro Wrestling #SWAGphoneIsComing PM Modi to Inaugurate 8th Edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit on Jan 10 I Preyed on Children, Sexually Abused Them, Confesses Delhi Tailor Indian-American Congresswoman to Not Attend Trump's Inauguration Govt Committed to Provide Comfort to Security Forces: Union Minister LIVE POWEReD BY News18 » India 2-min read PM Modi to Inaugurate 8th Edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit on Jan 10 IANS First published: January 9, 2017, 10:53 AM IST | Updated: 6 days ago Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani with leading industrialists at Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit (Photo: Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2017) Ahmedabad: The 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will be inaugurated on Tuesday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and Indian CEOs and several business houses expected to participate in it. This time the state government expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore from the at Summit, which was the brain child of Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. Around 20 heads of state and ministers representing different governments across the world would attend the 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. PM Modi will interect with some of the top state heads ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit on Tuesday. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event. They are - USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration ceremony, Modi will attend CEO's conference in which top global and Indian industry leaders will participate. Out of these top 50 industry leaders, 25 will be from India while the remaining will be from other countries, such as USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Indian CEOs Narendra Modi vibrant gujarat global summit Recommended For You Complete List62nd Jio Filmfare Awards: Aamir's Dangal, Alia Bhatt Win Top Honours in the netHow Bed-ridden Sumit Became 'Crazy Sumit' of Kiss-and-Run Videos wedding bellsYogeshwar Dutt's Golden Gesture, Accepts Re 1 as Dowry Powerful!Ashamed to be Nominated For Baaghi: Amaal Mallik Slams Indian Award Shows Oops!Vin Diesel Calls Ranveer Deepika's Boyfriend And Her Smile Just Confirms It! From Our Network NAC files show how Sonia-led elitists eroded PMO primacy and undermined the Constitution- FirstPost Trump accepts US intelligence on Russia hacking, says top aide- FirstPost Research in India Part 1: Local solutions needed to deal with unique problems- FirstPost About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Bollywood Wants Its Stars To Look Like Brad Pitt, Kim Kardashian: Celebrity Hairstylist Middle East Needs Peace, World Diplomats Tell Trump, Israel Alia Bhatt's Family Has The Sweetest Congratulatory Messages For Her Best Actress Win Paresh Rawal To Play Sanjay Dutt's Father In Biopic Paris Summit: Need to End Israeli Occupation of Palestine Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 9:33 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology SpaceX Falcon 9 Launch Update: Bad Weather Forces Company To Postpone Comeback Launch To Jan. 14 By Avaneesh Pandey @avaneeshp88 On 01/09/17 AT 12:41 AM Close SpaceX’s upcoming Falcon 9 launch has been postponed, again. The launch, originally scheduled to take place on Jan. 8, had been pushed back to Jan. 9, and on Sunday, it was rescheduled to Jan. 14 due to a forecast of heavy winds and rains at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The rocket will carry 10 satellites to low-Earth orbit for the communications company Iridium. The launch will end a four-and-a-half month gap in SpaceX’s satellite launch operations. The company had put its launches on hold on Sept. 1, when an explosion destroyed one of its Falcon 9 rockets and a $200 million AMOS-6 communications satellite it was carrying. Last week, after an in-depth Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)-monitored investigation, SpaceX announced it had pinpointed the cause of the mishap. Its investigation revealed “buckles” in the inner liner of one of the composite overwrapped pressure vessels (COPVs), which are used to store liquid helium. Related Stories SpaceX, Boeing Win NASA Contracts For Crewed ISS Missions SpaceX Releases Teaser For 'World's Most Powerful Rocket' “Although buckles were not shown to burst a COPV on their own, investigators concluded that super chilled liquid oxygen can pool in these buckles under the overwrap. When pressurized, oxygen pooled in this buckle can become trapped; in turn, breaking fibers or friction can ignite the oxygen in the overwrap, causing the COPV to fail,” SpaceX explained in an anomaly update. “In addition, investigators determined that the loading temperature of the helium was cold enough to create solid oxygen, which exacerbates the possibility of oxygen becoming trapped as well as the likelihood of friction ignition.” In order to prevent such catastrophic COPV failure, the company plans to — in the short-term — change the way it loads helium, and, in the long term, implement design changes to the COPV to stop it from buckling. “The corrective actions address all credible causes and focus on changes which avoid the conditions that led to these credible causes,” SpaceX said. The conclusions of the investigation were approved by the FAA on Friday, which authorized SpaceX to carry out seven launches of its Falcon 9 version 1.2 rockets. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Politics and Nation LATEST NEWS India, UAE ties to turn strategic during crown prince’s Republic-day visit Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionEntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Equipment & OrdnanceMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsPeopleCommunication & Cyber International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented ET Home›News›Politics and Nation 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் LIVE BLOG: Look who is moving my market today Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to commence tomorrow By PTI | Updated: Jan 09, 2017, 10.33 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit | US business delegation | Sweden | Singapore | prime minister Narendra Modi | Poland | Netherlands In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. AHMEDABAD: The 8th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit will be inaugurated tomorrow by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which will be held on a mega scale this time with many head of states, top global and Indian CEOs and several business houses expected to participate in it. This time the state government expects to receive investment proposals of more than Rs 25 lakh crore from the at Summit, which was the brain child of Modi when he was the chief minister of Gujarat. In the seventh addition of the summit held in January 2015, Rs 25 lakh crore investment proposals were received by the state government. Around 20 heads of state and ministers representing different governments across the world would attend the 8th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit. Nisha Desai Biswal, an Indian-American serving as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State will remain present along with large US business delegation. Other prominent dignitaries are - President of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame, Prime Minister of Portugal, Antonio Costa, PM of Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, Deputy PM of Russia, Dmitry Rogozin, first Deputy PM and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Poland, Poitr Glinski. PM Modi will interect with some of the top state heads ahead of the formal inauguration of the Summit tomorrow. This time, 12 nations have agreed to become partner countries for the event. They are - USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Japan, The Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Sweden and UAE. Representatives of these countries will come with large business delegations. After the inauguration ceremony, Modi will attend CEO's conference in which top global and Indian industry leaders will participate. Out of these top 50 industry leaders, 25 will be from India while the remaining will be from other countries, such as USA, Japan, France, UK, Netherlands and Taiwan among others, said Additional Chief Secretary (industries and mines) P K Taneja. These industry leaders include Chairman of global technology giant Cisco, John Chambers, who will also lead a US business delegation. Others are President of Boeing International Bertrand-Marc Allen and Chief Executive Officer of French electricity giant EDF, Jean-Bernard Levy. Apart from more than 1500 national and international delegates, heads of state and industry leaders from across the world, as many as 12 central ministers inclduing Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitely will attend the event. Seminars on several topics including GST will be held in the next two days of the Summit. The seminar on GST will have particpation of Jaitley and RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! READ MORE ON » Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit | US business delegation | Sweden | Singapore | prime minister Narendra Modi | Poland | Netherlands To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Instead of immigrants, automation may take away more jobs CIA director warns Donald Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia India 'incomplete' without Pakistan's Sindh: BJP patriarch LK Advani Think young, take risks: PM Modi's message to senior bureaucrats No PMO sanction for using PM Modi picture in khadi calender More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This app will send you alerts when Donald Trump tweets about stocks you own Nathan McAlone Jan. 4, 2017, 6:30 PM 12,123 facebook linkedin twitter email print Donald Trump. Carlo Allegri/Reuters When President-elect Donald Trump tweets about a public company, the market listens.  And if you hold the stock of one of the companies that has come into Trump's crosshairs, finance app Trigger thinks you'll want to know about it. The free iPhone app works by letting you set up financial "triggers," which you can then use to guide your investment decisions. For example, you can set a reminder to sell a stock when its price reaches a certain level, moves a specific percentage, hits a one-year low or high, and so on. When the condition occurs, Trigger sends you a notification, and you can decide whether to act on it. Now the company has rolled out a special "Trump trigger." The trigger "gives you the ability to trade stocks based off of Trump’s tweets about public companies," the startup wrote. Basically, the trigger works by notifying you if Trump tweets about a publicly traded stock that you own, in real time. Trump has tweeted about companies from Apple to Amazon to AT&T — and that's just the A's. In some cases, such as when Trump blasted Boeing for the cost of a new Air Force One jet, the aerospace company's stock immediately fell nearly 2%. Should this pattern continue during Trump's presidency, it's not difficult to see why investors might want to be quickly alerted to tweets about their holdings.  Trigger Trigger characterized the Trump trigger as the first step toward the startup using "not just price based data but relevant world events to condense into simple IF this, THEN that rules." Expect a bunch of varied types of financial signals in the future. If the idea of setting up these types of notifications for your investments intrigues you, check out Trigger's website, or its iPhone app. Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: The battle lines are being drawn in the fight over Obamacare NOW WATCH: How Russia's most advanced military equipment stacks up against NATO hardware Loading video... More: Trigger Donald Trump Stock Market Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This app will send you alerts when Donald Trump tweets about stocks you own This app will send you alerts when Donald Trump tweets about stocks you own When President-elect Donald Trump tweets about... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
» · DonaldTrump · Trump · AffordableCareAct · Obamacare · Community · Russia · Republicans · Politics · VladimirPutin · JohnLewis · Inauguration · HealthCare · Elections · GOP · BarackObama · Democrats · Resistance · BernieSanders · Media · Obama · PaulRyan · election · rescued · repeal · CivilRights · Racism · ClimateChange · OpenThread · Comey · Environment Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes.But according... Sign the petition: Reject any Trump Supreme Court nominee After Justice Scalia died, Senate Republicans refused to even consider any Supreme Court replacement that President Obama... Send a letter to U.S. Senators: Block Jeff Sessions from becoming the next Attorney General Send a letter to U.S. Senators: Block Jeff Sessions' appointment as Attorney General. **NOTE: THE FORM LETTER IS BLANK. WE... See All 10 Campaigns » Front Page Queue Stream Members Following Profile Making NASA great again? By DarkSyde   Sunday Jan 08, 2017 · 5:15 PM PST 2017/01/08 · 17:15 85 Comments Share this article 69 69 69 The proposed Ares vehicles, primary workhorse of the Space Launch System (SLS) compared in gross dimensions to predecessors like the space shuttle and Saturn V. Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS NASA Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 85 Comments Share this article 69 69 69 The proposed Ares vehicles, primary workhorse of the Space Launch System (SLS) compared in gross dimensions to predecessors like the space shuttle and Saturn V. The eastern shore of central Florida is strangely quiet these days. In years past, mighty rockets split the sky on long pillars of flame, startling flocks of water birds and lulling huge gators out of the nearby marshes to rumble along in the infrasonic. First, it was the Saturn V, a giant among its kind, thundering almost cautiously into orbit and beyond, its tiny Apollo payload perched on top, bound for the moon. Then it was followed by the STS, better known as the Space Shuttle, a sleek winged sci-fi looking space plane piggy-backed on two solid state boosters, rising so often over the Atlantic it got to be routine.  It was never routine for those of us who lived here. Even the widest-screen TV cannot capture the splendor and scope of a shuttle launch. Especially at night, when the SRB’s first lit up, turning the entire eastern horizon pink and orange, as if the world were ending, as if sun had gone nova and risen in fiery protest one last time. As the stack rose it would cast tremendous, flickering shadows of anti-orange on the ground, and it would throw colored, moving shadows into any lingering clouds above. You could watch it with the naked eye right into low Earth orbit until it finally winked out, curving over the far edge of the planet. It was a glorious and powerful sight. NASA was great in those days. But those days are gone, and the political climate has reversed itself. This sudden change in both leadership style and political party could not have come at a worse time for NASA. We’ll review the primary conflict over the future of NASA in broad strokes below. NASA remains popular thanks to beautiful images from the Hubble Space Telescope, and of course thanks to the shuttle and those successful Apollo project beginning more than 50 years ago. A replacement to Hubble already in late-stage testing could extend that legacy. Unmanned successes like Mars Curiosity and New Horizons certainly don’t hurt the agency’s reputation with the public. But NASA has always been vulnerable to political winds. Regime changes can be devastating to programs that take a decade or more to launch, and more years to deliver results to a taxpaying public that suffers from an ever-decreasing attention span in the age of 140-character policy making, or 15 minutes of Facebook fame. NASA was already at a crossroads. There is of course the alarming and well reported Trumpian animosity toward funding for NASA Earth science: Walker (inaccurately) said that "half" the world's climate scientists doubt that humans are warming the planet. Walker wants to shift new climate research from NASA to other government agencies, such as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.  … "We're not going to stand for that," said astrobiologist David Grinspoon in a recent interview with Indre Viskontas on our Inquiring Minds podcast. "We're going to keep doing Earth science and make the case for it. We'll get scientists to march on Washington if we have to. There's going to be a lot of resistance.” But the biggest battle will be over the Space Launch System, or SLS. It’s affectionately called the Senate Launch System by opponents—but the SLS is no joke. A lot of dollars and careers hang in the balance, and its destination isn’t the ISS or even the moon. The SLS is an integrated system that can take the first humans to Mars and beyond featuring a sweet, huge new booster similar to the legendary Saturn V. But it’s facing off against the upstarts, companies like SpaceX and Blue Origins, created by billionaires like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos, collectively referred to under the umbrella term NewSpace. The question then becomes: what’s the best bang for the space-buck, and how might those decisions impact NASA, the aerospace industry, and the taxpaying general public? This is all coming to a head at a chaotic time. A new, wholly unpredictable, and at times volatile administration is about to seize the White House. Donald Trump makes George W. Bush look like a Nobel Laureate when it comes to science in general. But most Americans in his age cohort have fond memories of NASA. They don’t want to be the people found guilty of murdering it. That might work in favor of space science, in this one isolated instance. The looming bare-knuckle brawl will be fought in the corporate arena, between traditional aerospace contractors like Lockheed and Boeing who would garner considerable Ares business, and alternatives like SpaceX’s Falcon 9 or Falcon Heavy series. That struggle plays out in unexpected ways. Conservatives with NASA facilities in their regions, like Huntsville and Houston, end up staunchly supporting Big Government Science programs, whereas progressive politicians in other places that would benefit from NewSpace find themselves arguing for lean and mean private contractors. Traditional aerospace contractors have well-established lobbies hard at work on the House and Senate. The same companies that might build parts of the SLS should it get the green light have been delivering fighters and military satellites and rocket boosters for MIRVS for decades. They know how to politic and they know how to bottle up critical ledge in committee and keep it off the floor for a vote, if that ledge threatens their business. You can see a great example of that here from just a couple of years ago. How will all this play out? Will NASA continue to research and execute manned missions? If only we could tie this article up with a neat conclusion. But like many questions before the new administration, there’s no sign either way. We’ll just have to wait and see what happens—probably by watching Twitter.  85 Comments Share this article 69 69 69 85 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19111.90 -0.91%   Hang Seng ▲ 22750.62 -0.81%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.397%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.58 0.40%   Yen ▲ 114.11 -0.34%   DJIA ▲ 19885.73 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In SpaceX Launches Rocket With 10 Iridium Satellites To Win Back Customers, Fashion House Fendi Thinks Small Trial Reveals Pitfalls of Whistleblower Claims From In-House Lawyers Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Wanda Group, Owned by China’s Richest Man, Suffers Rare Off Year Fiat Chrysler CEO Faces Uphill Battle With Emissions Probe Lockheed Martin ‘Close’ To New F-35 Deal Renault Investigated Over Emissions Supreme Court to Weigh How Soon Firms Can Sell Copycat Biotech Drugs Takata Executives Criminally Charged in U.S. Probe of Faulty Air Bags Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Iran Starts to Modernize Air Fleet With First Airbus Jet Since End of Sanctions Delivery of plane will follow multibillion deals announced last year By Asa Fitch in Dubai and Asa Fitch The Wall Street Journal BiographyAsa Fitch @asafitch Robert Wall in London Robert Wall The Wall Street Journal BiographyRobert Wall @R_Wall robert.wall@wsj.com Jan. 8, 2017 11:03 a.m. ET Iran has taken ownership of its first new Airbus SE jetliner since sanctions were lifted on the country last year, allowing it to revamp an aging airline fleet through controversial plane deals also involving Boeing Co. The European plane-maker Sunday said “technical acceptance” of the first plane to Iran’s flagship state-owned carrier, Iran Air, has been completed, effectively marking the transfer of ownership of the aircraft. A... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS MH370: No suspicions of crew, passengers, says French probe by Staff Writers Paris (AFP) Jan 6, 2017 MH370 search to end in two weeks: official Kuala Lumpur (AFP) Jan 6, 2017 - The hunt for missing flight MH370 will end in two weeks, Malaysia's transport minister said on Friday, as relatives of passengers demanded authorities push on with the search. "We're at the final lap within these two weeks," the minister, Liow Tiong Lai told reporters. "We hope we can find the plane." Liow did not specify a date but said that a tripartite meeting will be held after a final report is released when the 120,000 square kilometre (46,000 square mile) search ends. Authorities had previously said the search will end early this year. The last search vessel embarked on its final sweep across the southern Indian Ocean last month. The Malaysian Airlines jet disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, carrying 239 passengers and crew. It is believed that the Malaysian Airlines plane crashed into the Indian Ocean, but an extensive deep-sea hunt off Australia's west coast has failed to find a single piece of debris. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which has been leading the search mission, said in a report last month that the Boeing jet is almost certainly not in the current search zone and may be further north. The report was based on a review of evidence by Australian and international experts. Australia has said that it did not view the report findings as credible. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China, where most of the passengers were from, previously agreed to pull the plug on the operation once the current search area was fully scoured unless "credible new information" emerged. "We cannot just base [a search] on assumptions. We need credible clues to look for the plane," said Liow when asked about the possibility of a search further north. Many families have been long sceptical about whether the ongoing search is in the right place. In a statement late Thursday, the international group of MH370 next-of-kin, Voice 370, called on Malaysia, Australia and China to consider the next step before the current search ends. "Extending the search to the new area defined by experts is an inescapable duty owed to the flying public in the interest of aviation safety," it added. A French background check of passengers and crew aboard Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, which mysteriously disappeared in 2014, has found no cause for suspicion, concurring sources told AFP on Friday. France has opened its own investigation into the disappearance because four French nationals were among the 227 passengers and 12 crew aboard the flight. The investigators and three examining magistrates met with relatives of the four on Thursday to brief them on progress. The relatives were told that background checks on passengers and crew by France's domestic intelligence agency, the DGSI, "turned up negative," according to sources close to the inquiry. Ghyslain Wattrelos, whose wife and two of his children were onboard, confirmed this account. "They told us that the search didn't turn up anything," he told AFP. Questions about passenger and crew background emerged when the Malaysian authorities said two Iranian passengers on the flight had been travelling on stolen passports. But Interpol said they were most probably migrants trying to reach Europe. At Thursday's meeting, a French specialist also provided the final version of an interim report that had been drawn up in September, "but it didn't say anything that was much new," Wattrelos' lawyer, Marie Dose, said. She praised the examining magistrates for their "remarkable" work. MH370 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014. It is believed that the Boeing 777 crashed into the Indian Ocean, but an extensive deep-sea hunt off Australia's west coast has failed to find a single piece of debris. On Friday, Malaysia's transport minister, Liow Tiong Lai, said the hunt would end in two weeks. Liow did not specify a date but said a tripartite meeting will be held after a final report is released when the 120,000-square-kilometre (46,000-square- mile) search ends. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which has been leading the search mission, said in a report last month that the jet is almost certainly not in the current search zone and may be further north. arb/sde/pau/mw/ri/ach Malaysia Airlines Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report U.K. Defense Ministry signs off on Atlas A400M upgrade deal London (UPI) Jan 5, 2017 Britain's Ministry of Defense has completed negotiating a $509 million contract with Airbus to support production for the Atlas A400M airlifter. Currently, the Royal Air Force has 14 A400M aircraft in service. Defense officials plan to add an additional 8 by 2019. The new contract, defense officials say, secures a key part of the force's fleet until 2026. "The U.K.'s future armed ... read more Tech show looks beyond 'smart,' to new 'realities' 'Passengers' and the real-life science of deep space travel NASA Readies for Major Orion Milestones in 2017 India achieves advances multiple space systems in 2016 Russia won't be leaving Baikonur anytime soon Russia to double number of space launches in 2017 SpaceX concluded accident investigation, to start launching rockets again SpaceX sets launch date for Falcon 9 RTF Odyssey recovering from precautionary pause in activity Small Troughs Growing on Mars May Become 'Spiders' All eyes on Trump over Mars Opportunity performs several drives to ancient gully China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" Beijing's space program soars in 2016 China Plans to Launch 1st Mars Probe by 2020 - State Council Information Office China to expand int'l cooperation on space sciences Airbus DS and Energia eye new medium-class satellite platform OneWeb announces key funding form SoftBank Group and other investors Space as a Driver for Socio-Economic Sustainable Development SoftBank delivers first $1 bn of Trump pledge, to space firm Saab, UAE sign radar support deal Elbit contracted for airborne laser designator work RADA contracted for high energy laser radars Rice U probes ways to turn cement's weakness to strength The blob can learn and teach Searching a sea of 'noise' to find exoplanets - using only data as a guide Microlensing Study Suggests Most Common Outer Planets Likely Neptune-mass Exciting new creatures discovered on ocean floor Exploring Pluto and the Wild Back Yonder Juno Captures Jupiter 'Pearl' Juno Mission Prepares for December 11 Jupiter Flyby Research Offers Clues About the Timing of Jupiter's Formation Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » India News » At Vibrant Gujarat, pledges and a wish to At Vibrant Gujarat, pledges and a wish to ‘export’ PM Modi as US leader The eighth edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit that kicked off on Tuesday saw global business leaders extol PM Narendra Modi for his ‘Make In India’ drive and digital push. Some even saw Modi emerge as an international leader.TNN | Jan 11, 2017, 03.20 AM IST Highlights Global business leaders praised PM Modi for his ‘Make In India’ drive and digital push Some even saw him emerge as an international leader The eighth edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit kicked off on Tuesday Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2017. (PTI photo) GANDHINAGAR: The eighth edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit that kicked off on Tuesday saw global business leaders extol PM Narendra Modi for his 'Make In India' drive and digital push. Some even saw Modi emerge as an international leader. While inaugurating the summit, Modi banked on these campaigns to hard-sell India as the most profitable destination, and assured corruption-free governance while addressing a 5,000-strong audience and political and business delegations from around 100 countries. The number of partner countries for the summit has increased from eight in 2015 to 12 this time. The business blitzkrieg is expected to witness the inking of MoUs for investment intentions running into over Rs 30 lakh crore. On Tuesday, Adani group chairman Gautam Adani announced an investment of Rs 49,000 crore over the next five years in ports, edible oil and other infrastructure projects. Reliance Industries Ltd chairman Mukesh Ambani said that he planned to connect all schools, colleges, traders and hospitals in the state with 4G internet. "Till 2014-15, only 35% of people in Gujarat had access to 3G internet. By Diwali 2017, 100% people would be covered," he said. David Farr, CEO, Emerson Electricals, announced additional investment of $200 million over the next three years to expand their India business. Modi's feverish pitch for investment comes at a time when demonetisation has left several sectors bleeding and amid a downward growth projection in coming quarters. While he drew applause several times during his speech, the biggest compliment came from Peter Huntsman, president and CEO of US-based Huntsman Corporation. "Modi visited our country last June. But there are many, many in our country who wish that you (Modi) would stay and take over leadership of our country. It would have been biggest Indian export to US," he said to thunderous clapping. Modi strongly pitched the 'Make In India' campaign, which he said had achieved global recognition and acceptance. "I daresay, that India alone offers the opportunities that could rival those of an entire continent. It offers today, the possibilities of a full century. And we want to do all this in a cleaner, greener and sustainable way," he said. If Modi began his day by skipping yoga to meet his mother, it ended with a closed door meeting with 50 leading CEOs from across the world. Prominent among those were Boeing International president Bertrand Marc Allen, president of Emerson Electric Company, Edward L Monser, Suzuki Motor Corporation president Toshihiro Suzuki, and executive chairman of CISCO John Chambers, Gautam Adani, Anand Mahindra and the Ambani brothers. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular RBI says recommended note ban on govt's 'advice' Mulayam's olive branch to son: Akhilesh will be our chief minister Why India wants to sell Akash missile to Vietnam Congress rally against PM Modi’s note ban move throws Bengaluru traffic out of gear Commuters had a harrowing time as traffic movement was standstill near Town Hall in Bengaluru after congress workers took out a rally against demonetisation. For more than an hour, the roads connected to Town Hall were choked and thousands of vehicles were stranded as the Town Hall junction was blocked. Although traffic police were deployed at various places, they failed to manage the situation. India is a nation of vibrant youth, says PM Modi Ours is a nation of vibrant youth; the disciplined, dedicated and talented youth of India offers globally unmatched workforce, said PM Modi. Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners PM Narendra Modi raises Kim Davy case with Denmark 60% rise in Aadhaar enrolment in December alone Fellow troopers say food ‘OK, not bad’ BSF’s Srinagar neighbours say they buy fuel, food from officers for half 1At Vibrant Gujarat, pledges and a wish to ‘export’ PM Modi as US leader 2PM Narendra Modi raises Kim Davy case with Denmark 360% rise in Aadhaar enrolment in December alone 4Fellow troopers say food ‘OK, not bad’ 5BSF’s Srinagar neighbours say they buy fuel, food from officers for half About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Narendra Modi Akhilesh Yadav Mulayam Singh Arvind Kejriwal Kalyan Krishnamurthy Bigg Boss 10 Samajwadi Party Crisis Vibrant Gujarat Summit Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:07 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Cost Of Obama’s Travel, Vacation: President Spent Almost $100 Million Of Taxpayers Money By Greg Price @GP_IBTimes On 01/10/17 AT 10:01 AM Close As President Barack Obama enters the last 10 days of his time in office and prepares for his farewell speech Tuesday night in Chicago, Obama’s final travel statistics and how much they’ve cost American taxpayers have started to trickle in. Obama’s jaunt from the White House in Washington, D.C. to Chicago Tuesday will mark his 482nd trip during his eight years in office and brings the grand total of his flights on Air Force One to 1,350, CBS News reported. Today&#39;s trip to and from Chicago will be Pres Obama&#39;s last out of town trip - of which there have been 482 during his 8 years in office. &mdash; Mark Knoller (@markknoller) January 10, 2017 Today&#39;s trip also marks Pres Obama&#39;s last 2 flights on Air Force One - bringing his total as president to 1,350. Related Stories A Glimpse Of Obama's Post-Presidency Years Obama Could Rack Up Over $100M After Leaving Office &mdash; Mark Knoller (@markknoller) January 10, 2017 Obama’s final speech as president, before he attends President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, will take place at McCormick Place convention center, the biggest in North America, and starts at 9 p.m. EST, USA Today reported. The address, added to his remarks and comments, will mark the 3,575th speech from the country’s 44th president, according to CBS News. The cost of Obama’s travel, in particular, his Hawaiian family vacations, came under some scrutiny last month. All told, it’s believed the Obama’s tropical vacations have cost a total of about $90 million, with the most recent trip estimated to cost $4.8 million for flight, car, security and hotels. Much of those tax dollars are eaten up by the Air Force One’s hefty operation costs. The two current massive jets, both part of the Boeing 747-200B series, reportedly cost upwards of $200,000 per hour to operate due to fuel, staff, security and navigation and communication equipment, CNN reported. The exorbitant cost of maintaining and using Air Force One, including Boeing’s contracts, received Trump’s wrath earlier last month after he said the cost to taxpayers was too high. Trump tweeted Boeing’s project to build a new Air Force One by 2024 was $4 billion, however, the Air Force said it was closer to $2.8 billion, according to Fortune. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Toggle navigation Oped Opinion News Post Editorial National World Sports Business Entertainment Weird Health Sci-tech Magazine HOME LATEST PRINT OPINION E-PAPER HOT TOPICS Hot Topics Panama Leaks Pak-India Ties Donald Trump CPEC Pak vs Aus Print Story X Print Story India hesitant on sharing airspace data with Pakistan Home / Today's Paper / National / India hesitant on sharing airspace data with Pakistan By Monitoring Desk January 10, 2017 Print : National 0 0 NEW DELHI: With bilateral relations between Pakistan and India remain fragile, the trust deficit emanating out of it is likely to affect the cooperation in civil aviation airspace.  The Airport Authority of India (AAI) which is planning to install Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B), a surveillance based technology for civil aviation safety on buoyancy all around the country’s oceanic boundaries has recently showed its apprehension to UN-backed International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), about sharing the data with its hostile neighbour. The insiders feel that data which has live update about the exact positions of the aircraft apart from other sensitive details may be misused by anti-social or non-state actors from the country to harm India’s interests.  “We have informed ICAO of our apprehensions in regard to sharing of data which is going to be tremendous in near future,” said PK Bandopadhyay, ED (Planning), CNS, AAI during DISHA, a seminar held in Delhi to discuss the development of indigenous technologies in civil aviation. Talking about installing ADS-B on water using buoyancy Bandopadhyay said, “it will make the plane constantly remain in contact with the ground”.  ICAO has been asking the airlines and aviation regulators around the world to develop a foolproof mechanism by way of which the aircraft’s position and its related data can be continuously tracked at all time when the plane is in air. The demand gained thrust after a Malaysian airline plane MH-370 went missing in 2014 without an iota of trace, leaving the investigators high and dry.  As per the aviation experts, air traffic service providers and regulators worldwide are moving from radar based surveillance to ADS-B to track airplanes in flight and on the ground more accurately and reliably. However, the changes require are to be equipped in new and existing planes, which obviously come at a premium, which many of the domestic airlines in India at present are trying to avoid in absence of any regulation related to it.  “The domestic airlines so far have been hesitant in installation of the equipment, especially in the age of cost cutting and savings,” said a senior Communication and Navigation System (CNS) official from Mumbai.  According to a report prepared by aircraft manufacturer Boeing on ADS-B uses a combination of satellites, transmitters and receivers to provide both flight crews and ground control personnel with very specific information about the location and speed of airplanes in the area.  The aviation legal experts said though India is a member of UN-backed aviation treaties and conventions which mandate sharing of information among the member nations, a country can withhold some information which is not general in nature. However, the common information needs to be shared. 0 0 India hesitant on sharing airspace data with Pakistan was posted in National of TheNews International - https://www.thenews.com.pk on January 10, 2017 and was last updated on January 10, 2017. This news story is related to Print/178056-India-hesitant-on-sharing-airspace-data-with-Pakistan/ - breaking news, latest news, pakistan ne. Permanent link to the news story "India hesitant on sharing airspace data with Pakistan" is https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/178056-India-hesitant-on-sharing-airspace-data-with-Pakistan. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. More From National Govt moves for speedy trial of terrorists Panama case may conclude in a week or two India resisting World Bank’s move on IWT Cold Start Doctrine not going anywhere PM’s Youth Skill Development Scheme SC likely to interpret three provisions of Article 62 Probe shows doctors, clinics involved in child lifting Islam could wipe out European society, fears Austrian leader Prisoner dies in Lahore Camp Jail Grenades, shells defused PM’s lawyer responding to each and every assertion of PTI Met Office warns of untimely rains in future Siraj seeks accountability of all named in Panama Papers Iran, Pakistan agree to resume direct flights Efforts on to improve gas supply to business, domestic users: Khaqan Space for the Sharifs Syed Talat Hussain Art and the fall of nations Hamid Dabashi The new Raheel Sharif Zaigham Khan An apprentice in the White House M Saeed Khalid Denying change Hamna Faheem Valuable books Dr A Q Khan National World Sports Business Weird Technology Entertainment Video Gallery Magazines Facebook Blog Twitter Google Plus Photo Gallery Print Edition Top Story Opinion World Sports National Contact Us Classified How to Advertise About Us RSS Videos E-Paper Back Issues THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL - COPYRIGHT @2017 THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENT POLICY | PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US
Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME Classifieds Archives News Government Sports Community Opinion Lifestyle Community Births Church Engagements Names & Faces Obituaries Things to Do Weddings Fayette County Fayetteville Peachtree City Tyrone Coweta County Newnan Palmetto Senoia Sharpsburg Government Board of Education City County Politics Lifestyle Dining Entertainment Health Home and Garden News Business Crime Lights and Sirens Newsmakers Schools Opinion Columnists Editorials Free Speech Letters to the Editor Your Say Schools Sports Regional Video Jameson is New Neighbor of the Month By The Citizen on January 9, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post New Neighbor of the Month December 2016 The Peachtree City Chapter of the New Neighbors League Club has named Ginger Jameson its New Neighbor of the Month for December. She joined New Neighbors in February of 2015 and is an active member of the organization having served as hospitality assistant, treasurer, and most recently second vice president. She has been involved in many of our activities, including Let’s Go Shopping, Tours, Socials, Wine Club, Matinee Madams, and Chick Flicks.  Though she grew up in South Carolina and attended Clemson University, she lived in Saudi Arabia for 8 years and in Seattle for 30 years. In her work life, she taught middle and high school math and spent 18 years in IT at Boeing. Her husband, Rick, is currently a flight instructor with Flight Safety International. NNLC’s purpose is to bring newcomers to the area together so that they may meet and become friends while adjusting to new surroundings. It is a not-for-profit social organization that has a wide variety of activities. If you live in the Fayette-Coweta county area and would like more information about joining NNLC, please contact Club Director Carol Jensen-Linton at 770-486-9116 or visit www.newneighborsptc.com.   Jameson is New Neighbor of the Month added by The Citizen on January 9, 2017 View all posts by The Citizen → Featured Posts Latest Popular Comments Come on in to The Citizen’s new website by Cal Beverly - No Comment Body of missing PTC man recovered in Tennessee by Ben Nelms - No Comment Easterbrook Way dedicated by Ben Nelms - No Comment Officials present case for new countywide sales tax by - No Comment 2 teen skaters arrested for school burglary by Ben Nelms - No Comment PTC early voting ends 5 p.m. Wednesday by John Munford - No Comment McBerry to speak in PTC Tuesday by Ben Nelms - No Comment ‘Chair-ity’ event returns, raises money for Children’s Village at Christian City by The Citizen - No Comment Local teen to perform in Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade by Michael Boylan - No Comment Peachtree City’s Hometown Holiday, Dec. 5 by The Citizen - No Comment How To Get Printed / Published Printed Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Use Search in Archive Select a Month Click to Select January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 Select a Category Click to Select Community    Births    Church    Engagements    Names & Faces    Obituaries    Things to Do    Weddings Coweta County    Newnan    Palmetto    Senoia    Sharpsburg Fayette County    Fayetteville    Peachtree City    Tyrone Fayetteville Featured Articles Featured Spotlight Government    Board of Education    City    County    Politics Lifestyle    Dining    Entertainment    Health    Home and Garden News    Business    Crime    Lights and Sirens    Newsmakers    Schools News Opinion    Columnists    Editorials    Free Speech    Letters to the Editor    Your Say Regional Slider Sports Top News Video Search with Google 310 B. North Glynn Street, Fayetteville, GA 30214 editor@thecitizen.com 770-719-1880 © 2017, ↑ The Citizen Website by Country Fried Creative Powered by WordPress - Gabfire Themes
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Queensland National World Weird Technology Opinion Photos Weather Read Your Paper Sport NRL Supercoach NRL AFL Football Rugby Racing Cricket Motor Tennis US Sports Basketball Golf More Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Music Books Competitions Leigh Paatsch What's On Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies QLD Business Monthly Terry McCrann Lifestyle Travel Money Health Food Parenting Fashion Stellar Horoscopes Home & Garden Games RealEstate News NSW QLD SA VIC Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video News Video Sport Video Entertainment Business Lifestyle Travel Technology Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools> Internet Options>Privacy>Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools>Options>Privacy<Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon>Options>Under the Hood>Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Breaking 12:45PM Queensland man dies of heatstroke 12:42PM Cannabis still harmful to health: report 12:42PM Barnett criticises Roe 8 opponents 12:42PM UN chief narrows gap for SKorea president 12:42PM Unclaimed lotto winnings in Qld 12:42PM Culleton outlines months of 'achievements' 12:42PM Vector adds management for Maniema 12:28PM Trump may kick media out of White House 12:22PM Japan caught whaling while PM in Aus 12:21PM Flares set off near Aus Open turnstiles National Japan caught whaling while PM in Aus Streakers: Why do they do it? World Hanson opts out of Trump inauguration Prince Charles pens climate change book Sponsored Links Newsletters iPad App Mobile Send Stories Send Pics News Breaking News Queensland Local National World Opinion Photos Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Townsville Bulletin Gold Coast Bulletin Cairns Post Geelong Advertiser Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Soccer Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing Basketball Netball US Sports   Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies   Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions   Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Realestate Travel Money Health Food Fashion Parenting Home & Garden Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword   Vogue Taste Body + Soul Kidspot Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local The Courier Mail Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Contact Us Sponsorship Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Subscriber Advantage Tributes Careers Journalism Program Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Terms of Use Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Defense & National Security / Deborah Lee James: Super Hornets Cannot Replace F-35 Fighters Deborah Lee James: Super Hornets Cannot Replace F-35 Fighters Ramona Adams January 9, 2017 Defense & National Security, Latest News 186 Views Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James has said Boeing‘s F/A-18E/F Super Hornet aircraft cannot serve as a substitute for Lockheed Martin-built F-35 fighter jet, Defense News reported Friday. Valerie Insinna writes James told the publication the F/A-18 and F-35 aircraft “fulfill different requirements” since as former is a fourth-generation platform while the latter is a fifth-generation airplane. “The leaders of the Air Force will have the opportunity when the time comes to advise the president-elect on this,” James added. “But based on everything I know, the two are not interchangeable and the Air Force has not expressed interest in the F/A-18s,” she noted. James said she believes President-elect Donald Trump sought to reduce costs in his meetings with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg and Lockheed chief executive Marillyn Hewson. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Air Force Boeing Deborah Lee James Dennis Muilenburg Donald Trump F-35 F/A-18 F/A-18E/F Super Hornet featured govcon lockheed Lockheed Martin Marillyn Hewson U.S. Air Force USAF Related Articles Mary Davie: GSA Unveils Rebranded Office of Information Technology Category January 13, 2017 Trump Appoints Former NYC Mayor Rudolph Giuliani as Cybersecurity Adviser January 13, 2017 GSA Seeks Acquisition Mgmt Specialist January 13, 2017 Check Also Report: Terry Halvorsen to Retire as DoD CIO in February Terry Halvorsen, chief information officer at the Defense Department since March 2015, will retire from … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Mary Davie: GSA Unveils Rebranded Office of Information Technology Category Trump Appoints Former NYC Mayor Rudolph Giuliani as Cybersecurity Adviser GSA Seeks Acquisition Mgmt Specialist Report: Terry Halvorsen to Retire as DoD CIO in February National Association of Corporate Directors Issues New Edition of Cyber-Risk Oversight Guide Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP Engility Board of Directors Adds DHI Chair John Barter; Lynn Dugle Comments Unisys Appoints New VPs for Federal Business Unit; PV Puvvada Comments Lockheed to Continue F-35A Air System Integration Support to South Korea Under $450M Award CACI to Provide Logistics, Training Support to Fleet Forces Command Under $140M Contract; Ken Asbury Comments Chuck Prow: Vectrus to Focus on IT, Network Communications Expansion in 2017 Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP Engility Board of Directors Adds DHI Chair John Barter; Lynn Dugle Comments @Follow Me .@tableau, @CommerceGov to collaborate on economic data visualization effort #GovCon https://t.co/EiVi5S7SmS47 mins ago .@USArmy taps @DynCorpIntl for aircraft repair contract, mobile radio support services #GovCon https://t.co/zls8v0jXSz1 hour ago .@ONC_HealthIT unveils winners of health data app design challenges #GovCon https://t.co/2zBZlVziSK2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR T-Mobile CEO scolds Sprint CEO for laughing at Chelsea Handler’s Twitter joke about car crashing into T-Mobile store GeekWire Deals: Giveaway! Enter for a chance to win a Sonos PLAY:5 and a year of Spotify or Apple Music How this reluctant Fitbit investor almost missed a $1.6 billion windfall Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 8, 2017 SpaceX returns to flight with Iridium satellite launch – and rocket landing! Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Life-size LEGO Batmobile uses 344,000 bricks — and needs one superhero behind the wheel Moon Express reportedly has the money for moonshot – but launch is up in the air Seattle is shutting down its bike-share program, will reallocate funding to other projects Reality check: Lucasfilm won’t put virtual Carrie Fisher in future Star Wars films Here’s a twist: UW biochemists find clever ways to pick a protein’s pockets profitably Vicis raises another $4M as it prepares to equip teams with high-tech football helmet Digital advertising company AudienceScience cuts jobs amid shift in business GeekWire Calendar Picks: How tech is disrupting politics and economics; SciFi and fantasy short film festival; and more Obama’s edict to help immigrant entrepreneurs start companies in the U.S. takes effect GeekWork Picks: Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence seeks DevOps Lead to drive technical operations Spacewalkers finish swapping batteries Geek of the Week: Life Science Washington CEO Leslie Alexandre gets elbow-deep in health policy The Week in Geek: Envelop VR closes its doors; drone crashes into the Space Needle; and more GeekWire Deals: Become a data analytics pro with 89% off this Big Data Hadoop bundle Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Dramatic video footage shows drone circling and then crashing into Seattle’s Space Needle Guest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Facebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Amazon and Jeff Bezos get the spotlight (and a punch line) at the Golden Globes Study: Microsoft Teams set to pass Slack, Google Hangouts as second most-used business chat app in next 2 years Portland makes the best viral snow videos: Watch zoo animals play after this week’s storm Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Obama’s edict to help immigrant entrepreneurs start companies in the U.S. takes effect SpaceX returns to flight with Iridium satellite launch – and rocket landing! Inside the F Bomb Breakfast Club, a space for Seattle’s badass female founders Creepy new T-Mobile commercials make me say ‘gross’ every time they air on TV How this reluctant Fitbit investor almost missed a $1.6 billion windfall Inside an avalanche: Watch snowboarder’s inflatable backpack save his life during disaster Amazon removes Indian flag doormat from site after official threatens to rescind employee visas Bill Gates and Intellectual Ventures attempt to patent a high-tech football helmet This video of monkeys mourning their adopted robot baby will hit you right in the feels After a rocky year, enterprise virtual reality startup Envelop VR is shutting down AT&T to customers complaining about DirecTV Now problems: We’re working on it Jeff Bezos is the reported buyer of the largest house in Washington, D.C., for $23M in cash Trending: Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 1, 2017 by GeekWire on January 8, 2017 at 8:00 amJanuary 8, 2017 at 8:00 am Comments  1 Share  3 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Buy a GeekWire membership today! Get caught up on the latest technology and startup news from the past week. Here are the most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 1, 2017. Sign up to receive these updates every Sunday in your inbox by subscribing to our GeekWire Weekly email newsletter. Most popular stories on GeekWire Microsoft plans big reorganization of partner and services groups starting Feb. 1 Microsoft is planning to consolidate many of its partner and services teams in a reorganization, as well as add a new digital team focused on the cloud, according to a report from ZDNet’s Mary Jo Foley. … Read More The Cloud in 2017: Seven key trends, from AWS and Azure to voice services and machine learning Here’s a no-brainer: 2017 will be a big year for the cloud. … Read More Girl, 6, ‘accidentally’ orders $170 dollhouse and 4 pounds of cookies using Amazon’s Alexa A 6-year-old Dallas girl talking to her family’s new Echo Dot about cookies and a dollhouse ended up with the items in hand after Amazon’s virtual assistant Alexa mistook the conversation as an order for the items. … Read More Here’s what five venture capitalists are predicting for 2017 With 2016 now in the rear-view mirror, it’s time to take a quick moment to forecast what might be looming on the horizon in the near year. … Read More How a popular park on an abandoned NYC rail line will influence Seattle’s $700M waterfront makeover NEW YORK — It’s a chilly Thursday afternoon, and throngs of people from around the world have come to New York’s Chelsea neighborhood to take a walk on an abandoned rail line. … Read More Live Blog: T-Mobile introduces ‘KickBack’ data refund, vows to include taxes and fees in rates LAS VEGAS — T-Mobile this morning announced a new “KickBack” program that will credit customers up to $10/month for unused data on lines that use less than 2 gigabytes per month. … Read More Reddit’s Alexis Ohanian checks out car tech at CES, confirms fiancée Serena Williams is a geek LAS VEGAS — We know Alexis Ohanian is a geek. … Read More Amazon is granted a patent for using a subterranean network to deliver packages Maybe it shouldn’t be that surprising that Amazon has patented a system for delivering goods via a dedicated network of underground tunnels. … Read More Amazon gently stresses several ways Alexa could have stopped 6-year-old girl’s dollhouse order Step away from the Dot, tiny online shopper. … Read More Boeing and SpaceX win four more NASA orders for space taxis, with one big ‘if’ NASA has awarded four more contracts to Boeing and to SpaceX for space taxi trips to and from the International Space Station – dependent on certification that the spacecraft are safe. … Read More Comments 1 Share  3 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryThe ‘Device Like No Other’ American Greetings showed off at CES was, you guessed it, a card Next StorySpaceX delays launch due to weather Filed Under: GeekWire Weekly GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 8, 2017 Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of July 24, 2016 Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 3, 2016 Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Sept. 25, 2016 Previous StoryThe ‘Device Like No Other’ American Greetings showed off at CES was, you guessed it, a card Next StorySpaceX delays launch due to weather Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Giveaway! Enter for a chance to win a Sonos PLAY:5 and a year of Spotify or Apple Music GeekWire Deals: Become a data analytics pro with 89% off this Big Data Hadoop bundle Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Dramatic video footage shows drone circling and then crashing into Seattle’s Space Needle Guest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Facebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. DATA ENGINEEREnigma Young InvestigatorThe Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2) Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Tune in Geeks: GeekWire Radio Click here for the latest GeekWire Podcasts Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Tune in Geeks: GeekWire Radio Click here for the latest GeekWire Podcasts Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
