  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet By Reuters Published: 20:33 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 20:33 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail By David Lawder WASHINGTON, May 17 (Reuters) - U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there´s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft´s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Writing by David Lawder; Editing by Leslie Adler and Bill Trott) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party after Cannes Film Festival opening gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule red carpet as the Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling star... but there's ALREADY been a wardrobe malfunction! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Red hot! Penelope Cruz has Baywatch moment while hitting pool in crimson one-piece... as she enjoys break from filming American Crime Story Peep show! Kendall Jenner strips down to skimpy lacy underwear for psychedelic La Perla campaign Flaunted her assets in skimpy undies Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Marion Cotillard dazzles in two glamorous ensembles as her new movie Ismael's Ghosts premieres on opening night of Cannes  Tum-thing amazing! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Rocked a revealing bra Little Mix's Jesy Nelson puts on racy display in plunging bra and knickers as she poses with 'sidekick' Leigh-Anne Pinnock in cheeky Instagram post 'He's nervous in an excited, good way!' George Clooney is 'hunkering down' in England until birth of twins Two is the magic number 'You're famous enough!' Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd BANS her from breastfeeding on social media... as fans call for Mummy Diaries spin-off  The HI life! Margot Robbie looks thrilled as she enjoys a picnic with Tom Ackerley during romantic day in Hawaii Enjoyed a cute picnic in Hawaii  Abs-ey Clancy! BNTM judge goes braless beneath sheer crochet crop top with jeans as she tends to NAKED contestants on Cape Verde beach shoot MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in thong as she floods Instagram with holiday snaps from her sixth getaway in five months One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony Julianne Moore wows in stunning scarlet dress with intricate feather detail as she commands attention at Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Jessica Chastain looks stunning in Gothic-inspired strapless gown as she arrives at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads Newly engaged Eva Herzigová dazzles in gold gown as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Naomie Harris brings a rainbow to the red carpet as she dazzles in candy striped gown at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Lifeguard legs! Kelly Rohrbach shows off chiseled pins in high-cut white dress as she swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! ahead of Baywatch release Dressed to kill: LISA SNOWDON on how you are never too old for bikinis (as long as you wear big knickers) The Dude abides! Jeff Bridges sells Montecito villa with vineyard and orchid greenhouse for $15.9m, almost half the asking price from two years ago Wonder who she Scott them from? Bella Thorne shows off huge bouquet of flowers sent by mystery admirer Every rose has is thorn. And it looked like Scott 'Please send healing prayers': Chloe Lattanzi shares an emotional tribute to her mother Olivia Newton-John as she battles a spinal and nerve condition Golden girl! Kate Moss steals the show in shimmering sheer maxi dress and velvet blazer as she hosts glamorous launch of her new jewellery collection  Jonathan Cheban brought Kardashian family to Mexican restaurant ONE DAY after it reopened following cockroach infestation What a transformation! Penelope Cruz channels Donatella Versace in tight red dress and blonde wig to film scenes for Gianni Versace biopic Felicity Jones 'is engaged to film director beau Charles Guard after two years of dating' The 33-year-old star said: 'Yes' 'I am really proud of Miley': Five years sober Demi Lovato commends alleged feud-mate Cyrus after she stopped using drink and drugs Offered supportive words Love in the air? The Leftovers star Margaret Qualley, 22, rumored to be dating Beasts Of No Nation director Cary Fukunaga, 39 A new rumoir That's cheeky! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray barely covers her modesty as in a G-string during bizarre 'workout'... after THAT naked selfie Harry Styles takes to the stage for exclusive Los Angeles gig... as girlfriend Tess Ward speaks out after hateful comments from his fans Monochrome magnificence: Rumer Willis nails Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) in Lip Sync Battle sneak peek The 28-year-old daughter of Bruce Willis  New hair, don't care! Katie Price unveils bubblegum pink 'do after teasing transformation... just hours after going on Loose Women with brunette locks How Emma Stone introduced Taylor Swift to her 'charismatic' new man dubbed 'a quintessential panty dropper' who has wowed leading ladies That's her secret! Cameron Diaz shows off her youthful face as she picks up some organic treats at Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Eating well Jessie Wallace is casually chic in chiffon shirt and trendy shades as promotes spin-off series Redwater at BBC Radio 2 with Shane Richie Rose Byrne stuns in glamorous new photoshoot... as she speaks out about 'misogynistic' comedies where women are 'always the nagging one' Short and booty-ful! Ariel Winter heads to the hair salon dressed in a VERY revealing pair of black denim cut-offs Karrueche Tran celebrates BFF J.Ryan La Cour's 30th birthday party with Christina Milian in WeHo Chris Brown did not get an invite   In it for the Long(oria) haul! Busty Eva shows no sign of fatigue as she leads the glamour at Edinburgh's Global Gift Gala... just hours after hosting event in Paris She's the belle of THIS ball! Vogue Williams wows in blue strapless gown at the Edinburgh Global Gift Gala... after being 'banned' from Pippa's wedding  Josie Gibson shows off her flawless hourglass frame as she oozes Hollywood glamour in classic gown at Global Gift Gala in Edinburgh The Global Gift that keeps on giving! Ashley James dazzles in futuristic sequinned gown as she attends Eva Longoria's second charity fundraiser Going for a spin! Mariska Hargitay shows off her white tulle overcoat while posing on the red carpet at the star-studded Paley Honors event Meghan Markle gets into UK and is whisked straight to Kensington Palace ahead of Pippa's weekend wedding Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas is joined by wife Daniella Semaan as they support Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez's partners at Barcelona store launch  James Corden set to return as 2018 Grammy Awards host in New York City after emceeing show in February Suits her well! Rumer Willis steps out in angelic all-white ensemble to support mental health awareness month in LA Angelic in a white suit  Nicole Murphy shows off curvaceous figure in maxi dress while dropping her pampered pups before shopping with mom Shopping with her mum 'She's head over heels': Katie Holmes 'is tired of hiding romance' with Jamie Foxx as it's revealed duo are 'very serious' after rendezvous in Paris 'We're all doing great': Cheryl breaks her silence on motherhood and jokes about baby son Bear PEEING on her as she returns to social media Amber Rose 'slept while intruder broke into her house and stayed for four hours'... but nothing was stolen Made a shocking discovery  Keeping her close! Protective Ruby Rose places an arm around girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as the besotted pair stroll together in Los Angeles Getting the chop! Elsa Pataky debuts her new micro bob as she pouts for the camera in fun selfie Elsa Pataky debuted her new micro bob Liv Tyler puts on sophisticated display in elegant lace top and black tuxedo jacket as she supports pal Kate Moss at launch of her new jewellery range That's something to smile about! Yahya Abdul-Mateen beams as he gets driven to the set of superhero film Aquaman in a limo Driven to work She's a real page turner! Ashley Graham displays hourglass figure in black cutout dress at New York book signing Showed confidence Justice served, twice! Victoria brings her sister Madison to Pirates Of The Caribbean celebration in Beverly Hills Four years her senior 'They've been inseparable': Joanna Krupa is 'feeling things out' with restaurateur Nico Santucci... just weeks after split with Romain Zago Love can't wait! Joy-Anna Duggar and fiance Austin Forsyth move wedding to this weekend instead of original October date Summer ready! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in patterned red, white and blue skirt... after talking the future of Big Little Lies She's booty-ful! Wild haired Sofia Vergara shows off her incredible figure in tight jeans for shopping outing Enjoyed some retail therapy with a friend hirley Ballas is spotted for the first time since being announced as the new head judge on Strictly as she cheers on her dancer son Mark in LA stage show Ex On The Beach star Jess Impiazzi puts on a VERY eye-popping display in low-cut scarlet gown as she makes titillating arrival at Guide Dogs Awards 'I want to inspire people and find a solution': Chris Hemsworth announces his new environmental role to protect the ocean from plastic Quick pick me up! Vanessa Hudgens looks cute in a crop top and military boots as she grabs coffee in West Hollywood Firing Blanks! Tori Spelling, 44, works on shedding post-baby weight in birthday workout with Tai Bo fitness guru Billy It's slipping off Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shares seductive shot of herself wearing a sheer black one-piece swimsuit Even her backpack is expensive! Khloe Kardashian models $2k Louis Vuitton book bag after loved-up visit to beau Tristan Thompson Bikini-clad Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible toned figure and ample cleavage in bondage inspired two-piece ahead of Cannes Film Festival She won't go under the knife! Katie Holmes 'refuses to give in to Hollywood plastic surgery pressure' as 40th birthday creeps up A bump in The Hills: Pregnant Whitney Port goes comfortable in denim jacket and leggings as she takes stroll through Beverly Hills Holly Willough-BUM-by! Television presenter shows off her very pert derriere in a very sexy pair of skinny jeans as she leaves restaurant She's got it all The nice middle-class girl who's shattered millions of teen hearts: Harry Styles' clean-eating guru girlfriend Tess Ward was outed when she wore the star's Gucci shirt Somber Rosario Dawson emerges for the first time since 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' She's doing it Wright! Busty Kate accentuates her assets in form fitting white top and fitted skirt as she steps out following sunshine break in Italy Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits church with mother Carole as forecasters warn of weekend downpours (while James squeezes in some shoe shopping) 'As far as I know, she hasn't said yes': Zac Efron denies he is dating stunning Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario after THAT 'kiss' photo They play love interests Is THIS what Pippa's £40,000 'classic with a progressive twist' wedding dress by Ann Summers designer Giles Deacon will look like? 'A sex scene is too easy!' Elsa Pataky says she was 'comfortable' doing takes in the bedroom with real-life husband Chris Hemsworth for their film Horse Soldiers 'We were a family' Growing Pains stars reunite to remember Alan Thicke five months after his death 'Mini-vacation!' Eva Longoria and third husband Jose Baston celebrating wedding anniversary in France Emily Ratajkowski dares to bare as she poses TOPLESS in ornate jewels ahead of Cannes Film Festival opening gala Oh my!  Cara Delevingne covers up her freshly-shaved head with pink and white wig as she continues to film Life In A Year in Canada Sweet treat! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn cool down with a post-school popsicle as they walk home in the sunshine  EXCLUSIVE - 'I sat there crying for 10 minutes': Lisa Vanderpump celebrates China's decision to ban dog meat at annual Yulin Festival after her years of advocacy work Time to ditch the military look, Arnie? Schwarzenegger, 69, harks back to his action hero days in camouflage jacket as he steps out in LA Spicey cracks a smile! Melissa McCarthy grins as New Yorkers cheer her on in outtakes from her latest Sean Spicer SNL skit 'My heart is shattered... I'm in shock': Aaron and Nick Carter in mourning over father's sudden death at 65 Those workouts are paying off! Miley Cyrus flashes toned midriff with mom Tish by her side as she 'takes over' NBC this week Back to the office! Sun-kissed Ricky Martin returns to American Crime Story set after a fun day working on his tan at Miami Beach Running Pretty Wild! Julia Roberts and Bear Grylls team up to deliver life-saving vaccines to children in remote African village for Red Nose Day Michelle Williams looks effortlessly stylish in striped smock dress as she arrives in Nice for Cannes Film Festival No bra, no shirt, no worries! Karrueche Tran wears only a jacket for Turner Upfronts in NYC... as she prepares to testify against Chris Brown That was quick! Penelope Cruz swiftly transforms into Donatella with blonde wig (and Spanx) on set of Gianni Versace biopic Did Gigi introduce Taylor to her new British boyfriend? Singer's best friend met middleclass boy from north London on a modelling shoot as he bid for fame in acting Spellbinding! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy look like the perfect couple as they take in magician-illusionist Derren Brown's show in NYC 'He's doing much better': Johnny Depp 'is dating again' following messy divorce from Amber Heard and financial woes Val Kilmer claims prayer healed his oral cancer (despite also getting throat surgery to remove the tumor) Seeing double! Sofia Richie and her friend twin it up as they go undercover post-workout   EXCLUSIVE: 'How Jagger seduced me at 17 behind Jerry's back': Lady Antonia Fraser's daughter breaks her silence about their affair for the first time  'What's wrong with you!?' Jeffrey Tambor EMBARRASSES Ryan Seacrest after host awkwardly mistakes him for deceased actor from Ghost ReBranding? Former bad boy Russell looks every inch the doting dad as he carries daughter Mabel on family day out with fiancée Laura Gallacher Victoria Silvstedt looks chic in classic trench coat and oversized sunglasses as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival 'I didn't enjoy the wedding!' Katie Price admits her lavish £1m nuptials with ex Peter Andre were far from enjoyable as it became 'ridiculous showcase' Now he really is a N*E*R*D! Pharrell receives an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree while giving the commencement address at New York University Hatching a bigger family! Tori Spelling gets surprised as Dean McDermott and five kids give her a baby chick for 44th birthday gift 'I will always be the naked girl on a wrecking ball': Miley Cyrus admits she'll never live down raunchy video and has nightmares about it playing at her funeral Wear it one way Ora-nother! Rita dons two pairs of quirky trousers with a heavy knit blue fleece as she touches down in London Changing it up A day off from her Louboutins! Jennifer Lopez is far from glam in baggy clothes and work boots as she shoots Shades Of Blue in NYC A lord and his lady: Lisa Marie Presley ex Michael Lockwood shares a steamy kiss with mystery blond as the pair get their palms read at Renaissance Faire 'I tried to dance on a stripper pole... and I had a BLAST': Defiant Jennifer Lawrence responds after racy footage emerges of her on wild night out at X-rated club  'I was terrified': Top Gun's Kelly McGillis testifies in court as woman who 'broke into her house and attacked her' goes on trial Jennifer Aniston helps Jimmy Kimmel pull prank on Justin Theroux by wrapping his Mercedes-Benz in a giant Emmy nomination advertisement Justin Timberlake rocks hot-pink sneakers during hand-in-hand NYC stroll with wife Jessica Biel Paris Jackson shares rare photo of brother Blanket, 15, before deleting post... as family prepares for eight-year anniversary of Michael's death Abbey days are here again! Michelle Dockery steps out in NYC sporting a smile... following news that Downton is 'set to begin shooting this autumn' Still a Danish treat! Helena Christensen stuns at 48 as she flashes her flesh in cute baby blue sundress while stepping out in NYC Good Samaritan Donna Air rushes to the aid of an injured gentleman after he falls and hurts his head in the middle of a busy London street  Former presenter  TOWIE's Lauren Pope shows off her long legs in a white flared jumpsuit with a sheer top as she steps out in style Looked full of confidence The billion dollar power couple: Jay Z and Beyonce's combined wealth soars to $1.16bn Jay Z and Beyonce are a billion-dollar couple according to one estimate She means business! Caprice looks stunning in a chic LBD as attends first public event since recovering from brain tumour operation  'Does it make me angry? No': Goldie Hawn, 71, talks ageism in Hollywood as she shows her playful side in Harper's Bazaar shoot Vicky Pattison poses in a bra top for very cheeky phone snap... before sharing topless image of herself in tight jeans Big Little Lies star Iain Armitage takes on Jim Parsons' role in first trailer for Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon He's nine years old The Bluths are back! Arrested Development starring Jason Bateman and Will Arnett is officially renewed for season five on Netflix Cookie kicks back! Taraji P. Henson is seen rapping, singing, and dancing around on set in hilarious viral video - after being secretly filmed by cheeky Empire co-stars 'No-holds-barred, better than ever': Kerry Washington promises lots of drama for Scandal's seventh and final season Dakota Fanning looks out-of-this-world pretty in layered polka-dot dress to plug The Alienist at Turner Upfront presentation EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp demands judge unseal whistleblower testimony in fraud case against ex-managers who claim the actor spent $75m on 14 homes Raiding the piggy bank? Peru Two Drugs Mule Michaella McCollum wears £1495 YSL bag and skintight orange mini to go partying in Liverpool Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her impeccably toned abs and tiny waist in a bandeau bikini as she soaks up the sunshine at Cannes Film Festival 13 Reasons Why I am in Australia! Star of hit Netflix series Katherine Langford touches down in Perth for family visit after runaway success of TV series   Liam Payne reveals he was freaked out by pregnant Cheryl twerking as he discusses the hands-on mum and his desire to name their son 'Arthur' Gisele Bundchen says her husband Tom Brady has suffered multiple unreported brain injuries while playing for the New England Patriots Concussion last year 'Didn't she get the memo?' Demi Lovato is accused of cultural appropriation for wearing dreadlock-style hair in her latest music video Quilty pleasures: Lily Rose Depp wears clingy red patchwork print dress as she leaves her hotel in Cannes  Ready for the opening gala that evening Eva seen something so sterling? Supermodel Herzigová, 44, flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in dazzling silver gown at Cannes Film Festival Princess Sofia of Spain, 10, beams with pride as she celebrates her First Communion alongside her picture-perfect family  Resplendent  'Freedom is no fear': Halle Berry, 50, strips NAKED as she flaunts her incredible figure for inspirational snap Showed off her sensational figure  Scarlet siren: Jessica Chastain exudes elegance in a show-stopping jumpsuit as she joins the 70th Cannes Film Festival jury  Can she be Moore perfect? Julianne, 56, looks ravishing as she shows off her svelte legs in chic mini-dress at Cannes yacht party Classic in black Jimmy Fallon says he was 'devastated' by negative press after he ruffled Donald Trump's hair Stephen Colbert gives CBS its longest winning streak in seven years Taylor Swift's stalker Mohammed Jaffar held on $20K bond for loitering outside her Tribeca apartment Jaffar, who did not attend Tuesday's hearing SPOILER ALERT: Rumours of an affair run rife on Coronation Street as Kevin Webster is spotted meeting Erica Holroyd at a hotel Stealthy meet-up 'It's the easy way out': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, discusses contemplating suicide in tell-all Loose Women interview Difficulty adjusting Talk to the palm: Pixie Lott wears tropical swimsuit with embellished 'baby' jacket as she heads to radio studios Promoting new single Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her hourglass curves in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a girls' holiday in Ibiza £4K surgery spend 'New way of travelling!' Jemma Lucy courts controversy as she goes for ride on the bonnet of a MOVING car... and blames it on her 'sore' bum lift 'The transformation was amazing!': Alexandra Daddario reveals she gained weight to get those ripped abs for her Baywatch bikini 'I just want to be the best father I can be': Matthew Morrison of Glee fame reveals he is expecting a baby with his wife Renee Due in autumn A$AP Rocky's LA mansion burgled by armed robbers that make off with $1.5m worth of gems... but neither the rapper nor Kendall were there Elle Fanning looks effortlessly cute in an A-line teadress as she frolics about in the sea during the Cannes Film Festival In her element Leggy Bella Hadid looks angelic in white plunging silk bralet and matching mini skirt ahead of the Cannes Film Festival opening gala Screen sirens Monica Bellucci and Marion Cotillard get Cannes off to a glamorous start as they dazzle in elegant ensembles at Film Festival photocalls  Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he arrives for War Machine premiere in NYC Poor post-divorce diet? 'Hopefully we can go on!' Reese Witherspoon reveals she is doing all she can to bring Big Little Lies Season 2 to the small screen  It's 'in talks' She's not sweating it! Ivanka Trump steps out in soaring D.C. temperatures wearing a sweater and trousers, after getting a visit from her glam squad Chloe Khan bares painful-looking scars on her legs as she slips into tiny white hotpants after bum lift surgery in Turkey More cosmetic surgery? Co-founder of Little Caesars and TV queen Oprah Winfrey are at the top of Forbes richest self-made women's list The list comprises the 60 wealthiest women 'Couldn't resist!' Phillip Schofield TERRIFIES Holly Willoughby on This Morning during ghost segment... while Peter Andre's paranormal investigation falls flat Lauryn Goodman wears one of her trademark plunging halterneck swimsuits as she gives paddle boarding a go in the Maldives Anne Hathaway emerges from WeHo gym flushed and sweaty in ultra-sheer Nike tank top She has a 14-month-old son  'I didn't know what I was getting myself into': Kylie Jenner flaunts her toned legs in stripped back snaps as she discusses perils of growing up in spotlight 'It's so romantic': Ore Oduba and wife Portia put on a cosy display in Cannes... but leave viewers cringing after VERY awkward chat with Cheryl's ex JB Getting some vitamin sea! Ex On The Beach's Helen Briggs and Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly sport skimpy swimsuits as they hit Ibiza My, what a big bed! Inside Pippa's fiancé's £13m bachelor pad - complete with a four-poster bed,  roof terrace and hot tub... and picture of a topless woman She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston 'It's very bizarre': Tess Ward breaks her silence on Harry Styles romance rumours as she lashes out at hateful comments from his fans Subjected to hate mail Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her curves in a red string bikini in Cape Verde... as fiancé Alex Bowen tattoos her initials on his finger  Ladies' night! Model Ella Ross wows in a bra-baring top as she enjoys night on the town... after rumoured beau Scott Disick is seen taking Bella Thorne to dinner Singer Elle King's husband Andrew Ferguson 'was arrested for domestic violence weeks before she announced secret marriage... then split' Charlie Dimmock reveals how to make ANY garden bloom in time for summer no matter how big or small (plus her tips work for total beginners)  'Matching underwear makes me feel good': Ashley James shows off her toned curves in sheer nude lingerie as she poses for a daring snap  Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... but still lives at home  An A-list actor, a club DJ, a Jonas Brother, a pop star and a former President's great nephew: A look back at Taylor Swift's VERY colourful love life The absolute cheek! Chantelle Connelly flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere as she strips off for sizzling naked shower in Spain Jessica Wright displays her hourglass curves in sexy figure-hugging black dress as she continues Dubai getaway with glamorous night out Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' Supposedly a non-smoker  Now plaid's an arrival! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her toned legs in double breasted blazer-inspired dress as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival Smiling Lindsay Lohan looks sartorially savvy in biker jacket and skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Flame-haired beauty Princess Beatrice channels off-duty chic in a trendy biker jacket for a night at celebrity haunt Chiltern Firehouse in London Under the radar  'Baewatch moment': Kate Wright flaunts her ample assets and hourglass curves in a skimpy scarlet swimsuit Setting pulses racing in Baywatch red Lily-Rose Depp hits the beach in an orange sundress as she relaxes in Cannes... before enjoying dinner date with co-star Natalie Portman PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross take a night off from their parental duties as they step out arm-in-arm for romantic meal Photogenic couple Cheeky Elizabeth Olsen unwittingly gives onlookers an eyeful as she flashes her derriere in a floral midi dress She's been blessed with an incredible figure Sharon Osbourne 'renews wedding vows with husband Ozzy in intimate Las Vegas ceremony'... a year after rocker's cheating scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend Feeling Friel, Anna? Actress, 40, hides behind large shades as she is seen for the first time since getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Not a Material Girl? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon keeps it VERY casual in green sportswear as she carries a pink plastic bag through NYC Bat Mum! Make-up free Fergie takes her little Batman Axl, 3, out for pizza in his superhero fancy dress costume  Ice Cream and pizza Newly slender Jonah Hill shows he's managed to maintain his weight loss as he steps out in shorts and a hoodie for solo stroll  Shrinking man Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne has split amicably from furniture-maker Ben  Jourdan Dunn flaunts her svelte frame in plunging black dress for P Diddy film screening... before debuting stunning new pixie haircut on Instagram Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Let's hope it doesn't rain on your big day! Pippa is spotted with her mother Carole overseeing final details at the church (while her fiance shoe shops) Nearly ready? Pippa Middleton's fiance James Matthews pops out for a spot of last-minute shoe shopping before the big day on Saturday Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Flint Water Crisis ISIS UnCovered TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story It's Going to Be the Busiest Memorial Day for Travel Since 2005 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: David Ryder/Bloomberg Southwest's Future 737 Max Engines Being Inspected for Disc Flaw by Mary Schlangenstein @Schlangenstein More stories by Mary Schlangenstein and Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson May 17, 2017, 6:57 PM EDT Airline sees planes ready as planned for October service entry Regulators cleared Boeing aircraft to resume flights this week Southwest Airlines Co. may have sidestepped a scheduling headache by letting other carriers take the first deliveries of Boeing Co.’s upgraded 737 Max jetliners. The discount airline, the initial buyer of the plane, is awaiting inspection results for 10 engines on its future jets to see if the turbines have a potential manufacturing defect. But that shouldn’t delay Southwest’s first flights with the aircraft, which aren’t scheduled until October. “They’ll take those engines off, examine the discs,” Southwest Chief Operating Officer Mike Van de Ven said in an interview Wednesday at the company’s annual shareholder meeting in Phoenix. “If they have issues, then they’ll replace them. If not, they’ll go back on the airplane.” The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The inspections involve two engines on each of five 737 Max aircraft built for Southwest but not yet delivered. That’s about a third of the powerplants being examined by supplier CFM International, a venture of General Electric Co. and Safran SA, after flights were temporarily suspended last week. CFM alerted Boeing earlier this month to a possible manufacturing quality problem with low-pressure turbine discs in the Leap engines. Engine Inspections Federal regulators cleared flights to resume on all 737 Max aircraft Tuesday after a brief suspension. About 30 affected engines will be examined at facilities in the U.S. and France. A GE representative didn’t immediately comment on the status of the inspections. Boeing said it was “working closely with CFM to ensure that we continue to conduct pre-delivery and flight testing on Max airplanes.” Southwest has ordered 170 Max 8 planes with deliveries starting in July, and 30 shorter Max 7 versions that won’t start being handed over until 2019. Southwest expects to have nine Max 8 jets by the time the airline begins flying them on Oct. 1. “We have had a full explanation of what the issue was and how they have mitigated that,” Southwest Chief Executive Officer Gary Kelly said. “I wouldn’t say this is normal but, on the other hand, it’s not highly unusual.” The Dallas-based carrier, the largest 737 operator, is considered the launch customer for the Max because it placed the initial order for 200 of the jets in late 2011. Indonesia’s Lion Mentari Airlines PT claimed the title of largest customer a few months later with an order of 201. Lion’s Malaysia affiliate, Malindo Airways, took delivery of the first 737 Max this week. Delivery Schedules Southwest let other carriers move ahead of it when it became clear the Max would be ready to fly commercially months ahead of schedule, and before the discounter was slated to retire its oldest aircraft. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA is due to take its first 737 Max later this month and five more in June. Boeing has been rushing to minimize the fallout to scheduled deliveries for the 737 Max. The new plane is expected to account for about 15 percent of Boeing’s 737 deliveries this year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 379 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Southwest Airlines says Hawaii flights are a 'priority' In contrast, CEO says Canada flights are on the airline's radar, but aren't a priority. Post to Facebook Southwest Airlines says Hawaii flights are a 'priority' In contrast, CEO says Canada flights are on the airline's radar, but aren't a priority.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qujAJy {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Southwest Airlines says Hawaii flights are a 'priority' Today in the Sky Dawn Gilbertson, The Arizona Republic 7:05 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 145 Shares A Southwest Boeing 737 MAX 8 rests in the parking lot of the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017. The jet will be the airline's first MAX, with delivery expected later this year.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY) PHOENIX -- Southwest Airlines is getting closer to adding Hawaii flights, a vacation destination travelers have been begging the nation's largest domestic airline to add for years. Southwest CEO Gary Kelly, in Phoenix on Wednesday for Southwest's annual shareholders meeting, said flights to Hawaii are a high priority for the airline. In contrast, he said Canada flights are on the airline's radar but not a priority. "We're deciding what our plans are for 2018 and Hawaii is important to us,'' Kelly said in a meeting with reporters after the shareholder event in downtown Phoenix. TODAY IN THE SKY: Southwest 737 diverts because of Pittsburgh air show | J.D. Power: Alaska Air, Southwest are the USA's best airlines for 2017 For the first time in a few years, Kelly said, Southwest had a wide open agenda for 2018. The airline focused on new Dallas flights in 2015, added international flights in Houston in 2016 and this year is adding a new international terminal in Fort Lauderdale. Asked if Hawaii flights could begin as early as 2018, Kelly didn't rule it out but didn't sound promising. "I doubt it,'' he said. "We have not decided exactly what we want to do for 2018 yet.'' IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016, at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Former and current United Airlines employees who had served on the Boeing 727 pose in front of the first of the type after its final flight at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A delightfully dated interior graces the cabin of the first Boeing 727, which completed its last flight on March 2, 2016, in Seattle. It is now on permanent display at the Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique tri-engine assembly of the Boeing 727 graces a snow-white sky at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Bombardier business jet takes off at Seattle's Boeing Field airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual, private Short C-23 Sherpa lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737-800 with Miami Air takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Surrounded by a flock of swallows, a British Airways Boeing 777-200 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A ramp agent bids farewell to an ANA Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large flight board at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 displays connections for arriving international passengers on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 passes over houses on Myrtle Avenue, a popular airplane spotting location adjacent to London Heathrow, on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A TAP Portugal Airbus A319 jet takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands at a busy London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Mauritius Airbus A340-300 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777-200 floats over a field in the early morning hours before landing at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in the flag of its host nation, a Singapore Airlines Airbus A380 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flowery Finnair Airbus A340-300 takes off for nearby Helsinki from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready for its return flight to Seattle, a British Airways Boeing 747-400 prepares for boarding at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A seat in British Airway's Club World business class, onboard a Boeing 747-400 bound for Seattle, on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The beautiful landscape of Seattle is seen on final approach from a British Airways Boeing 747-400 after a nine-hour flight from London Heathrow on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seattle-Tacoma International Airport's north satellite terminal, seen in March 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A remote airfield in southern Idaho makes for a picturesque scene on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The main ticketing terminal at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016 at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E175 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets taxi for take off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide He said Southwest must take several steps to prepare for the launch of Hawaii service, including Federal Aviation Administration certification for flights over the Pacific, flight crew training and technology support. "We still have a lot of work to do and we don't have a committed work plan yet on Hawaii ... but it's pretty high on the priority list,'' Kelly said. The airline plans to use the new Boeing 737 MAX to go to Hawaii. The airline's first MAX will begin flying for the carrier in October. The airline expects to have 14 of the planes, which offer an extended flight range, by the end of the year. TODAY IN THE SKY: Boeing delivers its first 737 MAX The first batch of Hawaii flights would be from the West Coast, Kelly said, but did not say where. Phoenix and Las Vegas are seeking non-stop service to Hawaii on Southwest, but those cities would not be in the first batch of flights because a different Boeing 737 MAX plane not yet in the fleet would be needed on the route. American and Hawaiian airlines offer non-stop flights between Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport and Hawaii. Discounter Allegiant Air tried Hawaii flights from Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in the far-east Phoenix suburb Mesa but the service was short-lived. Dawn Gilbertson is a travel reporter at The Arizona Republic. Her content is occasionally featured here in Ben Mutzabaugh's Today in the Sky blog. The Republic is part of the USA TODAY Network. TODAY IN THE SKY: Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of (photos)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Packages bound for Bradley International Airport, near Hartford, CT, board a Southwest Airlines jet at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, NV on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A reel of package tracking stickers extends out onto the floor as an employee affixes the stickers to packages at a Southwest Airlines freight facility in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off from a cloudy Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen An employee with Southwest boards a forklift inside of a big rig at the company's freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Monday, February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers move pallets of freight around a Southwest Airlines cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Jami Mathisen, an employee at Southwest Airlines' freight office in Reno, Nevada, checks paperwork ahead of the morning rush on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen One of the first Southwest Airlines' flights of the day from Reno, NV awaits a load packages at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Southwest Airlines ramp worker Mark Rusche, far right, catches a break with coworkers before the day begins at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Ramp workers load boxes onto a Southwest Airlines flight early in the morning on February 15, 2016 at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Paperwork collects on a desk at Southwest Airlines' cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A pallet of freight weighs in at 514 pounds, according to a scale in Southwest Airlines' freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qujAJy Most Popular Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 48° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News Alaska Air to begin service at second Seattle-area airport in 2018 Alaska Air to begin service at second Seattle-area airport in 2018 Wednesday, May 17, 2017 3:59 p.m. CDT An Alaska Airlines plane is shown on final approach to land in San Diego, California April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Alaska Air Group said on Wednesday it plans to begin scheduled flights from a second Seattle-area airport next year, giving it exclusive access to a growing part of the Pacific Northwest's Puget Sound region. Alaska Air's plan to fly Boeing Co 737 and Embraer 175 jets from Paine Field in Everett, Washington, starting in the fall of 2018 marks the first commercial service from the airfield, located 31 miles north of Seattle. Alaska plans to provide nine daily flights from the airfield, which is adjacent to Boeing's widebody aircraft factory. Alaska has not yet specified the destinations. "As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to ... the North Sound," Alaska Airlines Chief Executive Brad Tilden said in a statement. The move will relieve the carrier's dependence on Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, which is not expected to add capacity for 10 years, Brett Smith, chief executive of Propeller Airports, which is building the terminal at Paine Field, told Reuters. Sea-Tac, located 17 miles south of Seattle, handled 45.7 million passengers last year, making it the ninth busiest in the United States, according to the Port of Seattle website. Propeller plans to break ground in June on a two-gate, 30,000 square-foot terminal for Alaska, Smith said. Other airlines are expected to eventually join Alaska in operating commercial flights from the new terminal, but Smith added that Paine Field will not grow to become "Sea-Tac North." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, editing by G Crosse) Comments Top Stories Lake Superior Zoo CEO Resigns Wednesday, May 17 Allete Wind Turbine Components Arrive In Duluth Wednesday, May 17 Superior Council Looks For District Six Applicants Wednesday, May 17 Flash Flood Watch For Areas Of Northern Wisconsin Wednesday, May 17 Police Search For Suspect In CVS Robbery Wednesday, May 17 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 36-52 We set you thinking Thursday 18 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition China India newstream World Australian tax chief faces charges after son's cars, guns and money fraud romp 1495088633 World South Korea prepares for summit with United States: ministry 1495087373 World Erdogan says Turkey will act if Syrian Kurdish militia attacks: media 1495087213 World South Korea's Moon joins protest song at commemoration in nod to liberal values 1495082669 Business Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised 1495086941 World ‘Too intense,’ Najib says of dialogue where fight broke out 1495087560 China&India Chinese officials set to ban sale of dog meat at annual festival 1495086360 Singapore NDP tickets available from May 23; one more preview show added 1495084800 Lifestyle This local beauty brand is helmed by a 17-year-old 1495083360 Business MAS finalising plans to lease aircraft from third party 1495084914 China&India China is reluctant to blame North Korea, its ally, for WannaCry 1495083717 World Brazil president taped discussing pay-off for witness in graft probe: O Globo 1495083344 Business Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers 1495083124 Entertainment DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix 1495083414 World LGBT pride march in private Malaysia university cancelled after Islamist pressure 1495083122 Daily Focus Asians say they back breastfeeding...yet harassment persists 1495081260 World As Mao Shan Wang durians, pineapples head for China, prices to rise in Malaysia 1495082220 China&India With Chinese tourism down, Taiwan looks to lure visitors from South-east Asia 1495082213 World Philippines declines aid from Europe to assert independence: official 1495080808 World 'Bobby Three Sticks' Mueller to probe Russia-Trump imbroglio 1495080882 World Former FBI chief Mueller appointed to probe Trump-Russia ties 1495079131 Singapore Spend your NS50 vouchers at over 6,000 outlets 1495079280 World Trump team knew of Flynn inquiry before hiring him 1495077960 Business Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant 1495064479 Singapore Singapore 3rd in the world for life expectancy: WHO report 1495077720 World U.S. decries Washington brawl during Turkish president's visit 1495077332 Singapore 8,748 HDB flats launched in latest BTO and SBF exercise 1495074240 Business Oil prices dip as supply remains ample despite output cuts 1495076139 World Mexico president heads to Guatemala to discuss migration, extradition 1495074236 World Support for Macron's party grows before French parliamentary election: poll 1495074033 World How to protect yourself from ransomware attacks 1495072612 World Special prosecutor creation seen easing U.S. Congress partisanship: Senator Cornyn 1495071805 World Factbox: Ex-FBI Director Mueller draws praise as special counsel on Russia probe 1495071805 World What we know about U.S. probes of Russian meddling in 2016 election 1495071805 World House leader McCarthy suggested Trump on Putin payroll: Washington Post 1495071805 World Brazil president taped discussing payments to potential witness: sources 1495071271 World Brazil's president denies authorizing payments to silence politician 1495070019 World Factbox: U.S. Justice Department's special counsel probe of Russia 1495069888 World Petrobras, Vale ADRs plunge after new Brazil corruption allegations 1495070019 Voices Invention is key to Orchard Road’s tourism appeal 1495070514 World Scuffle breaks out between comedian and film director in front of Najib 1495068660 World Trexit? Online bettors play early end to Trump presidency 1495069014 Business U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions 1495068535 Business U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet 1495067650 World Ivanka Trump chided by group alleging US$1-an-hour pay in Chinese factories 1495067814 World Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties 1495067813 World Leaders of China, South Korea could meet as early as July at G20 meeting: South Korea envoy 1495067186 Business Singtel Q4 profit up 1.8% helped by broadband, mobile data services 1495067515 World US admiral in ‘Fat Leonard’ navy scandal sentenced to 18 months 1495065720 Entertainment ‘Resident Evil’ lays zombies to rest after 15 grisly years 1495066611 China China’s aviation dream finally takes off with help from the West A Chinese C919 passenger jet taking off on its first flight at Pudong International Airport in Shanghai on May 5. The maiden flight was seen as making ‘generations of Chinese people’s dream come true’. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 4:00 AM, May 18, 2017 HONG KONG — The first time China attempted to build a large passenger jet, it tried — and failed — to reverse-engineer a Boeing 707 that crash-landed in Xinjiang in 1971. The latest vehicle for China’s aviation dream, the Comac C919, completed its first test flight after Beijing decided to take a different path: Buying parts from European and United States aviation companies rather than stealing their technology. After many missteps, the maiden flight of the aircraft — with berween 158 and 174 seats — was a big moment for China, economically and politically. The government told state-owned Comac in a congratulatory note that the C919 “carries great weight and importance to the country’s innovation drive”. Seeing it “flying in the blue sky makes generations of Chinese people’s dream come true”, it added. The C919 is designed to compete with the workhorses of modern short-haul aviation, the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737. It has a ready-made customer base as China is forecast to overtake the US as the world’s biggest aviation market in 2024. Comac has also built a smaller jet, called the ARJ21, and is developing a long-haul aircraft alongside Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation. China has been trying to build large passenger aircraft since the Mao Zedong era, when Communist officials bridled at the prospect of having to fly overseas on foreign-made aircraft. President Xi Jinping, who often travels abroad on a Boeing 747 operated by Air China, is unlikely to start flying on the C919 soon, as it will be at least a couple of years before it goes into mass production. But China’s airliner project is still driven by politics as much as policy. Throughout the sprawling Comac factory in Shanghai, Communist propaganda banners bearing slogans from Mr Xi and others urge workers to knuckle down to achieve the Chinese aviation dream. “Remember your mission, march forward and win the ‘three battles’,” said one, referring to the markets for regional, short-haul and long-haul jets. Mr Xi is keen to show progress on high-profile initiatives such as the C919 ahead of the next five-yearly congress of the Communist Party in the autumn, where he will be trying to strengthen his grip on power. By successfully bringing the C919 into mass production, Comac would join a select club of companies with the technical expertise to build large passenger jets including Boeing of the US, Europe’s Airbus, Canada’s Bombardier and Russia’s Sukhoi and Tupolev. In addition to prestige, China wants to reduce its reliance on foreign aircraft manufacturers, primarily Boeing and Airbus. But, paradoxically, the C919 has only got this far because of the cooperation of Western suppliers. The wings and the tail are made in China, but many of the most important and most technologically advanced parts are purchased from foreign companies, such as General Electric and Safran, which provided the engine, and Honeywell, which supplied the wheels and brakes and communication and navigation systems. Buying components from these industry leaders has helped to speed up the development process. But the C919 is still 10 to 15 years out of date compared to the latest versions of the A320 and Boeing 737, meaning it will probably cost more to run. That need not dent sales of the aircraft as most of China’s airlines are state-controlled and they can easily be encouraged to use it. They have already made orders for more than 500 C919s. If China really wants to prove it can compete with Boeing and Airbus, rather than Tupolev and Sukhoi, it will have to sell its aircraft in developed markets, which will require better technology and hard-to-achieve certification from European and US regulators. That is where Beijing may well hit the limits of Chinese aviation with Western characteristics. Chinese officials have a history of covering up technical problems with domestically produced aircraft and not reporting accidents. Corruption, political interference and a lack of transparency make Western regulators nervous, and undermine the potential for innovation in China. Mr Derek Levine, who wrote a book on China’s aviation ambitions, warns that “unless China learns how to make the most sophisticated elements of a plane, they’ll always be a step behind”.FINANCIAL TIMES mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most China&India READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ‘World’s heaviest woman’ leaves Indian hospital after surgery ‘World’s heaviest woman’ has surgery in India, loses 100kgs ‘World’s cheapest smartphone’ to be launched in India ‘Voldemort’ attacks up ante in China-Japan propaganda war Xi pushes for China to be centre of new economic order Xi positions China as champion of globalisation as US turns inwards With Chinese tourism down, Taiwan looks to lure visitors from South-east Asia Umbrellas the latest trend in China’s sharing economy Taiwan to continue buying arms from United States, boosting American jobs Sri Lanka’s men face rape a decade after civil war: Study Silk Road summit offers China opportunity to increase global standing Several EU countries snub summit’s trade text Modi bids to blunt Chinese influence on Sri Lanka trip Indian woman battered to death with bricks after being gang-raped Inside Today World Australian tax chief faces charges after son's cars, guns and money fraud romp ‘Too intense,’ Najib says of dialogue where fight broke out South Korea prepares for summit with United States: ministry Erdogan says Turkey will act if Syrian Kurdish militia attacks: media Brazil president taped discussing pay-off for witness in graft probe: O Globo Business Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised MAS finalising plans to lease aircraft from third party Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers Oil prices dip as supply remains ample despite output cuts U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions Sports DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix Li Jiawei wants to groom the next table tennis star Cut in Games events, facility woes hit Singapore shooting hard Sharapova vows to rise again after French Open snub Garena Young Lions head coach Selvaraj quits post for ‘family reasons’ Entertainment DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix ‘Resident Evil’ lays zombies to rest after 15 grisly years Say 'teng bong' to S'pore's first Kristang language festival Additional tickets for Amei World Tour in June for sale on Thursday Interactive art to feature at new kids’ Biennale About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Alaska Air to begin service at second Seattle-area airport in 2018 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 4:59pm EDT Alaska Air to begin service at second Seattle-area airport in 2018 left right An Alaska Airlines plane is shown on final approach to land in San Diego, California April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake 1/2 left right Brad Tilden, Chairman, President and CEO of Alaska Airlines speaks during a panel discussion at the 2015 International Air Transport Association (IATA) Annual General Meeting (AGM) and World Air Transport Summit in Miami Beach, Florida, June 8, 2015. REUTERS/Joe Skipper 2/2 By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE Alaska Air Group (ALK.N) said on Wednesday it plans to begin scheduled flights from a second Seattle-area airport next year, giving it exclusive access to a growing part of the Pacific Northwest's Puget Sound region. Alaska Air's plan to fly Boeing Co (BA.N) 737 and Embraer (EMBR3.SA) 175 jets from Paine Field in Everett, Washington, starting in the fall of 2018 marks the first commercial service from the airfield, located 31 miles north of Seattle. Alaska plans to provide nine daily flights from the airfield, which is adjacent to Boeing's widebody aircraft factory. Alaska has not yet specified the destinations. "As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to ... the North Sound," Alaska Airlines Chief Executive Brad Tilden said in a statement. The move will relieve the carrier's dependence on Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, which is not expected to add capacity for 10 years, Brett Smith, chief executive of Propeller Airports, which is building the terminal at Paine Field, told Reuters. Sea-Tac, located 17 miles south of Seattle, handled 45.7 million passengers last year, making it the ninth busiest in the United States, according to the Port of Seattle website. Propeller plans to break ground in June on a two-gate, 30,000 square-foot terminal for Alaska, Smith said. Other airlines are expected to eventually join Alaska in operating commercial flights from the new terminal, but Smith added that Paine Field will not grow to become "Sea-Tac North." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, editing by G Crosse) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions NEW YORK The U.S. Justice Department plans to file a civil lawsuit against Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV over excess diesel emissions as early as this week if no agreement is reached with the Italian-American automaker, two sources briefed on the matter said on Wednesday. Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. Cisco revenue forecast disappoints; says to cut 1,100 more jobs Cisco Systems Inc forecast current-quarter revenue that widely missed analysts' estimates and said it would cut 1,100 more jobs, as the world's largest networking gear maker steps up efforts to transform into a software-focused company. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 18, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Avolon delivers first Boeing 737 Max to Malaysia’s Malindo Air Regulators clear new model to fly after source of engine part flaw identified about 11 hours ago The 737 Max is the latest model of the single aisle Boeing craft used on mainly short-haul routes around the world         Irish aircraft lessor Avolon delivered the world’s first Boeing 737 Max to Malindo Air, part of the southeast Asian conglomerate, Lion Group. The 737 Max is the latest model of the single aisle Boeing craft used on mainly short-haul routes around the world and is predicted to become one of the biggest-selling planes produced by the US aerospace giant. Avolon delivered the craft to the Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia-based Malindo at a ceremony at Boeing’s centre in Seattle, Oregon in the northwestern US. The airline is the first to have taken commercial delivery of the model. More fuel efficient Representatives of the Irish company, Boeing, Malindo and the craft’s engine manufacturer CFM took part. The Max is designed to be more fuel efficient and to carry larger numbers of passengers over longer distances. Avolon intends to deliver 60 of the craft between now and 2021. Production of the craft hit a snag last week when a flaw was discovered in a part in a small number of engines. Regulators have since cleared the craft to fly and the source of the problem has been tracked down.       Topics: Boeing Cfm Lion Group Malindo Malindo Air Kuala Lumpur Oregon Seattle United States Read More Ryanair trial uses Rome as stepping stone for onward flights Irish Continental ‘totally prepared’ for Brexit Ryanair to offer connecting flights if Rome trial succeeds Potential engine fault will not delay Norwegian Air launch Maersk sees shipping recovery on horizon as profit tops forecast Emirates airline profit falls for first time in five years Traffic handled by Irish Aviation Authority up 5.5% in April Italians turning to Ryanair as Alitalia files for bankruptcy VW rejects calls to publish dieselgate investigation findings Irish boss of Qantas airline gets pie in face at conference  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m Technology Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Sport Sonia O’Sullivan: ‘So what is it you do?’ Reflections on a tricky question Ireland A bicycle trip around Tipp with a golden centre Sponsored Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: a Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m 07:46 Asian markets fall as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment 07:18 Irish firms fear Brexit may lead to war on talent, survey finds 07:02 WannaCry exposes the chaos hacking tools can bring 07:00 C&C brewing up production deals in US 06:55 Most Read in Business 1 Ireland’s biggest property developers lodge bids for RTÉ’s land in Donnybrook 2 Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new chief executive 3 Disabled employee awarded €7,500 after recordings of him shared for colleagues’ merriment 4 Irish firms fear Brexit may lead to war on talent, survey finds 5 State’s housebuilding crisis down to lack of listed builders - Cairn 6 Ryanair trial uses Rome as stepping stone for onward flights 7 Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system 8 Dalata acquires stake in two Dublin hotels for €62.5m 9 WannaCry exposes the chaos hacking tools can bring 10 Standard Life to choose Dublin post-Brexit Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 18/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 212 25 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alaska Air expands to Everett, Wash., where it would be the only carrier Everett is best known for Boeing's assembly line; Alaska Air said flights would begin in 2018. Post to Facebook Alaska Air expands to Everett, Wash., where it would be  the only carrier Everett is best known for Boeing's assembly line; Alaska Air said flights would begin in 2018.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rrs951 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Alaska Air expands to Everett, Wash., where it would be the only carrier Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 1:29 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 13 hours ago 244 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America begin merger process  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Sporting the airline's recently updated livery, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America operated its busiest hub in San Francisco, where it has become one of the city's most notable carriers.  AP Fullscreen An image showing the tails of Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America was known for its trendy and irreverent image. Every year near Christmas, the carrier performed 'Operation Chihuahua Airlift' to send rescued chihuahuas to homes on the East Coast.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes with the company's newest livery and tail logo, left, and the old livery are shown April 4, 2016, at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Ted S. Warren, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines and Virgin America aircraft are seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Aug. 12, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America sparked a major fare war when it tried to create a 'focus city' at Dallas Love Field. Here, one of the airline's planes is seen at Love Field in April 2014.  AP Fullscreen A new Alaska Airlines 737 painted with a Boeing centennial theme arrives during a kickoff celebration for Boeing's 100th anniversary month on June 30, 2016, in Seattle.  Genna Martin, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's distinctive red tails have become a common site at San Francisco International Airport.  JOHN G. MABANGLO, EPA Fullscreen Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden speaks to a crowd during the Alaska Airlines Plane Pull with Russell Wilson and Joel McHale at The Museum of Flight in Seattle on July 28, 2015.  Matt Mills McKnight, AP Images for Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America CEO David Cush, third-left front row, is applauded and showered with confetti as he rings the opening bell at the Nasdaq market to mark his company's IPO in New York on Nov. 14, 2014.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Nov. 14, 2016, fueling manager Jarid Svraka looks on as he fuels an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 jet with a new, blended alternative jet fuel at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America flight attendants line the red carpet during a news conference at Dallas Love Field on April 25, 2014.  Max Faulkner, Fort Worth Star-Telegram via AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line a terminal in Seattle on Dec. 16, 2015.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen Virgin America's inaugural flight between Los Angeles an Dallas Fort Worth International Airport comes in for a landing in Texas on Dec. 1, 2010.  LM Otero, AP Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "Salmon-Thirty-Salmon" themed Boeing 737-800 is one of several unique paint jobs flying for the carrier. It's seen here in Anchorage on Oct. 4, 2012.  Mark Thiessen, AP Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 painted with the airline's new tail logo and livery takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 26, 2016.  HANDOUT/EPA Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events. Here he greets staff at the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen British tycoon Richard Branson became a fixture for Virgin America at its promotional events.Here he participates in festivities for the airline's inaugural San Francisco-Denver flight on March 15, 2016.  Trevor Hughes, USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America's hub at San Francisco put it into head-to-head competition with rival United on many routes.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Alaska Airlines planes line-up at the terminal at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 13, 2009.  Elaine Thompson, AP Fullscreen This airline painted in the colors of the Portland Timbers Major League Soccer team has been one of several special liveries to fly for Alaska Airlines over the years.  Courtesy of Alaska Air Group Fullscreen Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle, Wash in April of 2016. Bearing the airline's new logo and paint scheme, an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxies for departure in Seattle on April of 2016. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Fullscreen Seen here in 2011, Virgin America performed a splashy makeover in creating its ticketing space at San Francisco International Airport.  Martin E. Klimek, for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The warm orange hues of a summer sunset envelope an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets over the Olympic mountain range as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to its gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 747-400 lands within view of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska and Delta Air Lines jets pass one another at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on June 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Airlines announced plans to begin flying from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., a facility about 25 miles north of Seattle that does not currently have commercial passenger airline service. Alaska Airlines said its service would begin in the fall of 2018 and would come only after a passenger terminal is built at the airport. Alaska Air did not immediately reveal schedule plans, adding that its Paine Field expansion remained subject to government approvals. But Alaska Air did say that if approved, "more than a million North Sound travelers will enjoy ... up to nine daily departures." Paine Field already hosts a busy flight schedule, but that’s not from regular airline service. Instead, the facility is adjacent to Boeing’s largest assembly line, where the U.S. jetmaker performs final assembly on its 747, 767, 777 and 787 widebody aircraft. Boeing’s large aircraft keep a heavy flight schedule at the airport, which also hosts some private general aviation flying. Several airlines have previously suggested they would try to fly from Paine Field, but Alaska Airlines’ announcement appears to be the most serious effort yet to do so. Seattle-based Alaska Airlines operates its busiest hub at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, which sits on the south side of the city of Seattle. Everett is on the north side, about 40 miles from the region’s primary Seattle-Tacoma airport. While Alaska runs a busy hub there, it touted its planned service at Everett’s Paine Field as a way to expand its reach into the northern stretch of Seattle’s metro area, where travelers can facing daunting traffic on Interstate 5 to get to Seattle-Tacoma. TODAY IN THE SKY: Virgin America name will be phased out in favor of Alaska Air, 'likely' in 2019 | Alaska Air begins merger with Virgin America, promises 'more to love' (story continues below) Alaska Airlines issued this map in announcing it planned to add service to Everett, Wash.  (Photo: Alaska Airlines) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines to update cabins in Virgin America merger  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Alaska Airlines unveiled a cabin update for its airplanes as it pushes ahead with its merger with Virgin America. Seen here is a rendering of the new look for the first-class cabin.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines unveiled a cabin update for its airplanes as it pushes ahead with its merger with Virgin America. Seen here is a rendering of the new look for the economy cabin.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Virgin America-inspired mood-lighting will find its way onto Alaska Airlines’ updated airplane cabins.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines unveiled a cabin update for its airplanes as it pushes ahead with its merger with Virgin America. Seen here is a rendering of the new look for the first-class cabin.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines unveiled a cabin update for its airplanes as it pushes ahead with its merger with Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new 'Premium Class' extra-room economy seats will be expanded to Virgin America's Airbus planes.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines unveiled a cabin update for its airplanes as it pushes ahead with its merger with Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new 'Premium Class' extra-room economy seats will be expanded to Virgin America's Airbus planes.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 8 2 of 8 3 of 8 4 of 8 5 of 8 6 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 8 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Alaska Air’s expansion to Everett also comes as its Seattle-Tacoma hub has faced soaring passenger numbers, something that’s partially a result of an ongoing Seattle turf battle between Alaska Air and partner-turned-rival Delta. "As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to our valued guests living in the North Sound," Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden said in a statement. "Today's news means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time enjoying your vacation or making the most of your business trip." In its statement announcing the service, Alaska Air touted the convenience for those living north of Seattle -- especially on short flights to regional destinations. “Imagine spending more time getting to the airport than actually flying to a destination such as Portland, Ore.,” the statement reads. “That's what many travelers, who live north of Seattle, and drive to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, frequently experience. According to publicly available traffic data, by flying out of Paine Field, Everett residents, for example, could shave up to 80 minutes off their airport commute, during peak traffic congestion.” Despite that, however, Alaska Air said routes could go beyond the region. “We’re not quite ready to share details of the routes,” John Kirby, Alaska’s vice president of capacity planning, said via the company's blog. “But I can tell you they won’t be limited to short, regional flights. We’re talking daily, nonstop flights to some of our most popular destinations.” FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Alaska Airlines, Virgin America kick off merger with celebration  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees pose near a special-livery 737 that Alaska Air rolled out Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special merger-themed paint scheme on one of its Boeing 737s on Dec. 14, 2016. The livery marked the closing of Alaska Air's acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen From left, Alaska Airlines employees Ruthy Trykur (fueling operations specialist), Lucy Lafayette (accounts payable) and Brinda Baldwin (accounts payable supervisor) onboard Alaska Airlines' special charter flight to San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A red-carpet greeting awaited passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Alaska Airlines Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' messaging as seen on its special new merger-themed livery.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets passengers -- mostly employees -- arriving to San Francisco on a special charter flight on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ground crews in San Francisco welcome the arrival of a special Alaska Airlines flight on Dec. 14, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets workers in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden speaks to workers at San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the carrier officially began its merger with Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air kicked off its merger with Virgin America on Dec. 14, 2016, with an employee event in San Francisco.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines has begun a marketing campaign to tout its merger with Virgin America.. Both airlines are well-liked, but share very different corporate identities.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen "More to love" is emblazoned on the side of a specially painted, merger-themed Boeing 737 for Alaska Airlines.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines rolled out this special livery on Dec. 14, 2016, to commemorate the closing of its acquisition of Virgin America. The plane incorporates brand elements of each carrier.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Air CEO Brad Tilden greets employees in San Francisco on Dec. 14, 2016, as the airline closed on its acquisition of Virgin America.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rrs951 Most Popular Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Spaceflight buys Rocket Lab Electron launch for a small satellite sampler Jury sides with T-Mobile in federal lawsuit over theft of ‘Tappy’ robot technology by Huawei UW names Rob Adams to replace Connie Bourassa-Shaw as head of Buerk Center for Entrepreneurship New app from MedBridge aims to help patients keep on top of rehabilitation therapy Canadian PM Justin Trudeau rocks Microsoft CEO Summit: Why snooping on VIPs is getting harder GeekWork Picks: Zipwhip seeks Operations Engineer to grow network infrastructure for text messaging platform Seattle nonprofit to battle cancer in Africa with help from biotech industry GeekWire Deals: Build a career with the System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle Walk the plank, Pokèmon! New AR game ‘Captain Blimey’ promises huge digital treasure hunt New Seattle apartment building has ties back to Paul Allen, Bill Gates and computer programming How Sheryl Sandberg’s Facebook policy changes are rippling through the tech industry ‘First date from hell’: Texas man sues woman he met online after she texts during movie Digital health startup Conversa raises $8M, plans to scale up Portland office Alaska Airlines plans flights from Everett’s Paine Field to dodge Sea-Tac traffic jam The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Google launches powerful new Cloud TPU machine-learning chips for Google Cloud Platform Google Assistant coming to iPhone, escalating competition with Siri, Alexa and Cortana Pearl Jam’s Mike McCready to discuss new book of Polaroid photos in release event at Seattle’s KEXP Report: Amazon is recruiting healthcare experts in bid for lucrative pharmaceutical industry BMW’s ReachNow tests higher price for ride-hailing service, preparing to challenge Uber and Lyft 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Former Bitly CMO returns to Seattle, creates VC fund to provide NW startups with more early-stage cash Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Seattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports Warning: Elon Musk posts dizzying views of his first tunnel boring tests in L.A. Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Trending: The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Boeing makes first 737 MAX delivery to Malindo Air after concern over engines by Alan Boyle on May 16, 2017 at 10:33 pmMay 16, 2017 at 10:38 pm Comments   Share  20 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! Malindo Air’s first 737 MAX 8 jet is already painted in livery that reflects the airline’s future rebranding as Batik Air Malaysia. (Boeing Photo) Boeing today marked the first delivery of a new-generation 737 MAX jet with an official handover to Malaysia-based Malindo Air at the Seattle Delivery Center. The delivery came after Boeing sent about 30 of the engines for its 737 MAX planes back to their manufacturer due to concerns about potentially defective turbine disks. Those concerns cropped up last week. and forced Boeing to ground its MAX fleet for several days. Inspectors found that the plane Malindo received was unaffected by the flaw, and Boeing says it’s now gotten the go-ahead from the Federal Aviation Administration to resume all flight activities. Malindo, which is changing its name to Batik Air Malaysia later this year, will be the first airline to fly the 737 MAX 8 commercially. “This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market,” Kevin McAllister, the president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, said in a statement. “The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers.” Malindo CEO Chandran Rama Muthy said “we believe that the 737 MAX will become the centerpiece of our fleet.” Technically speaking, the jet was purchased by Avolon, an Irish-based subsidiary of China’s HNA Group, and leased to Malindo, which is part of Indonesia’s Lion Air Group. Lion Air has ordered 201 of the 737 MAXs in all. The MAX line is expected to be 14 percent more fuel-efficient than the previous generation of single-aisle 737s, thanks to its CFM LEAP-1B engines and tweaks to the plane’s aerodynamic design. In addition to the MAX 8, Boeing is working on variants known as the MAX 7, MAX 9, MAX 10X and MAX 200. Boeing has almost 3,700 orders for the MAX series to fill over the years to come. The next airline expected to take delivery is Norwegian Air. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  20 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryStartup Spotlight: Phoresa is creating a ‘pregnancy-style’ test for infectious diseases Next StoryWashington state’s tougher distracted driving law to take effect this year, ahead of schedule Filed Under: Tech GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boeing’s 737 MAX 9 jet makes first flight Boeing’s fuel-saving 737 MAX jet gets a ‘wow’ review after first flight Boeing will ratchet down 747 production in Everett to one jet every two months Get a sneak peek at Boeing’s 737 MAX 9 jet – and the pioneering technology behind it Previous StoryStartup Spotlight: Phoresa is creating a ‘pregnancy-style’ test for infectious diseases Next StoryWashington state’s tougher distracted driving law to take effect this year, ahead of schedule Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Build a career with the System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle GeekWire Deals: Reach advanced levels of Linux mastery in one course bundle Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. User Interface DesignerKenworth Truck Company Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Thursday, May 18, 2017  |  Shaban 22, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing has delivered the first of its new 737 MAX 8 airliners to Malaysia's Malindo Airways. Stephen Brashear / AFP Boeing’s new 737 Max delivered to its first customer May 17, 2017 Updated: May 17, 2017 07:29 PM Related Boeing resumes some 737 Max test flights Boeing halts new Max jet liner test flights as debut looms Emirates SkyCargo to expand operations with Cargolux Airlines tie-up Qantas chief hit in face with pie at business breakfast Related Boeing resumes some 737 Max test flights Boeing halts new Max jet liner test flights as debut looms Emirates SkyCargo to expand operations with Cargolux Airlines tie-up Qantas chief hit in face with pie at business breakfast Topics: Boeing Boeing has delivered the first 737 Max to the jetliner’s largest customer, Lion Mentari Airlines, a step toward reaping a cash bounty from the best-selling aircraft in company history. The hand-over to Lion’s Malaysia affiliate, Malindo Airways, was only a day late after the US plane maker quickly recovered from a possible engine manufacturing defect, which had grounded the fledgling Max fleet last week. Before that hiccup, the upgraded 737 had coasted through development and flight-testing months ahead of schedule – a rarity in an industry where delays are the norm. The 737 and Airbus’ A320 family are the sturdy workhorses for budget carriers worldwide, built to withstand multiple short flights a day. And thanks to manufacturing scale and processes honed over decades, they are the biggest profit generators for the plane makers, one reason why investors have closely watched the progress of the latest Boeing single-aisle jet so closely. The Max "is the most important programme at Boeing both now and in the future", said George Ferguson, a senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. "It is the cash generator and they can’t screw it up." Boeing is counting on smooth sailing for the 737 Max, the newest member of the jet family dating back about 50 years. That is essential if the Chicago-based company is to make good on the cash it has promised to return to investors as production slows for the 777, the second-largest source of profit, ahead of a transition to a new model. The Max family had netted 3,714 orders through the end of April, with the bulk of sales coming from the midsize Max-8. That jet, the first to debut, promises 8 per cent lower operating costs than Airbus’s A320neo jets from upgrades that include new fuel-efficient engines and winglets. To convert that order backlog to cash, Boeing is in the process of speeding output at the Washington factory where the jets are manufactured by 12 per cent this year to a 47-jet monthly pace. Additional step-ups are planned for 2018 and 2019. If all goes to plan, current-generation 737 planes and the Max will generate about US$25 billion in revenue this year, about 27 per cent of the company total, according to Mr Ferguson. He estimates Boeing will reap about $4bn in operating profit from the single-aisle jets in 2017, 43 per cent of its total. The manufacturer plans to roll out three other models in addition to the Max 8 headed to Malindo. And the company’s salesforce is working to find customers for a possible stretched model, the Max 10, ahead of a possible debut in Paris next month. * Bloomberg business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Emirates Group’s dnata plans expansion of Marhaba premium service to four more airports Dubai’s Al Maktoum International Airport expansion delayed until 2018 Boeing’s new 737 Max delivered to its first customer Latin America’s biggest airline sees net income dive MOST VIEWED Business | All Solar panel demand in Dubai dulled by red tape Dubai’s Al Maktoum International Airport expansion delayed until 2018 $1bn in start-up funding to flow through UAE this year, says Arabnet Emirates Post to go the last mile with post-office pickup Alabbar says Noon.com launch on track Evicted tenant is refusing to vacate Dubai property Think outside the glass box when building in the UAE, says architect Marsa Al Arab: Dubai’s next mega-project unveiled - video New Dubai Creek Harbour project fly through revealed by Emaar – video Aldar Academies set to manage Adnoc schools More Most Viewed Your A to Z guide to this weekend’s super-sale in Dubai Visa ban against Bangladeshis looking to work in the UAE ‘will be lifted very soon’ Solar panel demand in Dubai dulled by red tape Dubai’s Al Maktoum International Airport expansion delayed until 2018 More than 23 events to be hosted on Yas Island this year American teen dies of caffeine overdose Girl dies of injuries after hitting windscreen in UAQ car accident One-time use phone chargers banned in Dubai The Saudi plan for theme parks and cinemas Tailgating causes 8 deaths in 73 accidents in first quarter of 2017 More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Marsa Al Arab project near Burj Al Arab to feature two new luxury islands Most Dubai shoppers turn to online retailers for frequent purchases Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Television’s role in exploring ISIL’s disturbing tactics A chat with sushi master Katsuya Uechi about his Dubai restaurant, Katsuya by Starck Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 234% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/17/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Boeing Delivers Its First 737 MAX, Just As Planned A recent discovery of manufacturing defects in some 737 MAX engines didn't stop Boeing from handing over the first 737 MAX 8 to launch customer Malindo Air on Tuesday. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) May 17, 2017 at 11:40AM After botching the development of its 787 Dreamliner -- leading to big delays and even bigger cost overruns -- Boeing (NYSE:BA) was much more cautious with the 737 MAX, an upgraded version of its best-selling line of jets. Up until very recently, this approach was working extremely well, putting the 737 MAX on track to be delivered several months early. However, last week, Boeing seemed to hit a snag, as it was forced to ground the entire 737 MAX test fleet because of a manufacturing problem related to some 737 MAX engines. However, as many industry experts had predicted, the fleet grounding turned out to be a non-event. This allowed Boeing to go ahead with its first delivery of the 737 MAX on Tuesday. Boeing is relying on the 737 MAX While the Boeing 737 MAX has often been dismissed as an inferior competitor to Airbus' A320neo family, it is still a hugely important product for Boeing. Indeed, it is the fastest-selling jet in Boeing's history. The 737 MAX has sold extremely well over the past six years. Image source: Boeing. As of the end of April, Boeing had a backlog of 5,704 firm orders across all of its commercial aircraft lines. More than 3,700 of those orders were for the 737 MAX. The 737 MAX thus represents Boeing's most important potential driver of revenue, profit, and cash flow growth for the coming decade. Getting the first one delivered on time and then ramping up production smoothly has been a critical priority for Boeing. No need to worry As one aerospace analyst put it, last week's brief period of concern about 737 MAX engine defects was "a tempest in a teapot." First, the cause of the problem was already known by the time the fleet was grounded. Second, there were never indications that these defects were part of a larger problem. Third, the component in question was manufactured by multiple suppliers -- and only one of them was responsible for the defective parts. Still, Boeing needed to get regulators to sign off before it could resume test flights and start delivering planes. This could have caused problems due to launch operator Malindo Air's aggressive plan to put its first 737 MAX into service on May 19. Fortunately, the FAA quickly cleared Boeing to restart test flights using engines without the potentially defective components. As a result, it was able to deliver the first 737 MAX to Malindo Air on Tuesday, just a day later than previously planned. That may still allow the carrier to get the plane back to Malaysia in time for the scheduled entry into service on Friday. Avoiding a big delay in that first delivery was particularly important because Malindo Air is a subsidiary of fast-growing Indonesian airline group Lion Air. Lion Air is the No. 1 customer for Boeing's 737 MAX, with 201 firm orders. Now comes an even bigger challenge The 737 MAX isn't nearly as technically complex as the 787 Dreamliner, but it's still notable that Boeing was able to execute a more-or-less flawless development program. That said, ramping up production may prove to be the real challenge. Over the next two to three years, Boeing plans to switch over all of its 737 production to the new-engine models, while simultaneously ramping up output from 42 per month to 57 per month. Aggressive output targets at Boeing and Airbus have put suppliers under a lot of strain, particularly for the new engines. Boeing's engine supplier, CFM, will now have to address the recent manufacturing defect in the midst of this aggressive production growth. Time will tell whether it is up to the challenge, or if Boeing will instead have to modify its production plans. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info May 17, 2017 at 11:40AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $178.78 down $-3.92 (-2.15%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets Boeing Training Jet Rivals Are Dropping Like Flies Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Boeing Co. Earnings: 2017 Begins on a Mixed Note Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Boeing Delivers Its First 737 MAX, Just As Planned @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 18 May 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Malindo Air takes delivery of Boeing 737 MAX from Avolon By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · May 17, 2017 Avolon, the international aircraft leasing company, has delivered the world´s first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft to Malindo Air, the company said. In addition to today´s delivery, Avolon has commitments for 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8/9 aircraft, delivering through to 2021. This is Avolon´s fifth aircraft on lease to Malindo Air, and is part of a portfolio of 19 aircraft currently on lease to Lion Air Group. The Boeing 737 MAX is a new-engine variant that builds on the strengths of today´s Next-Generation 737. Headquartered in Ireland, with offices in the United States, Dubai, Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, Avolon, a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Chinese public company Bohai Capital Holding Co., Ltd., provides aircraft leasing and lease management services. Boeing is an aerospace company and manufacturer of commercial jetliners, and defense, space, and security systems. With corporate offices in Chicago, Boeing supports airlines, and US and allied government customers in 150 countries, and employs approximately 150,000 people across the United States and in more than 65 countries around the world. With main hubs at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) and the downtown city airport Subang Skypark in Selangor, Malindo is an international carrier in the Lion Group. As of 15 May 2017, it has a fleet of 45 aircraft, flies to 46 destinations across 16 countries, and has interlining services with 4 airlines. Related posts Cheapflights.com reveals details to know before, during, after travel May 17, 2017 The travel experts at Cheapflights.com have identified often-overlooked details that can affect air travel; from... Conztanz partners with Switchfly for US entry with Inovexus May 17, 2017 Conztanz, a data agility platform provider addressing air traveler journey, recently partnered with Switchfly, Inc.,... FLYHT Aerospace Solutions issues incentive stock options May 17, 2017 FLYHT Aerospace Solutions Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: FLY) (OTCQX: FLYLF) has granted incentive stock options for... London Gatwick selects Smiths to provide, service baggage explosives detection systems May 17, 2017 Smiths Detection, formerly Morpho Detection — Safran, has won a contract with London Gatwick Airport... Dream Jet makes stop at Doha International Airport in Qatar May 17, 2017 Deer Jet´s 787 ´Dream Jet´ made its Middle East debut when it made a stopover... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Aurora robotic co-pilot demonstrates capabilities on a simulated Boeing 737 AMI Aviation completes STC for next gen Garmin technology for Beech 1900D » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 516 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Boeing delivers its first 737 MAX The first MAX jet went not to Southwest or Norwegian, but rather to Malaysia's Malindo Air. Post to Facebook Boeing delivers its first 737 MAX The first MAX jet went not to Southwest or Norwegian, but rather to Malaysia's Malindo Air.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qs0xjj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Boeing delivers its first 737 MAX Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 9:20 a.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 17 hours ago 184 Shares This photo provided by Boeing shows a 737 MAX in the colors of Malaysian carrier Malindo Air.  (Photo: Boeing) Boeing delivered the first of its new 737 MAX jets on Tuesday, handing the aircraft over to Malaysian low-cost carrier Malindo Air. Malindo took delivery of the jet at a handover ceremony at Boeing Field in Seattle. “We are thrilled to partner with Boeing to take the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX,” Malindo Air CEO Chandran Rama Muthy said in a statement. “These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers.” The MAX family is Boeing's latest update to its popular 737 line of jetliners, used mostly for medium- and short-haul flights by airlines across the globe. This latest iteration marks the third major overhaul to the 737 since the program launched in 1967 and features new engines and other aerodynamic enhancements. In total, Boeing's MAX family of 737s has already recorded nearly 3,700 orders from 87 customers around the world. While there had been much anticipation about the first delivery of the first 737 MAX, it was somewhat unexpected that Malindo Air ended up being the first to take one. Malindo moved to the front of the queue amid shifting delivery schedules for the other airlines that had been expected to receive theirs first. TODAY IN THE SKY (December 2015): Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Testing equipment is seen on Boeing's first 737 MAX, which was rolled out for the first time on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Employees gather for a closer view as Boeing rolls out the first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A caution flag that reads "remove before flight" hangs from the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., as it is parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Boeing rolled out its first 737 MAX from its Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's first fully assembled 737 MAX is rolled out of the hanger in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen A LEAP engine is pictured on the first Boeing 737 MAX jet at Boeing's Renton, Wash., assembly line on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airliner is parked at the company's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A news crew does a shot in front of Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX named the "Spirit of Renton" is parked at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown Dec. 8, 2015, before an employee-only rollout event.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Airline logos representing current customers for the Boeing 737 MAX airplane are shown on the fuselage of the first production model of the plane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen In this photo made with a fish-eye lens, the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing's assembly line in Renton, Wash., is shown parked Dec. 8, 2015.  AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Southwest, one of the world’s largest operators of the 737, officially remains the “launch customer” for the 737 MAX, though it's not expected to take delivery of its first model of the variant until this summer. The next airline to take delivery of the MAX is all but certain to be fast-growing Norwegian Air, which likely will receive its first 737 MAX by early June. Later in the month, Norwegian will use the jet on new European routes its launching from three mid-size airports in the U.S. Northeast. Norwegian will offer numerous routes from Newburgh, N.Y.; Providence, R.I.; and Hartford, Conn., to destinations in Ireland and the United Kingdom. TODAY IN THE SKY: Happy birthday, 737! Boeing’s workhorse turns 50 (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A celebration of the Boeing 737: 50 years of flying  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The 100th Boeing 737NG for Indonesia-based Lion Air taxis to the runway at Singapore Changi International Airport in February 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle Tacoma International Airport in August 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's Renton, Wash., factory build a 737NG narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on December 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two of only a handful remaining, a pair Boeing 737-200s operating for Northern Air Cargo are seen at Anchorage International Airport in Anchorage in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft, destined for Southwest Airlines, is seen at the parking lot of the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft, destined for Southwest Airlines, seen at the parking lot of the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bob Bogash, a former Boeing engineer that restored the original Boeing 737 to flight condition, hands out 737 program stickers to guests at the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen Capt. Brien Wygle, who flew the first 737 flight on April 9, 1967, signs autographs at the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Brien Wygle, who flew the first 737 flight on April 9, 1967, signs autographs at the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Former United Airlines flight attendants pour sparkling juice for a toast to the Boeing 737's 50th anniversary of first flight during a party at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 is seen at Seattle's Museum of Flight on April 9, 2017. That marked the 50th anniversary since the jet first took flight, back in 1967.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Gifts and cupcakes line a table in front of the first Boeing 737, which celebrates 50 years since first flight on April 9, 2017. The party took place at Seattle's Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Brien Wygle climbs aboard the first Boeing 737 on the 50th anniversary of its first flight. during a party at Seattle's Museum of Flight. Wygle flew the first flight back in 1967.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's original 737 maintained an illustrious carrier as a test aircraft for NASA, and at one point added an entirely separate cockpit into the main cabin for systems testing. That cockpit in a cabin is seen here aboard the aircraft, now residing at Seattle's Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flight deck of the very first Boeing 737, seen at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017 - 50 years to the day since it made its first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flight deck of the very first Boeing 737, seen at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017 - 50 years to the day since it made its first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Guests take a look inside the flight deck of the very first Boeing 737 during a rare tour opportunity at Seattle's Museum of Flight on April 9, 2017. The aircraft celebrated its 50th anniversary.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A placard marks thanks the restoration crew of the first Boeing 737, seen at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017 - 50 years to the day since it made its first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737, now residing at Seattle's Museum of Flight, is seen on its 50th birthday; April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737, now residing at Seattle's Museum of Flight, is seen on its 50th birthday; April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 737 hat from back at the airplane's launch in 1967, seen during a party to celebrate the jet's 50th anniversary at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft, destined for Southwest Airlines, is seen at the parking lot of the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flight deck of the very first Boeing 737, seen at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on April 9, 2017 - 50 years to the day since it made its first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft, destined for Southwest Airlines, is seen at the parking lot of the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft, destined for Southwest Airlines, is seen at the parking lot of the Museum of Flight in Seattle during a 50th anniversary celebration of the 737 on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A volunteer at Seattle's Museum of Flight wears a Boeing 737 shirt during a celebration for the jet's 50th first flight anniversary, on April 9, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-500 takes off from Providence T. F. Green Airport in August 2008.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Northern Air Cargo Boeing 737-200 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines Boeing 737s, seen during 'rush hour' at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual Boeing 737 Wedgetail military radar jet for the Royal Australian Air Force taxis for departure at Boeing Field in Seattle in 2008.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers board an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 737-800 at Bole International Airport in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, in 2011.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Blue skies welcome a United Airlines 737 in 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX 9 aircraft rests in front of a company hangar during a press photo preview in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 takes to the skies on Jan. 29, 2016 in Renton, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing technicians works on the company's second 737 MAX aircraft at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WestJet Boeing 737-700 rockets out of Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Ryanair Boeing 737-800 departs Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France in November 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Boston Logan International Airport in November, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen American Airlines Boeing 737s taxi to their gates after arrival to Dallas / Ft. Worth International Airport in November, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-700 departs Las Vegas in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Scandinavian Airlines Boeing 737-600 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport in September, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KLM Boeing 737-800 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 taxis into a gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 737-300 lands at Frankfurt International Airport in June 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Malaysia Airlines Boeing 737s line the gates of Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia in June 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-800 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-300 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen People watch as an American Airlines Boeing 737 passes overhead on approach to Reagan National Airport near Washington, D.C., in May 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 737-800 destined for Oman Air lands at Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737, left, rests outside at Seattle's Museum of Flight in 2016. The first Boeing 747 looms behind it.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 737s awaiting conversion to Southwest Airlines' livery rest on a taxiway at an airfield north of Seattle in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Jeju Air Boeing 737-800 lands at Fukuoka International Airport in Japan in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Boeing 737-800 takes off from Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport in Dhaka, Bangladesh, in February 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 737-800 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-400 Combi lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Boeing 737-800 departs Taoyuan International Airport, near Taipei, Taiwan, in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A peachy-orange glow hovers above the aisle of this Delta Air Lines Boeing 737-900, seen in Atlanta in May 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An OK Air Boeing 737-900 lands at Seattle's Boeing Field in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 60 2 of 60 3 of 60 4 of 60 5 of 60 6 of 60 7 of 60 8 of 60 9 of 60 10 of 60 11 of 60 12 of 60 13 of 60 14 of 60 15 of 60 16 of 60 17 of 60 18 of 60 19 of 60 20 of 60 21 of 60 22 of 60 23 of 60 24 of 60 25 of 60 26 of 60 27 of 60 28 of 60 29 of 60 30 of 60 31 of 60 32 of 60 33 of 60 34 of 60 35 of 60 36 of 60 37 of 60 38 of 60 39 of 60 40 of 60 41 of 60 42 of 60 43 of 60 44 of 60 45 of 60 46 of 60 47 of 60 48 of 60 49 of 60 50 of 60 51 of 60 52 of 60 53 of 60 54 of 60 55 of 60 56 of 60 57 of 60 58 of 60 59 of 60 60 of 60 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide As for Malindo Air, it is the Malaysian subsidiary of Indonesia-based Lion Air. That carrier made headlines back in 2011 when it announced plans to buy more than 200 MAX jets with the options for more. At the time, the Lion Air order for 737 MAX jets was valued at more than $20 billion and was billed as Boeing's largest single order ever at the time it was placed. Boeing used the Tuesday delivery to Malindo Air to tout its new product line, which currently includes MAX 8 and MAX 9 versions. “This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market,” Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Kevin McAllister said in a statement. “The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers.” Contributing: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky TODAY IN THE SKY (January 2016): Boeing's new 737 MAX completes its maiden flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing's new 737 MAX makes its maiden flight  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden flight at Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's maiden Boeing 737 MAX 8 flight takes off from Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Matthew Thompson) Fullscreen Boeing's maiden Boeing 737 MAX 8 flight takes off from Renton, Wash., on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Gordon) Fullscreen Boeing test pilot Craig Bonben gives a thumbs up after completing the maiden flight in Boeing's first 737 MAX jet on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX jet, an upgraded version of the company's popular 737 product line, makes its maiden landing following a successful flight in Seattle on Friday, Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 on its maiden flight at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Weatherman) Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 on its maiden flight at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Weatherman) Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX aircraft returns to Seattle following its maiden flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX jetliner taxies to a hangar at Boeing Field in Seattle following a successful first flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing crews prepare to tow the first 737 MAX aircraft to a hangar following a successful first flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Ray Conner, left, speaks with Keith Leverkuhn, General Manager of the 737 MAX program, following the first flight of the 737 MAX in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing Chief Test Pilot Craig Bomben takes a walk around the first 737 MAX with his family following the completion of the maiden flight of the jet in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX aircraft lands in Seattle after its maiden flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX aircraft lands in Seattle after its maiden flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing employees turn to watch the first 737 MAX land at Boeing Field in Seattle after its maiden voyage on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing company T-33 chase plane touches down on the runway at Boeing Field in Seattle after the first 737 MAX flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX jet rests on the tarmac in Seattle not long after its first flight on Jan. 29, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The pilots from Boeing's 737 MAX 8 waive after its maiden flight arrived at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Paul Gordon) Fullscreen Boeing's test pilots from the 737 MAX 8 waive after the jet's maiden flight arrived at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Marian Lockhart) Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 lands after its maiden flight at Boeing Field in Seattle on Jan. 29, 2016.  Courtesy of Boeing (Jim Anderson) Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 23 2 of 23 3 of 23 4 of 23 5 of 23 6 of 23 7 of 23 8 of 23 9 of 23 10 of 23 11 of 23 12 of 23 13 of 23 14 of 23 15 of 23 16 of 23 17 of 23 18 of 23 19 of 23 20 of 23 21 of 23 22 of 23 23 of 23 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A photo tour of Boeing's 737 MAX assembly line  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A sign welcomes visitors to the Boeing 737 factory in Renton, Wash. on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing employee prepares the main landing gear on the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane for a test at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing technicians works on the company's second 737 MAX aircraft at the company's Renton, Wash. factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Banks of test equipment line the interior of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane at the company's Renton, Wash. factory during a media preview on December 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flightdeck of the second Boeing 737 MAX airplane is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The second Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is prepared for first-flight on Boeing's Renton, Wash. factory line on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qs0xjj Most Popular Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Airbus flier Vistara said to seek Boeing pilots for hiring Vistara, Singapore Airlines' Indian venture is looking to hire pilots with Boeing aircraft experience as the carrier expands its fleet.PHOTO: SINGAPORE AIRLINES PublishedMay 17, 2017, 9:34 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46jv Copy NEW DELHI (BLOOMBERG) - Vistara, Singapore Airlines' Indian venture that operates an all-Airbus fleet, is seeking to recruit pilots trained on Boeing aircraft, people familiar with the matter said. The airline is hiring first officers with at least 750 hours of experience flying Boeing aircraft, according to a letter the New Delhi-based airline sent to pilots, the people said, asking not to be identified as the information is not public. Vistara now operates a fleet of 13 Airbus SE A320 jets. A spokesman for Vistara couldn't immediately comment. Vistara, in which Indian conglomerate Tata Sons owns 51 per cent with Singapore's flag carrier holding the rest, is considering buying or leasing wide-bodied aircraft for long-haul routes and will seek funds from its owners to finance the purchase, the company said last year. The company may opt for the Boeing 777X jets, Sydney-based CAPA Centre for Aviation said in May. The airline has yet to decide on the type of aircraft it wants to order for its international routes, one of the people said. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Airbus dominates India's single-aisle plane market with most budget carriers using its A320 family of aircraft. Boeing dominates the long-haul planes. Tata and Singapore Airlines started the venture in January, 2015 after an earlier attempt by the two partners in the mid-1990s failed. Indian Prime Minister Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet ratified policy changes last year, permitting domestic airlines to fly overseas, provided they deploy 20 planes or 20 per cent of capacity, whichever is higher, on local routes. Earlier, carriers needed to have at least 20 aircraft in their fleet and five years of domestic operations. The carrier offers 19 domestic destinations with more than 550 weekly flights. It will add seven more jets by the middle of next year, making it eligible to start overseas flights. Topics:  SINGAPORE AIRLINES AIRLINES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46jv Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Investing Trading Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor My Favorite "Medical Marijuana" Biotech Just Made This Gutsy Call I learned a lot of things during the three decades I’ve spent watching, chronicling and digging deep into the machinations of the world’s public companies. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades D.R. Barton's10-Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Our Top Stocks to Watch Today Are SHLD, DKS, and BA Message: URL: https://mney.co/2rckX0t 2  −  one  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Our Top Stocks to Watch Today Are SHLD, DKS, and BA Message: URL: https://mney.co/2rckX0t  −  six  =  one Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter Follow topicFollow Stocks to Watchno responses Stocks Our Top Stocks to Watch Today Are SHLD, DKS, and BA By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • May 16, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website  −  3  =  5 Video Boeing: The Ultimate Comeback Stock Two of the top stocks to watch today (Tuesday, May 16) are both tanking and have now fallen at least 13% in the last month. The third stock we're watching is higher this morning after bullish ownership news. Both stocks that are tanking this morning are retail stocks. We've been warning readers about the death of retail stocks for months. Today's performance is proving us right. Vendor concerns about payment are sinking the first stock. The second stock is tanking due to disappointing earnings. Let's take a closer look at Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD), Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA), and Dicks Sporting Goods Inc. (NYSE: DKS). Top Stocks to Watch Today: Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD) Sears is continuing its downward spiral that started May 10. Since then, the stock is down 24%, while the Dow has remained mostly flat. Sears stock is down another 2.5% in morning trading today. The traditional retailer has been struggling for years, but in its annual report, the company expressed concerns about its ability to stay in business. In the report, the company also cited vendor financing as a possible concern; however, the firm did not provide specifics (you can see the full story here). It is one of the reasons investors are concerned about the company's ability to stay in business. Yesterday, CEO Eddie Lampert publicly went after Sears' vendors in a blog post. One World is a vendor he singled out, accusing the company of trying to take advantage of the bad press surrounding Sears' financials. In the blog post, Lampert does admit that the stories have some merit to them but are obviously written to incite fear. However, the fact that there is some merit to the stories has been enough to spook investors. If you followed Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald, you would have been perfectly positioned to cash in on the investor panic over the last week. Fitz-Gerald has urged readers to short Sears since January 2012. Since that time, the stock has lost over 70% of its value, while the Dow has gained 70%. Must See: This kind of data could put 143 companies out of business, jeopardize 14.8 million American jobs, and eradicate $297 billion from the markets. But if you have access to it, you could learn how to become $1.6 million richer. Get your copy now – before it's too late… Why SHLD is a must-watch today: Sears has been in decline for at least five years, falling 85% in that time. It is unlikely the company will be able to turn things around any time soon. In fact, we at Money Morning expect Sears to declare bankruptcy sometime in the next year. Top Stocks to Watch Today: Dicks Sporting Goods Inc. (NYSE: DKS) Dicks Sporting Goods stock is down 13% in early morning trading after same-store sales missed expectations. The sporting goods retailer saw same-store sales grow 2.4%, below the expected 3%. However, adjusted EPS met analysts' expectations at $0.54. The company expects full-year adjusted EPS to be between $3.65 and $3.75. Analysts expect adjusted EPS to be $3.72. Over the past five years, Dicks has been struggling like most traditional retailers. The stock is down 13.77% over the past five years, while the Dow is up 63% over the same time period. While some investors point to DKS' 4% gain in the past year as a turnaround for the company, the stock has performed terribly so far in 2017. Year to date, the stock is down 21%. Why DKS is a must-watch today: DKS stock is not in turnaround mode, and today's stock price drop is further evidence of that. Ultimately, it is still a struggling retailor that we don't recommend. Slow sales growth is evidence of that struggle. Top Stocks to Watch Today: Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) Boeing stock is rising this morning after it was announced that Meridian Wealth Management bought a $5 million stake, equaling 0.844% ownership of the company, back on March 31. This brings total institutional ownership of the stock up to 77%. Boeing stock is up 2.5% since Meridian purchased its stake. Meanwhile, the Dow is up only 1.2%. The company's resilience and ability to outperform the market is why Money Morning Executive Editor Bill Patalon loves Boeing stock. Since he recommended readers buy Boeing in September 2011, the stock has gained 190%, while the Dow has only gained 86%. Between 2008 and 2009, Boeing stock lost nearly 40%, while the Dow only lost 22%. However, since the end of 2009 until today, Boeing has gained 241%, while the Dow has only gained 100%. Boeing has far outpaced the markets as a whole during the recovery from the Great Recession. Why BA is a must-watch today: Boeing has been on an upward climb for over a year, gaining 38% in that time. Today's ownership announcement just confirms what we already knew. The company remains a great buy. Penny Stock Profits: This investing strategy has generated total peak gains of 17,781% over the last five years, targeting little-known penny stocks backed by America's richest investors. Read more… Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: stocks to watch Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website two  +  eight  =  Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT My Favorite "Medical Marijuana" Biotech Just Made This Gutsy Call Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Stocks to Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News May 17, 2017 • By Stephen Mack Leave a Comment Don't Let "Good" Earnings Fool You: The Retail Ice Age Is Alive and Well May 17, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Tanks as Investors Fear Growing Turmoil in Trump Administration May 17, 2017 • By Ashley Moore Leave a Comment Kent Moors: "OBL Superfuel" Will Lead a $7.2 Trillion Economic Revolution Trending Posts 6001 Reads 41 Likes Best Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (May 15, 2017) Marijuana stocks are still viewed as speculative investments. But because of full legalization efforts in Canada, that is about to change... 3555 Reads 14 Likes The 3 Most Egregious Penny Stock Scams Exposed Penny stock scandals are still a common occurrence across U.S. markets. Today, we're going to expose three of the most infamous scandals in recent years... Featured Report Why Facebook Stock Is Headed to $250 a Share Facebook stock has rewarded its investors handsomely over the past couple of years, and the next chapter of this success story is about to be written. The company that rose to prominence by dominating social media has another industry squarely in its sights – an industry now in its infancy. This huge opportunity for Facebook is also a great chance for investors to nearly double their money... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -372.82 (-1.78%) 20,606.93 NASDAQ -158.63 (-2.57%) 6,011.24 S&P -43.64 (-1.82%) 2,357.03 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Small-Cap Rocket Alert Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Stocks to Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Today 12° to 15° Tonight 2° to 6° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop   TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis Avolon delivers world's first Boeing 737 MAX to Malindo Air Updated / Wednesday, 17 May 2017 12:52 Aircraft leasing company Avolon has delivered the world's first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft to Malindo Air.  The delivery took place during a special ceremony at Boeing's 737 delivery centre in Seattle where Avolon, Boeing and CFM International, the aircraft's engine manufacturer, were present. Avolon was one of the first lessors to order the Boeing 737 MAX when it launched in 2011.   Avolon Holdings, part of China's acquisitive HNA Group, said this was the fifth aircraft on lease to Malindo Air. It is part of a portfolio of 19 aircraft currently on lease to Lion Air Group. Malindo is the fastest growing international carrier in Malaysia's Lion Group and has its main hubs at Kuala Lumpur International Airport and the Subang Skypark in Selangor. As of this month, it had a fleet of 45 aircraft and flies to 46 destinations across 16 countries.  John Higgins, Avolon's president and CCO, said this marked the first delivery of Avolon's commitments of over 60 737 MAX aircraft.  "Our commitment to our customers is to have a product offering built around the latest and most technically advanced aircraft available in the market," he added.     More on News Business avolon boeing Malindo Air Most Read 1Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new CEO18:12 2Enda Kenny's track record - not perfect but remarkable06:29 3Standard Life likely to choose Dublin for EU hub12:54 4Barnier warns businesses to move fast to prepare20:11 5Paddy Power Betfair eyes US amid European consolidation14:41 More for you. Most Read 1Bank of Ireland appoints Francesca McDonagh as new CEO18:12 2Enda Kenny's track record - not perfect but remarkable06:29 3Standard Life likely to choose Dublin for EU hub12:54 4Barnier warns businesses to move fast to prepare20:11 5Paddy Power Betfair eyes US amid European consolidation14:41 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 11 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes Four ATR 72-600 turbo props being delivered after sanctions lifted following 2015 nuclear deal. Post to Facebook Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes Four ATR 72-600 turbo props being delivered after sanctions lifted following 2015 nuclear deal.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qrCfpu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes The Associated Press Published 7:23 a.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 19 hours ago FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Aircraft-maker shows off ATR 72-600 turboprop at Washington Dulles  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Inside the cockpit of the ATR 72-600 at Dulles airport before a demo flight. --  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop maker ATR is showing off its newest plane, the 72-600, on a demo flight at Dulles Airport.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen May 6, 2016: Patrick de Castelbajac, CEO of turboprop-maker ATR, aboard an ATR 72-600 for a demo flight at Washington Dulles International Airport.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR is shows off its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen May 6, 2016: Flight attendant Justine Clouzard speaks to another member of the flight crew aboard a demo flight of ATR's 72-600 turbo-prop.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen May 6, 2016: Flight attendant Justine Clouzard aboard the ATR 72-600 for a demo flight out of Dulles International Airport.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen May 6, 2016: Patrick de Castelbajac, CEO of turboprop-maker ATR, talks to media about the company's ATR 72-600.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 28 2 of 28 3 of 28 4 of 28 5 of 28 6 of 28 7 of 28 8 of 28 9 of 28 10 of 28 11 of 28 12 of 28 13 of 28 14 of 28 15 of 28 16 of 28 17 of 28 18 of 28 19 of 28 20 of 28 21 of 28 22 of 28 23 of 28 24 of 28 25 of 28 26 of 28 27 of 28 28 of 28 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Turboprop-maker ATR shows its ATR 72-600 on a demo flight at Washington Dulles Airport on May 6, 2016. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) 11 CONNECTTWEET 5 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian state media says four ATR 72-600s are being delivered, the first installment of a deal with the French manufacturer to purchase 20 passenger planes following the lifting of sanctions under the 2015 nuclear deal. The IRNA news agency said the first plane landed in Tehran early Wednesday, with the other three expected later in the day. The planes were officially given to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices, though customers usually negotiate discounts. Since the nuclear deal, Iran has signed billion-dollar deals with Boeing and Airbus to replace and upgrade its aging commercial fleet. VIDEO: New Turboprop from ATR flies on demo flight at Washington Dulles CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share European airplane manufacturer ATR is showing off their new 72-600 turboprop and touting it as a solution for regional routes in the U.S. USA TODAY travel reporter Ben Mutzabaugh went along for the ride. Video by Jasper Colt, USA TODAY   IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Russian-built Ilyushin IL-76 cargo jet rests in the rain as it awaits a load of heavy drilling equipment at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Thrust reversers on a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 kick up rain on a wet runway at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An XTRAirways Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Downtown Salt Lake City and mountains provide a stunning backdrop as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 comes to a stop at Salt Lake City International Airport on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 taxis to a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets move about Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga special cargo jet, based on a highly modified A300, takes off from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies out for departure to Europe from Chicago O'Hare International Airport as the Willis Tower, home to the carrier's headquarters, looms in the background in this photo from Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Paris' Charles de Gaulle's iconic Terminal 2 is seen on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets taxi around Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WestAir Airbus A320 takes off on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines tails line up at Terminal 3 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers deboard an American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 at Providence T.F. Green International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual VIP Douglas DC-9 rockets out of Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Embraer E190 takes off from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off over a company Airbus A321 from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200, operating a charter flight, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 Pegasus tanker jet, destined for the U.S. Air Force, lands at Seattle's Boeing Field on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The northern lights put on a dazzling display over Greenland, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight from Seattle to Paris on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Boeing 777-300 rests at the gate at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in France on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new RwandAir Airbus A330 departs on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Airbus A350-1000 soars into gray skies after making its maiden flight, leaving Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350-900 destined for Cathay Pacifc is towed across an Airbus company ramp at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A330 MRTT aerial refueling tanker takes off after a touch and go from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350-1000 widebody jet returns to Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016 after its maiden flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Airbus A321neo narrowbody jet makes an appearance at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 11 CONNECTTWEET 5 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qrCfpu
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Why the Future Air Force One Will Be a Boeing 747-8 Jay Bennett Popular Mechanics May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Photo credit: BoeingMore From Popular Mechanics The two jumbo jets designated specifically for presidential transport have now been in service for more than a quarter century. Although these two modified Boeing 747-200Bs, known as VC-25s, are a couple of the most technologically advanced aircraft in the world, with encrypted communications and electromagnetic pulse defenses, they are aging. It's time to start working on the replacement jets for Air Force One. "It's going to cost me money in the long run," General Carlton D. Everhart, commander of Air Mobility Command, said of continuing to fly the VC-25s. "It's not as efficient as a newer aircraft would be." Everhart recently talked with Popular Mechanics about the future of Air Force One, why the next AF1 will be a 747, and how you go about turning an ordinary airframe into a plane fit for the president. Alternate AF1? Air Force One is not a specific plane, but the call sign for any USAF aircraft with a sitting U.S. president on board. The VC-25s that do the job today entered service during George H.W. Bush's administration. In January 2015, the Air Force announced that new Boeing 747-8s would replace the VC-25s, and the long and complicated work to select and modify two of Boeing's largest 747 models began. After all, it's not easy to outfit one of the largest planes in the world for the President of the United States. The job is so extensive that the current administration is unlikely to ever get a chance to fly in the new airplanes. The Air Force understands this, and they have been gearing up for the project, working with Boeing far in advance to select the specific airframes to buy and test. Then, in December 2016, the newly-elected Donald Trump tweeted this: Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! - Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 Trump's criticism of the plan to acquire new presidential aircraft threw the 747-8's future as Air Force One into doubt. Aircraft manufacturers and aerospace analysts were quick to put forth ideas for different AF1 options, including one particularly bold report that suggested the future B-21 bomber as a presidential transport. More realistic studies suggested using the Boeing 737, a reliable aircraft that is already used by the U.S. Navy and USAF. Converting a 737 for presidential use would be cheaper and easier than doing so with the hulking 747-8, considering military aircraft based on the 737-like the P-8 Poseidon and C-40 Clipper-already have many of the communication and defense systems that Air Force One will need. But using a 737 over the new 747-8 would require the Air Force to abandon two of its primary requirements for AF1: that it has four engines and room for at least 70 passengers. The Four-Engine Future View photos Photo credit: U.S. Air ForceMore The Air Force is researching ways to make development of Air Force One cheaper, but General Everhart says that moving away from the 747-8 is almost certainly not going to happen. Everhart, who is responsible for shuttling the president, told Popular Mechanics the 747-8 is essentially set in stone "just by default." For one thing, Boeing is the only American plane manufacturer building large four-engine airliners. "As I look at the requirements, there are three things that we have to support the president with," Everhart says. "We have to support him as our Commander-in-Chief, also as our Chief Diplomat, and also our Chief Executive. ... I have to have a flying, alternate White House to keep the continuity of government and continuity of operations." Conducting the business of the Executive Branch while in flight requires a lot more than just safely transporting the POTUS. It means making a large number of staff members available, keeping lines open to government officials in the U.S. and elsewhere, and providing all the resources the President of the United States needs to run the country. The need to power such a plane drove the Air Force's requirement of a four-engine jet, but that's not all. There's also the question of redundancy and safety. "It just makes sense because if I lose a motor on takeoff or... say, a shot was taken, a surface-to-air missile, and took out a motor," says Everhart. "Some of the places the president goes to, the next base may be 500, 600 miles away." "Does that mean that a two-engine airplane in the future may be able to fit that bill? Sure. Right now the way the requirements are set about, it's going to require a four-engine aircraft," says Everhart. So long as those requirements stay, the 747-8 is really the only logical choice. Years to Come The Air Force acquisition office and Boeing are still in a negotiation phase to select the specific airframes to buy. After the Air Force acquires the new jets, initial testing will need to be completed before modifications are made, says Everhart. Those modifications are extensive. Ultimately, Air Force One will need encrypted communications systems, aerial refueling capabilities, and defenses against both conventional and electromagnetic pulse weapons. The two-tiered, four-engine wide-body airliner will need structural modifications as well, dividing the cabins into offices and conference rooms and sleeping quarters. Even the stairs, traditionally on the left side of Air Force One, will likely need to be swapped over from the right side where Boeing currently installs them. "Where do we put the press, Secret Service, the galley, medical, his quarters?" asks Everhart. "Those are the modifications that will be done to support the president." It's going to be many years before we see a new pair of Air Force One jets take to the skies. The president who will fly aboard them may be an obscure or little-known politician at this point (or perhaps not yet a politician at all). But one thing is clear: The future Air Force One will almost certainly be a 747-8. You Might Also Like The 12 Best Microwave Ovens You Can Buy Right Now How to Build a Fire Pit in Your Backyard The Ultimate Gadget Guide For Your Next Vacation Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? 4432 reactions4%62%34% Nat Geo marks Endangered Species Day displaying stunning Photo Ark images 38 reactions1%78%21% Jimmy Fallon Regrets His Donald Trump Interview: ‘I Didn’t Think That Would Be a Compliment’ 2893 reactions6%58%36% Jennifer Lawrence Laughs Off Stripper Pole Video: ‘I’m Not Going to Apologize, I Had a Blast’ 679 reactions8%75%17% Trump, LGBT, Lavrov and more — it happened today: May 17 in pictures 47 reactions3%61%36% Trump's White House wracked with contention Tibetan Buddhist Center Finds Home in Philadelphia 12 reactions6%61%33% The Comey memo was also about Trump’s request to arrest reporters. Journalists call it ‘crazy and scary.’ 6846 reactions4%67%29% This math question meant for 7-year-olds has everyone stumped 92 reactions3%81%16% A Teen Snapped This Pic Of Her Dad To Send To His Crush, And It Worked 159 reactions12%73%15% Democracy’s darkest moment: the Watergate scandal 71 reactions3%70%27% DOJ appoints special counsel to oversee WH Russia probe Lawrence PSA to Trump WH Staff: 'Lawyer up' 66 reactions3%67%30% 'Wolf of Wall Street' Living the High Life Again Despite Owing $100 Million to Scam Victims 174 reactions4%70%26% LaVar Ball tells FS1 host to 'stay in [her] lane' during testy interview 3139 reactions5%61%34% Could Breast Milk Be the Next Cancer Treatment? 849 reactions6%74%20% What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | MYT 5:37 PM Saudi Airlines eyes 20% passenger growth for KL-Jeddah route The new Dreamliner will service the Jeddah-KL route twice daily. Jeddah is the principal gateway for pilgrims to Mecca. SEPANG: Saudi Airlines is aiming for a 20% growth in passengers for its Kuala Lumpur (KL)-Jeddah route this year from 200,000 passengers recorded last year. Its manager (Malaysia-Singapore-Thailand-Vietnam) Fawaz Alharbi said the target would be contributed by the introduction of its Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, a new aircraft with the most modern technical and technological equipment replacing its current Boeing 777-300 aircraft. “We have an average of 80% passengers load currently and the new aircraft would service the Jeddah-KL route twice daily,” he said at the special welcoming ceremony for the new aircraft in Sepang on Wednesday. The Boeing 798-9 Dreamliner is a 298-seat passenger aircraft with 24 seats in Business Class and 274 seats in Economy Class. Fawaz said Saudi Airlines saw high demand from travellers due to its good services and would only utilise new aircraft which were not older than three years. He said the airline planned to increase its frequency from 14 flights per week to 18 flights per week after month of Ramadhan this year. “Saudi Airlines started its operation in Malaysia since 1987 and this country becomes our important route especially for Muslim pilgrims,” he said. He said Saudi Airlines currently has 136 aircraft in its fleet and the company planned to increase the figure to 200 aircraft by 2020. - Bernama   Tags / Keywords: Airlines , Saudi Airlines Related Stories You May Be Interested CIMB Research upgrades Mah Sing to Add Facebook faces EU fine over misleading WhatsApp data: source The evolution of mobile phones Coway promotes a healthy lifestyle When the CEO is your mentor 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Check out Sungai Buloh's Valley of Hope South Korea prepares for summit with United States - ministry Kremlin says Ukraine's accusation of cyberattack ‘groundless’ Property Related advertisement Latest News Japan's economy expands at fastest pace in a year in Jan-March Second US buyout firm bids for Australia's Fairfax Media Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers Philippine Q1 GDP growth weakest in a year, but rate rise on cards Embattled Noble Group faces key financing test after market slump Most Viewed in Business MRCB's RM2.2bil cash call, EPF to help KLCI down at noon, ringgit weak, MRCB falls Kenanga-Rakuten online trading platform eyes 30% retail market share Ringgit near six-month high, advance capped by April inflation data Ringgit best performing currency in Asia ex-Japan in Q2 Mah Sing plans affordable housing in Titiwangsa, GDV RM650m MRCB slumps to near 2 week low on RM2.17b cash call ATM, online banking safe from ransomware attacks - ABM Kenanga-Rakuten JV set to transform online trading KLCI takes a hit after Wall St tumble advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airbus Flier Vistara Is Said to Seek Boeing Pilots for Hiring by Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky May 17, 2017, 3:11 AM EDT Singapore Air’s India unit eligible to fly overseas next year Vistara looking at wide-bodied jets for long-haul routes Vistara,  Singapore Airlines Ltd.’s Indian venture that operates an all-Airbus fleet, is seeking to recruit pilots trained on Boeing Co. aircraft, people familiar with the matter said. The airline is hiring first officers with at least 750 hours of experience flying Boeing aircraft, according to a letter the New Delhi-based airline sent to pilots, the people said, asking not to be identified as the information is not public. Vistara now operates a fleet of 13 Airbus SE A320 jets. A spokeswoman for Vistara couldn’t immediately comment. Vistara, in which Indian conglomerate Tata Sons Ltd. owns 51 percent with Singapore’s flag carrier holding the rest, is considering buying or leasing wide-bodied aircraft for long-haul routes and will seek funds from its owners to finance the purchase, the company said last year. The company may opt for the Boeing 777X jets, Sydney-based CAPA Centre for Aviation said in May. The airline has yet to decide on the type of aircraft it wants to order for its international routes, one of the people said. Airbus dominates India’s single-aisle plane market with most budget carriers using its A320 family of aircraft. Boeing dominates the long-haul planes. Tata and Singapore Airlines started the venture in January, 2015 after an earlier attempt by the two partners in the mid-1990s failed. Indian Prime Minister Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s cabinet ratified policy changes last year, permitting domestic airlines to fly overseas, provided they deploy 20 planes or 20 percent of capacity, whichever is higher, on local routes. Earlier, carriers needed to have at least 20 aircraft in their fleet and five years of domestic operations. The carrier offers 19 domestic destinations with more than 550 weekly flights. It will add seven more jets by the middle of next year, making it eligible to start overseas flights. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 17, 2017 4:00 AM Boeing's key suppliers in Japan want an upgrade By DOMINIC GATES The Seattle Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NAGOYA, Japan Three Japanese manufacturing giants here build large, critical parts for every widebody jet delivered by Boeing. As Boeing contemplates its next new airplane, these Japanese "Heavies" hope to win an even greater role. Kawasaki Heavy Industries today makes huge 787 carbon-fiber composite fuselage barrels and large metal panels for most of the 777 fuselage. Akihiro Shiraishi, director of production for Kawasaki's aerospace division, wants to go beyond being a top-tier Boeing supplier. "We would like to become Super Tier 1," said Shiraishi. Whatever Boeing does next, "In some way or other, we'd like it to bring us one step closer to being a builder of complete aircraft." How Boeing divides up both the manufacturing work and the technological expertise on any future airplane program is crucial not only to Japan – it has profound implications for the U.S. and this region, which has learned that new Boeing planes bring opportunities but also risks. Faced with the anti-globalization impulses of President Donald Trump, the Japanese manufacturers say they'll even contemplate placing some work in the U.S. Yet despite Boeing's long-standing collaboration with Japan Inc., the Heavies are struggling to glean any details about how they might fit into its plans for what's being called the 797. That doesn't dent Shiraishi's faith in how much further his company and Japan can reach in the aerospace business. Though Kawasaki is perhaps best known for its motorcycles, it's an industrial goliath that makes ships, trains, jet engines and precision machinery. Its aerospace division brought in $2.9 billion in sales last year, a fifth of its business and slightly more than the motorcycles. In military aviation, Kawasaki developed and built Japan's P-1 maritime patrol aircraft as well as its C-2 military-transport jet. "We already have the technology to design and manufacture a whole aircraft, based on our experience with the Defense Ministry of Japan," Shiraishi said. A visit to Japan in late March highlighted the highflying ambition of the country's advanced aerospace-manufacturing sector. Those ambitions are undiminished by the big financial hit the Japanese suppliers took from Boeing's much-delayed 787 Dreamliner jet, or the recent delays in Japan's own Mitsubishi Regional Jet program. The major 787 partners are still waiting to turn a profit on the advanced Boeing jet and are still haggling with Boeing on the pricing of their parts for the larger Dreamliner models, the 787-9 and -10. Right now, Japanese industrial leaders have new concerns about the next step toward their vision of an expanded aerospace future. One is Boeing's caginess as it contemplates its next all-new airplane after the 777X, an airplane larger than a 737 and smaller than a 787, increasingly referred to as the 797. A senior executive familiar with the thinking of Boeing's Japanese partners said they worry industrial rivals in other countries will match their capabilities unless they move beyond making parts, however large and complex. "On the 777 or 777X, we have not participated in any conceptual design," said the executive, who asked not to be identified because he also works closely with the U.S. jet maker. "On the 797, we hope we can be involved at a much earlier phase." The Japanese suppliers have pressed Boeing without success for information and early involvement with an eye to enlarging their role, he said. "The concern of Japanese industry is that Boeing is not explaining to us the future plan," he said. "We cannot get good answers." The Japanese port city of Nagoya, some 160 miles southwest of Tokyo, is a showcase of Japan's sophisticated manufacturing prowess and the lean efficiency of its industrial operations. Inside Kawasaki's Dai-Ichi (or No. 1) aircraft manufacturing complex there, a Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner carbon-fiber composite fuselage barrel – 20 feet in diameter and 43 feet long – is an arresting sight. These huge cylindrical parts, spun out of carbon tape elsewhere in the factory, are baked to hardness inside a giant autoclave, a pressure oven 98 feet long and 29 feet in diameter, which Kawasaki designed and built itself. From there, they go to an inspection station. Robotic sensors, one inside and one outside, move over every inch of a 787 barrel. A jet of water sprays precisely onto a small area of the carbon-fiber skin as the sensors use ultrasonic waves to detect flaws in the material. The skin can be locally repaired if needed. As the inspection proceeds, three workers seated at computers check the data. If there are no flaws, it's time to assemble the structure. At a series of 10 assembly stations, workers install encircling frames to strengthen the fuselage skin then add in the passenger cabin and cargo floors, as well as all the brackets, ducts, tubes and insulation needed. The fuselage section will arrive at Boeing's 787 final assembly plants in Everett or North Charleston, South Carolina, fully stuffed and ready for joining. At the initial stations, mechanics working inside the barrel complete one section of the circumference, then step out so the holding fixture can rotate the barrel 20 degrees. The rotation allows the mechanics to easily work on the next section without awkwardly reaching up or down. The second station is the only fully automated cell, featuring a computer-controlled riveter made by Mukilteo-based engineering firm Electroimpact. On the smallest 787, the machine's synchronized inner and outer parts install a total of 6,000 rivets, one every 25 seconds. The work at the other nine manual assembly stations is accomplished with small teams of mechanics. The entire Dai-Ichi plant, which also makes 777 fuselage panels, requires just 700 workers. The total direct Kawasaki aerospace workforce is just under 4,000 people. (Boeing's Everett plant, where the 787 and 777 jets are assembled, alone employs about 35,000 people.) In March, about 30 Dreamliner fuselage barrels were in process in the production facility. Six were tightly wrapped in black plastic, ready to ship out. From a dock right outside the plant, a barge ferries the barrels to nearby Chubu Centrair airport so a Boeing Dreamlifter cargo jet can transport them to the U.S. Preparing for the introduction of Boeing's 777X, Kawasaki is investing several hundred million dollars, as are the other Japanese Heavies. Construction crews were busy in March installing new manufacturing equipment – including new Kawasaki-designed robots capable of holding small brackets delicately in place while a synchronized riveter fastens them to the structure. Kawasaki's piece of the 777 airframe, the large curved aluminum panels for the forward and center fuselage sections, doesn't change for the 777X. But Boeing is assembling the 777X fuselage with robots in Everett, so the incoming panels need to be made to higher tolerances. Kawasaki's costly upgrade will drastically revamp production to make the parts more precise and the process more automated. Leading a tour of his new facility, director of production Shiraishi said everything will be ready to start production by September. On the second floor, the first 777X skin panels had arrived from Kawasaki's Gifu fabrication plant and were suspended from racks. Below on the first floor, the machines for assembling them were taking shape. An Electroimpact riveter will splice the Gifu skin panels together into four highly curved "super-panels." In a final assembly jig, another robot will fasten the frames to the skin panels. Yet another robot will drill extra-large holes in the side of body, where the 777X composite wings will be attached. Just one or two shipsets of 777X fuselage panels will be produced this year, with a workforce of only about 20 people, Shiraishi said. He's still working out how many people he'll need when the 777X reaches seven airplanes per month sometime in the 2020s. Kawasaki is eager to distinguish itself from Boeing's other direct suppliers, Shiraishi said. One way to do so, assuming Boeing's next all-new plane requires mass production of dozens of jets per month, would be use the excess manufacturing space Kawasaki has in the U.S., he said. Kawasaki has already started such a pilot project on the 777X. This year, it begins assembling 777X cargo doors at its manufacturing facility in Lincoln, Nebraska, a plant established in 1981 that otherwise makes all-terrain vehicles, Jet Skis and train cars. "Kawasaki has become a familiar name for the Nebraska community," Shiraishi said. "About 2,000 employees work there and they are very well versed to the Kawasaki way of production." "So before Mr. Trump makes any requests, we already have made our contribution," he joked. "We wanted to find out what would be the benefit for us if we built in the United States," Shiraishi added. "We thought more business opportunities could be captured if we operate in the U.S." Kawasaki, he noted, already has U.S. plants making gasoline engines and trains. (Half of New York City's trains were made by Kawasaki.) "The third should be aircraft," Shiraishi said. Another of the Japanese "Heavies," Subaru, is also investing heavily in new automation for the 777X. Formerly known as Fuji Heavy Industries, the company rebranded itself last month after its dominant automobile division. Only 5 percent of Subaru's revenue comes from aerospace, versus 94 percent from automobiles. Yet Subaru is a vital Boeing supplier. In the city of Handa, close to Nagoya, it makes the key structural boxes within the central fuselage that support the wings of the 777 and the 787. It will supply the same piece for the 777X. "Next time, Boeing will not be able to make any big airplane without us," joked Yasuhiro Hamanaka, vice president of production at Subaru's aerospace division. A team of Subaru designers went to Seattle and worked with Boeing engineers to design the 777X center wing box. "We'd like to make the center wing box for the next-generation Boeing product, but not limited to the center wing box," Hamanaka said. "We'd like to leverage our experience in composites on the 787, for wing parts, especially the horizontal tail and parts of the main wing." A join venture with Boeing?Yet Boeing remains mum on how work on its next new airplane will be allotted and who might help build it. Asked in an interview in Tokyo about the concerns of the Heavies that Boeing is not sharing its thinking on the potential 797, Brett Gerry, president of Boeing Japan, said it's too early for that. "This is a very sophisticated and advanced manufacturing culture and workforce," Gerry said. "The technical excellence of the partnership has ... led to the creation of tens of thousands of aerospace jobs in the U.S. and Japan." But as for future airplanes, he said, "We haven't made any decisions." If and when Boeing does finally decide on its next move, Japan will have to compete fiercely for work, said aviation-industry analyst Richard Aboulafia. "Everyone wants a piece of the 797," he said. Aboulafia said the next new jet now under consideration is a high-volume, twin-aisle airplane priced closer to a single-aisle jet. It will be, he predicted, "the most intensely cost-driven airplane" Boeing has ever produced. Given the imperative for lower costs, it's conceivable Boeing will again outsource the composite wing, as it did to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries on the 787. As for the body of the plane, which will likely be metal, building those sections might come down to a competition between the Japanese Heavies and Spirit AeroSystems of Wichita, Kansas. Yet a more radical outsourcing plan might also be possible, said Aboulafia, given the prospect of high rates of production: some kind of joint venture between Boeing and the Heavies, "a grand transoceanic partnership," similar to the highly successful CFM joint venture between U.S. jet engine maker GE and its French counterpart Safran. In such a scenario, he said Japanese-owned aircraft plants wouldn't necessarily have to be in Japan. Japanese industry already thinks globally, he said, and the Heavies could operate plants wherever it makes business sense, be that the U.S. or Southeast Asia. A message to BoeingMeanwhile, the third Heavy, Mitsubishi, has pushed ahead of the other Japanese partners in realizing the ambition to build its own new commercial airplane. For Boeing, Mitsubishi makes the advanced carbon composite wings that provide the 787's high performance in flight. It also supplies aft fuselage panels and other parts for the 777. Multiple sources in Japan said Mitsubishi in 2013 offered to build the big composite wings of the 777X in the U.S., but was rebuffed by Boeing, which instead chose to build a new in-house wing facility in Everett. Mitsubishi is also now flight testing in Washington state the 88-seat Mitsubishi Regional Jet or MRJ – the first commercial airplane in more than 40 years designed and built in Japan. "Mitsubishi is in the process of challenging ourselves, of shifting from being a tier one supplier, where we only manufacture parts, to integrating the whole airplane with the MRJ," said Yuichi Shinohara senior vice president at MHI Commercial Aerospace and CEO of Mitsubishi Aircraft, the division that makes the MRJ. In January, the MRJ suffered a new two-year delay, the latest setback in a program that is proving, like the Boeing 787, much more expensive to develop than planned. Yet Mitsubishi remains fully committed to continuing to fund the airplane. "This business is very long term," said Yugo Fukuhara, vice president of MRJ sales & marketing, in an interview in Tokyo. "We are not making just an aircraft. We are creating a new industry in Japan." Shinji Suzuki, a professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics at the University of Tokyo, said, "It might be difficult to post a profit with the MRJ ... But if it continues, it will grow as the root of the Japanese aerospace industry." "This is the message Japan wants to send Boeing: That we are developing the ability to integrate aircraft," Suzuki added. "Japan needs to go into a new phase, where the Heavies can codevelop aircraft with Boeing." "Everyone wants a piece of the 797."Everyone wants a piece of the 797." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 0:38 2 hours ago St. James girls memorialized at service after Bay Road crash 1:31 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.18 View More Video National Business Former admiral gets 18 months in jail for lying Chelsea Manning 'looking forward to so much' after release Stocks, bond yields drop as Washington turmoil roils Street Markets Right Now: Washington turmoil unnerves markets The Latest: Tear gas fired at Greek anti-austerity protest National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX To Malindo Air Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX To Malindo Air May 17, 2017 Boeing handed over the first 737 MAX aircraft to Malaysia’s Malindo Air in a ceremony at Boeing Field in Seattle. Low cost carrier Malindo Air will be the first airline to start commercial service with the 737 MAX. “We are thrilled to partner with Boeing to take the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX,” Malindo Air chief executive Chandran Rama Muthy said. “These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers.” Malindo Air has a total of eight 737 MAX 8s on order worth USD$900 million at current list prices. (Airwise) Top Stories Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX To Malindo Air Iran Air Takes Delivery Of Four ATR 72-600s easyJet First Half Loss Widens Singapore Changi Terminal Reopens After Small Fire AirAsia, Everbright To Launch Chinese LCC Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX To Malindo Air Singapore Changi Terminal Reopens After Small Fire Iran Air Takes Delivery Of Four ATR 72-600s easyJet First Half Loss Widens AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
Thursday 18 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » IT & Telecommunications   » Story Boeing satellite to expand global broadband WASHINGTON, 1 days ago The fourth Boeing Inmarsat-5 satellite, launched on Monday, will noticeably expand the high-speed broadband service available through Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network after the satellite becomes fully operational later this year. The Inmarsat-5 satellites are uniquely able to provide seamless communications coverage through fixed and steerable beams that can be adjusted in real time to accommodate demand surges.      “Inmarsat-5 F4 joins our existing Global Xpress constellation, which is already being adopted as the new standard in global mobile broadband connectivity by companies, governments and communities around the world,” said Michele Franci, CTO, Inmarsat. “Boeing has been an outstanding partner in our journey to make Global Xpress a reality.” This is the fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite Boeing has built for Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network. After reaching its final orbit, the satellite will undergo testing and checkout before being declared operational.   “Our partnership with Inmarsat has enabled the creation of the world’s only commercial global, mobile Ka-band network,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. “This unique achievement is an example of Boeing’s continuing commitment to deliver reliable, affordable and innovative solutions for our customers.” Boeing has a strategic marketing partnership with Inmarsat and currently provides both military Ka-band and commercial Global Xpress services to US government customers. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | broadband | Inmarsat | Satellite | More IT & Telecommunications Stories UAE firm offers online threat monitoring solution Batelco launches all-in-one TV solution Samena Council confirms Nokia membership Batelco, Huawei partner to deploy Fibre Experience Van Thuraya launches dual mode satellite & LTE hotspot Ooredoo app reaches milestone 350,000 users GBI inks $274m loan refinancing agreement eHosting DataFort launches cyber defence centre Dubai launches online one-stop shop for govt services Huawei, Doha airport enter co-innovation partnership Ransomware attacks in 150 countries Microsoft announces new tools and services IoT ‘will enable mobility & automated transport’ Ransomware ‘targeting multiple hospitals’ Etisalat unveils special mobile add-on promotion Toshiba to focus on PC product innovations Ooredoo Kuwait names new brand ambassador Gemalto opens card personalisation centre in Dubai ManageEngine gets key management certification Smart Link, Avaya in contact centre expansion Centrify upgrades identity management solution Du, Dubai Economy partner on consumer awareness Microsoft unveils new education offerings Allied Telesis to showcase solutions at MIPS EMEA Software AG brings ‘Innovation Tour’ to Dubai Cybersecurity spend to top $101bn by 2020 STC group Q1 profit up 5.4pc to $666m Batelco's debut telecom bazaar 'a major success' L&T Infotech unveils new brand identity Ooredoo Oman upgrades self-care application Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Thursday, May 18, 2017 Latest: US Household Debt Rises To All-Time Highs – Analysis Furthering India-Japan Defense Cooperation: Arun Jaitley Indicates New Approach – Analysis Deep Sea Fishing Seems Working To Ease Issues With Sri Lanka – Analysis Jewish Nation-State Bill: Israel’s Precarious Identity Is Palestine’s Nightmare – OpEd Vladimir Posner On The State Of Journalism – OpEd Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Model of China's Comac C919 passenger jet. Source: Wikipedia Commons. 1 Analysis Business  China’s New Commercial Airliner: Turbulence Ahead? – Analysis May 17, 2017 RSIS 0 Comment Aviation, China, Economics, Transportation By RSIS The first flight of China’s new C919 passenger jet is an important milestone in the country’s commercial aerospace business. Nevertheless, China faces an uphill battle when it comes to breaking into the international airliner market. By Richard A. Bitzinger* Earlier in May 2017, China’s answer to Airbus and Boeing, the Comac C919 passenger jet, took its first flight ever, live on state-run television. Not surprisingly, this event immediately prompted an outpouring of patriotism and self-satisfaction within the country. Local reporters gushed, and the state media celebrated the flight as “another fulfilment of [the China] dream”. A Chinese aviation expert predicted that the plane would “rip a hole” in the Boeing-Airbus duopoly, and ordinary Chinese burst with pride. Even the foreign press heralded the accomplishment, the New York Times calling the C919 a symbol of the “industrial might of an emerging superpower”. So much hyperbole for such a rather workaday occurrence. Congratulations are certainly due to the Chinese aerospace industry for getting the C919 off the ground. But the future may not be as bright as it seems, though the West should not take this challenge lightly. No Overnight Success The C919 narrow-body jet, initiated in 2008, seats 150 to 200 passengers, which puts it roughly in the same category as the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320. China has invested US$9 billion in the programme, and Comac, China’s state-owned commercial jet consortium, claims to have over 550 orders for the plane. Nevertheless, it is a long way from a successful first flight to delivering a first-rate airliner that can take on Airbus and Boeing at their own game. Many other countries have tried before and failed to compete with these two aerospace giants. China itself has been down this road before, several times in fact, and not put a dent into this duopoly. Back in the 1970s, for example, Mao Zedong backed a major effort to build the Y-10 airliner. The 178-seat Y-10 was basically a clone of the Boeing 707, one of the first large passenger jets. The Chinese acquired ten 707s in the early 1970s, and even if they did not totally reverse engineer it, they used the 707 as their model. The Y-10 was initiated in 1970, and the first prototype flew a decade later. And when it finally flew, at least one contemporary press account asserted that “one could no longer regard China as a backward country”. And yet the project was quietly abandoned in the early 1980s. It was overweight and underpowered and there were considerable safety concerns. There were even rumours that it was poorly balanced, and that if it were improperly loaded it would fall back on its tail. Undaunted, the Chinese in the mid-1980s undertook a major partnership with McDonnell Douglas, then the world’s second-largest commercial aircraft manufacturer. The Shanghai Aviation Industrial Corporation (SAIC) acquired a license to assemble the McDonnell Douglas MD-82 airliner, a 135-seat single-aisle airliner. Many MD-82 parts were manufactured in China, including the horizontal stabiliser, the nose landing and main landing gear doors, and other ancillary pieces. Other Chinese aircraft companies participated as subcontractors to SAIC; the Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group, for instance, built the nose section for the MD-82. The first SAIC-built MD-82 rolled out in 1986 and flew later that year. Nevertheless, only 35 Chinese MD-82s (and two MD-90s, a slightly improved version) were ever built before the programme was cancelled. McDonnell Douglas was later absorbed by Boeing and disappeared as an independent company. Sad Experience of the ARJ-21? Lost in all the hype over the C919 is China’s 100-seat regional jet, the ARJ21. This jet was launched in 2002, and its maiden flight took place in late 2008. Intended first and foremost to meet China’s burgeoning demand for short-haul internal air transport, the plane has already secured over 300 firm orders. The ARJ21, like the C919, looks good on paper, but it has had a rough time, raising serious questions about China’s ability to break into the international commercial airliner business. The ARJ21 was two-and-a-half years late in achieving first flight. In late 2010, the plane’s wing failed its predicted load rating during static tests; wing cracks as well as problems with the aircraft’s avionics and wiring also have been reported. The first ARJ21 was delivered only last year, and all in all this airliner is more than six years behind schedule. The C919 is also behind schedule, missing its milestones for first flight by more than two years. In addition, the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has refused to certify the C919’s airworthiness, making it highly unlikely that the aircraft will meet its 2016 deadline for starting deliveries. FAA certification is essential if the Chinese wish to sell the C919 to foreign airlines. So far nearly all the orders for the ARJ21 and C919 have come from Chinese airlines, making it highly probable that Beijing has strong-armed these companies into buying these planes. The first airline to receive the ARJ21 was Chengdu Airlines, which is partly owned by Comac. Another airline, Joy Air, was purportedly established specifically to purchase and operate Chinese-made commercial aircraft. Why This Time Might be Different All these arguments aside, the West – and particularly Boeing and Airbus – should not be complacent. China has an infinite capacity to confound the naysayers. With regard to the C919, the country possesses two advantages. The first is size: the Chinese aviation market is growing by leaps and bounds; Boeing predicts that Chinese airlines would spend more than $1 trillion on new planes over the next two decades, totaling more than 6,800 aircraft. The second advantage is commitment and money. President Xi Jinping’s “Made in China 2025” initiative, launched two years ago, is intended to make the country self-sufficient in several industrial sectors, including microchips, artificial intelligence, robots, electric cars, agricultural machinery – and commercial aircraft. China’s commercial aerospace interests will not end with the C919. Comac has plans for two wide-body airliners, the 300-seat C929 and the 400-seat C939. So do not count China out as a commercial aircraft maker. That said, expect turbulence. *Richard A. Bitzinger is a Senior Fellow and Coordinator of the Military Transformations Programme at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. An earlier version of this Commentary appeared in Asia Times. ← Trump Goes To Twitter To Defend Sharing Information With Russians ‘Narco-Deforestation’ Leading To Loss Of Central American Tropical Forests → RSIS RSIS Commentaries are intended to provide timely and, where appropriate, policy relevant background and analysis of contemporary developments. The views of the author/s are their own and do not represent the official position of the S.Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), NTU, which produces the Commentaries. You May Also Like Modi’s Visit To Iran: Will It Provide New Momentum To Bilateral Relations? – Analysis May 18, 2016 IDSA 1 The Middle East: China Venturing Into The Maelstrom – Analysis January 19, 2016 James M. Dorsey 0 India And The Indian Ocean February 27, 2011 B. Raman 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Analysis Business  US Household Debt Rises To All-Time Highs – Analysis May 18, 2017 MISES 0 By Ryan McMaken* Following the 2008 financial crisis, many observers were surprised by how much many Americans began saving. From 1 Analysis  Furthering India-Japan Defense Cooperation: Arun Jaitley Indicates New Approach – Analysis May 18, 2017 IDSA 0 1 Analysis  Deep Sea Fishing Seems Working To Ease Issues With Sri Lanka – Analysis May 18, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 Opinion  Jewish Nation-State Bill: Israel’s Precarious Identity Is Palestine’s Nightmare – OpEd May 18, 2017 Ramzy Baroud 0 1 Opinion  Vladimir Posner On The State Of Journalism – OpEd May 18, 2017 David Swanson 0 1 Analysis  Putin’s Maginot Line Exposed By North Korea’s Missile Launch – Analysis May 18, 2017 Published by the Foreign Policy Research Institute 0 1 Analysis Business  One Belt, One Road: A Plan For Chinese Dominance And Authoritarianism – Analysis May 18, 2017 James M. Dorsey 0 Recent Comments chitranjan kumar on Indian Strategic Thinking: A Reflection Of Kautilya’s Six Fold Policy – Analysis chitranjan kumar on Indian Strategic Thinking: A Reflection Of Kautilya’s Six Fold Policy – Analysis Imran on Sri Lanka To Buy China-Made JF-17 Fighter Aircraft – OpEd Walter DuBlanica on Trump Defends ‘Right’ To Share Intelligence With Russia Walter DuBlanica on Religion-Nationalism Nexus In Today’s Russia: Are Roots Buried In Dostoevsky’s Novels? – Analysis Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Business Home LBoard PPBM: BN ‘safe deposit’ seats in Felda areas now history Nora Jaswa Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing’s top seller to debut as Malindo takes first Max Bloomberg | May 17, 2017 Malindo will be the first airline to fly the Boeing 737 Max commercially. CHICAGO: Boeing Co delivered the first 737 Max to the jetliner’s largest customer, Lion Mentari Airlines PT, a step toward reaping a cash bounty from the best-selling aircraft in the company’s history. The Tuesday hand-off to Lion’s Malaysia affiliate, Malindo Airways, was only one day later than first scheduled after the US planemaker quickly recovered from a possible engine manufacturing defect, which had grounded the fledgling Max fleet last week. Before that hiccup, the upgraded 737 had coasted through development and flight-testing months ahead of schedule – a rarity in an industry where delays are common. The 737 and Airbus SE’s A320 family are the sturdy workhorses for budget carriers worldwide, built to withstand multiple short flights a day. And thanks to manufacturing scale and processes honed over decades, they are the biggest profit generators for the planemakers, one reason why investors have closely watched the progress of the latest Boeing single-aisle jet so closely. The Max “is the most important programme at Boeing both now and in the future,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. “It is the cash generator and they can’t screw it up.” Boeing is counting on smooth sailing for the 737 Max, the newest member of the jet family dating back about fifty years. That is essential if the Chicago-based company is to make good on the cash it has promised to return to investors as production slows for the 777, the second-largest source of profit, ahead of a transition to a new model. Net orders The Max family had netted 3,714 orders through the end of April, with the bulk of sales coming from the midsize -8. That jet, the first to debut, promises 8% lower operating costs than Airbus’s A320neo jets from upgrades that include new fuel-efficient engines and winglets. To convert that order backlog to cash, Boeing is speeding output at the Renton, Washington, factory where the jets are manufactured by 12% this year to a 47-jet monthly pace. Additional step-ups are planned for 2018 and 2019. If all goes to plan, current-generation 737 planes and the Max will generate about US$25 billion in revenue this year, about 27% of the company total, according to Ferguson. He estimates Boeing will reap about $4 billion in operating profit from the single-aisle jets in 2017, 43% of its total. “This airline will change the face of the single-aisle market,” Kevin McAllister, chief executive officer of Boeing’s commercial airplanes division, said in a statement Tuesday. The manufacturer plans to roll out three other models in addition to the Max 8 headed to Malindo at a pace of about one a year. And the company’s salesforce is working to find customers for a possible stretched model, the Max 10, ahead of a possible debut in Paris next month. Malindo, whose name is derived from the country names of Malaysia and Indonesia, will be the first airline to fly the 737 Max commercially. The carrier is owned by Malaysia’s National Aerospace and Defence Industries and Lion Air. Its Indonesia-based parent announced a 201-plane order for the Max in early 2012. Southwest Airlines, which placed the initial order for the newest 737 in late 2011, is due to take its first delivery in July, about two months earlier than expected. The Dallas-based carrier plans to start commercial flights with the Max on Oct 1, after retiring the oldest planes in its fleet. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Drug taking rife in Felda schemes, say settlers Kit Siang kepada Hadi: Selamat sembuh Explore topics airlines, Boeing, Boeing 737, boeing 737 max, FMT, Malaysia, Malindo, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News PKR: Najib wrong in not condemning assault on David Teo Actor slaps film producer David Teo in front of Najib Lawyer: Will ‘Jesus is love’ T-shirt be… No legal action over slap incident, says director David Teo Bebas: Lecturer’s proselytisation claim feeds Muslim… Pemimpin FPI Indonesia dalam skandal perbualan seks WhatsApp Mat Over tak kesal tampar kerana mahu ajar Teo hormat PM Peguam persoal Najib tidak kutuk jenayah depan mata oleh Mat PAS: We’re staying put in Selangor It’s Yeoh’s right to relate her story, says Nik… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Danger: Today’s rhetoric will become tomorrow’s policy Perlu wacana segar daripada ulama mengenai LGBT Dr Mahathir, Pakatan’s headache Bandar Malaysia: Is Najib making up plans as he goes along? Kamarul, save yourself and leave the rest of the nation alone Malaysia’s disgraceful disregard for human rights More... FMT Bahasa Najib lawat Hadi di IJN PAS tetap tidak berganjak dari kerajaan Selangor Suhakam ‘keliru’ hukuman sebat RUU 355, kata PAS SPRM rampas tunai RM800,000 dari rumah anggota polis SKMM terima hampir 8,000 aduan telekomunikasi, kandungan internet tahun ini Pemimpin FPI Indonesia dalam skandal perbualan seks WhatsApp More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Flint Water Crisis ISIS UnCovered TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story It's Going to Be the Busiest Memorial Day for Travel Since 2005 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 8:58pm EDT U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc . The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Controversial Milwaukee County sheriff says taking U.S. Homeland Security post WASHINGTON Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, an African-American who became a staunch critic of the "Black Lives Matter" movement and supported Donald Trump's presidential campaign, said on Wednesday he has accepted a job as assistant secretary of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. U.S. cyber bill would shift power away from spy agency WASHINGTON A bill proposed in Congress on Wednesday would require the U.S. National Security Agency to inform representatives of other government agencies about security holes it finds in software like the one that allowed last week's "ransomware" attacks. U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions NEW YORK The U.S. Justice Department plans to file a civil lawsuit against Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV over excess diesel emissions as early as this week if no agreement is reached with the Italian-American automaker, two sources briefed on the matter said on Wednesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
MENU GO 57 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Hourly Briefing Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Scoreboard Reign Healthworks TV Contact KOMO News What's On TV People TV Contests & Events Hotlinks Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Partner Spotlight Daily Poll Radio What's On Radio KOMO Radio Events Listen Live Listener Club NewsRadio Radio Contests Radio Contest Rules KOMO Radio Community Events Contact KOMO Radio Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Send a Tip Circa more... News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Hourly Briefing Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Scoreboard Reign Healthworks TV Contact KOMO News What's On TV People TV Contests & Events Hotlinks Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Partner Spotlight Daily Poll Radio What's On Radio KOMO Radio Events Listen Live Listener Club NewsRadio Radio Contests Radio Contest Rules KOMO Radio Community Events Contact KOMO Radio Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Send a Tip Circa Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Hourly Briefing Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Scoreboard Reign Contact KOMO News What's On TV People TV Contests & Events Hotlinks Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Partner Spotlight Daily Poll What's On Radio KOMO Radio Events Listen Live Listener Club NewsRadio Radio Contests Radio Contest Rules KOMO Radio Community Events Contact KOMO Radio KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Hourly Briefing Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Scoreboard Reign Contact KOMO News What's On TV People TV Contests & Events Hotlinks Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Partner Spotlight Daily Poll What's On Radio KOMO Radio Events Listen Live Listener Club NewsRadio Radio Contests Radio Contest Rules KOMO Radio Community Events Contact KOMO Radio KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Consumer Videos Auto Matters Connect to Congress Business Tech Don't Miss Tracking Terror Hooked on Heroin Podcast Eric's Heroes NewsRadio Crime Map Sinclair Cares Hourly Briefing Weather Radar Scott's Weather Blog Satellite Maps School Delays Weather FAQ Weather Cams KOMO Cams Ski Report Links Hurricane Tracker Bus Stop Benny Traffic Traffic Map Pass Reports WDYC Flight Status Survival Guide Sports Seahawks Mariners Sounders Storm Huskies College Scoreboard Reign Healthworks TV Contact KOMO News What's On TV People TV Contests & Events Hotlinks Problem Solvers EQC Puzzle of the Night Question of the Day Careers Rules Archive Content for a Cause STEM Partner Spotlight Daily Poll Radio What's On Radio KOMO Radio Events Listen Live Listener Club NewsRadio Radio Contests Radio Contest Rules KOMO Radio Community Events Contact KOMO Radio Live KOMO 4 News KOMO NewsRadio Police Scanner Refined Send a Tip Circa component-ddb-728x90-v1-01-desktop Alaska Airlines will start daily flights from Everett's Paine Field by KOMO Staff AP file photo VIEW PHOTO GALLERY4 photos AA EVERETT, Wash. -- Alaska Airlines will begin daily flights from Paine Field in the fall of 2018. The airline announced Wednesday that it will have up to nine daily departures from the airport, using Boeing 737s and Embraer 175s. Alaska is expected to announce schedules and begin selling tickets early next year. “As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to our valued guests living in the North Sound,” said CEO of Alaska Airlines Brad Tilden in statement. “Today’s news means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time enjoying your vacation or making the most of your business trip.” The airline intends to use Paine Field for something more than short flights around the Northwest. “We’re not quite ready to share details of the routes,” John Kirby, Alaska’s vice president of capacity planning, said in the company's blog. “But I can tell you they won’t be limited to short, regional flights. We’re talking daily, nonstop flights to some of our most popular destinations.” The flights are sure to arouse the ire of those who live near the airport. Commercial flights at Paine Field, where Boeing operates a huge plant, have been a sore point for those who live nearby. Mukilteo Mayor Jennifer Gregerson said Wednesday that she is disappointed by Alaska Airlines' announcement. "We still believe that there are better uses at Paine airport rather than commercial service.". She said people who live nearby are worried about the noise and traffic that would come with commercial service. The mayor said she fears that once commercial flights have begun at Paine Field they will ultimately grow. "Our biggest concern is that once you open that door to commercial service it will be very difficult for the county to shut that door." Still, Mukilteo has an agreement with Paine Field that, for the time being, limits the number of commercial flights and the times the flights can occur. The city of Mukilteo and the Save Our Communities group went to court recently to stop commercial flights at Paine Field. An appeals court denied the legal challenge in January. That case has been appealed to the Washington State Supreme Court, Gregerson said. Joe Sprague, senior vice president for external affairs at Alaska, said he didn't think the limited number of flights would have a major impact on Paine Field. But he said motorists should see a positive impact as fewer cars drive through Seattle to Sea-Tac. An Alaska news release announcing the flights includes supportive statements from Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson and Snohomish County Executive Dave Somers, who called the airline's announcement "great news for Snohomish County." Propeller Airports intended to break ground on a terminal in June. close Trending 1   No more holding of phones under new law in Washington 2   Alaska Airlines will start daily flights from Everett's Paine Field 3   Charges upgraded for couple whose child was found with 100 rat bites 4   WATCH LIVE: Bear stuck high atop tree near elementary school in Renton 5   3-alarm fire damages 9 businesses in Bellevue DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with KOMO Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO News In Pictures Photos: Jaw-dropping scenes of Earth from the International Space Station 3-alarm fire damages 9 businesses in Bellevue Man sentenced for 2011 motel murder WATCH LIVE: Bear stuck high atop tree near elementary school in Renton ShareTweet × Trending 1 No more holding of phones under new law in Washington 2 Alaska Airlines will start daily flights from Everett's Paine Field 3 Charges upgraded for couple whose child was found with 100 rat bites 4 WATCH LIVE: Bear stuck high atop tree near elementary school in Renton 5 3-alarm fire damages 9 businesses in Bellevue 6 Man suspected in fatal Blaine hit-and-run surrenders to troopers 7 Dramatic video shows killer whales hunting sea lion in Salish Sea 8 Driver who killed father, infant in Whatcom Co. crash dies 9 WSP: 3 hurt in crash caused by suspected drunk driver fleeing from trooper 10 'In the right place at the right time:' Tow truck driver helps secure SUV dangling off I-5
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Fine Gael leadership Home»Business Cork Airport boss: ‘New York flights will happen’ Thursday, May 18, 2017 Pádraig Hoare A Cork flight to New York will happen sooner rather than later, the managing director of Cork Airport has said.  Niall MacCarthy, managing director, Cork Airport, at ACI Europe's Regional Airports' Conference. Picture: Brian Lougheed Niall MacCarthy was speaking as airport leaders from around Europe gathered in Cork for a conference to discuss the fallout of Brexit for regional airports across the continent. Director general of conference organiser, Airports Continental International Europe, Olivier Jankovec said the “eyes of the regional aviation world” were on Cork ahead of the launch of flights by Norwegian Air to Providence in Rhode Island in July. Mr Jankovec said that as the threat of Brexit loomed, regional airports were looking to see how Cork would perform. “Cork is at the forefront, it is pioneering in long-haul low-cost flying. The eyes of the regional aviation world are certainly on it. “Of course the location of Ireland gives it an excellent advantage to develop that market. Cork is a fine example of all the innovation and an airport really fighting its corner when it comes to traffic growth and destinations. The long-haul route will take it one step further,” he said. Olivier Jankovec, director general, ACI Europe, speaking at ACI’s Regional Airport Conference. Picture: Joleen Cronin While Norwegian will fly to Providence in July, the airline said last month it was unlikely its Boeing 737Max aircraft could currently reach New York from Cork as originally planned. Despite Norwegian’s revelation, Mr MacCarthy said he was confident an airline would use Cork to fly to New York. “There has been big demand for Cork to New York and I believe we will see it in the near future,” he said. Boeing’s rival Airbus has already begun flying its A320Neo aircraft, with analysts predicting an airline could fly from an airport like Cork to New York using it. Claire Nash, Nash 19, Patrick O’Shea, President UCC and Darina Allen, Ballymaloe at the gala dinner in Castlemartyr Resort. Picture: Joleen Cronin Mr MacCarthy said Brexit was such a serious threat that aviation and tourism could seriously suffer without free movement of goods and people. He said that equivalency in security and safety standards has to be defined, as well as EU agreements such as Open Skies. Marketing Ireland’s brand in the UK had to ramp up, while state aid rules had be to fair, he said. Mr MacCarthy said support from all of Munster was crucial if Cork’s US route was to be a success. “Cork Airport is far too large just to serve one county. I am confident that Providence will succeed and Norwegian has done an excellent marketing job. The winter especially will be crucial,” he said. Kathleen Walshe, Cork Airport, Cllr. Des Cahill, Cork Lord Mayor, and Conor Healy, chief executive Cork Chamber at the gala dinner. Ireland South MEP and member of the EU Transport committee Deirdre Clune had told the conference secondary airports in rural Ireland were being “largely ignored”. She said policy focus must be on balancing growth away from Dublin Airport and focusing instead on balanced regional growth to secondary airports. “Europe’s secondary airports account for over 260m passengers per annum. Air traffic in Europe will nearly double by 2030. That’s a big opportunity for rural Ireland to connect with these people,” she said. READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Euro rises amid latest White House troubles Man Utd revenues boosted by TV rights DCC share price slip despite strong first half EU report to focus on Irish home prices Breaking Stories Evolving political landscape key challenge to farming sector Jobs expo for prisoners in Dublin Lifestyle Will banning of bad language be a curse for pubs? New book could be the perfect answer to relationship and parenting woes House of Pain reminisce about visiting Ireland Looking into your eyes for a view of your health More From The Irish Examiner Watch: Fiona the baby hippo's trip to the dentist Chelsea Manning takes to Instagram to celebrate her release from prison #loveislove: The world celebrates the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia Enda Kenny steps down: Twitter was very quick to react to the news The outdoor cinema is returning to Cork's Fitzgerald's Park on Saturday That story about the student who finished his essay in a nightclub was a hoax Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11 32 39 41 42 44 9 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Priest sends out warning message at funeral of Clare teen Conor Wilmot Scientists link gut bacteria to anxiety disorders €20k scratch card winner drives from Kerry to Dublin straight away without telling family to collect winnings ‘When I turned pro, I was miles away from the required standard’ ‘Heartless’ man tied up his disabled sister and robbed sick mum of €11k saved for funeral Cork scientists link gut bacteria to anxiety disorders Lockdown at White House has been cleared Murder probe launched in UK as 'beautiful' girl, 16, found dead in car following crash Cork public asked to report sightings of rat-like coypu This is Cork’s famine NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Cork Airport boss: ‘New York flights will happen’ SPORT Stephen McDonnell: The young lads are ready. They’ll be in the zone Ospreys are now Stander’s sole focus LIFESTYLE New book could be the perfect answer to relationship and parenting woes Will banning of bad language be a curse for pubs?     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 8:34pm EDT U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet A Bombardier logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva, Switzerland, May 24, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's (BA.N) unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier (BBDb.TO), a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N). The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer (EMBR3.SA). A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines (UAL.N), had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Writing by David Lawder; Editing by Leslie Adler and Bill Trott) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News 'Trump Trade' turns to trepidation as investors unwind NEW YORK Investors were shelving rosy hopes for U.S. tax reform and rethinking strategies premised on Donald Trump's economic growth promises on Wednesday, as the President faced his loudest criticism yet over possible collusion between his election campaign and Russia. U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions NEW YORK The U.S. Justice Department plans to file a civil lawsuit against Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV over excess diesel emissions as early as this week if no agreement is reached with the Italian-American automaker, two sources briefed on the matter said on Wednesday. Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant Mobile phone apps took center stage at Google’s annual developer conference on Wednesday as the search giant announced new features for its digital assistant and its popular photo app while devoting little time to the Android mobile operating system. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Jury finds Oklahoma cop not guilty in shooting of black man Man gets six years for assault, felony harassment Domestic-violence charges against Vancouver police officer dropped Boy injured in car-train crash continues to recover Piano Hospital selling inventory to raise cash, clear building Closed landfill’s owners seek release from post-closure permit ‘Stethoscope’ gets ‘to the heart’ of Mount St. Helens 86 candidates so far vying for open positions Boy injured in car-train crash continues to recover The boy hurt in a fatal collision between a car and a train Tuesday in Camas was still recovering from… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines England pitches La Center into district softball final High school scoreboard, 5/18 Camas soccer wins in OT, heads to 4A quarterfinals Armstrong steps down as Battle Ground basketball coach Bonneville Dam fish count 5/17 High school scoreboard 5/17 Prep roundup: Fast starts can’t produce wins for Prairie, Ridgefield soccer Ball doesn’t bounce for Columbia River in playoff soccer defeat Cano latest Mariner headed to disabled list 7-time Washougal MX champ Dungey retires Ball doesn’t bounce for Columbia River in playoff soccer defeat Rally is for naught as Chieftains fall in penalty kicks Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Boeing delivers first 737 MAX after FAA clears plane to fly Computer experts predicted ‘WannaCry’ Target in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon Stocks, bond yields drop as Washington turmoil rattles markets Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.6 percent U.S. households owe record amount, topping pre-recession peak Singletary: Extended families deserve our attention and a helping hand Dairy aims to be first to test system that reclaims waste Homes traded in east Vancouver retail center deal Yahoo buying $3B worth of own shares before sale Target in game of shipping tag with Wal-Mart, Amazon NEW YORK — Target, Wal-Mart and Amazon are engaged in a game of shipping tag, each trying to adjust their… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Forbes: Jay Z and Beyonce worth a combined $1.16 billion AP Exclusive: The final days of the Ringling Bros. circus Clarkson to be coach on ‘The Voice’ in ’18 Parents of teens, let’s talk about their stress Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Thursdays on NBC: ‘Must See TV’ revived Scallops: What to serve when you splurge Fingerling spuds are a handy go-to Love vegan cheese but can’t eat cashews? Nut-free recipes come to rescue AP Exclusive: The final days of the Ringling Bros. circus PROVIDENCE, R.I. — An elephant stretches its trunk through a window to soothe a sick child. A woman gives birth… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Don’t Get Rid of Homework Camden: Once again, our eight simple rules for running for office Letter: GOP health plan really about taxes Letter: Changes to parking meters Letter: Washington is not China’s dump Letter: Comey firing was warranted Letter: Chance to speak up on health care Letter: Answers needed from county In Our View: Elections Can Help Cure Ills Saunders: Trump firing brings independence of FBI into question Editorial Cartoons, May 14-20 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: Bowled over by chance encounter with The Beatles Abandoned properties pose problems for code enforcement, neighbors Volunteer Opportunities Spotlight on Youth Washougal opens new transportation facility Kids visit Nautilus, learn about engineering La Center receives $20,000 for athletic field work Ridgefield named one of nation’s top high schools Eagle Scouts Employees take day off work for fun Neighbors adjusting to life near Ilani casino The long-anticipated Ilani Casino Resort opened to much fanfare last week, and with it came a traffic backup of more… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing delivers first 737 MAX after FAA clears plane to fly By Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times Published: May 17, 2017, 4:47 PM A   A SEATTLE — Less than a week after a potential manufacturing flaw in a batch of engines grounded Boeing’s 737 MAX fleet, the Federal Aviation Administration cleared Boeing to fly the MAX with unaffected engines and the jetmaker made the first MAX delivery to an airline Tuesday. The 737 MAX “has resumed all flight activities,” Boeing said in a statement. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said the first MAX was delivered to Malaysian carrier Malindo Air, part of Lion Air Group. Boeing sold the plane to aircraft lessor Avolon — part of China’s HNA Group, though headquartered in Ireland — which then leased the jet to Malindo. Jamie Jewell, a spokeswoman for engine maker CFM International, said it has identified “around 30” of its LEAP engines that potentially have the flaw discovered during manufacturing of some metal discs inside the low pressure turbine. One CFM supplier had used an incorrect forging process that created a vulnerability to cracks developing in the disc — though none were detected in more than 15 months of flight tests. Other suppliers of the same disc didn’t have the manufacturing error. The affected engines were taken off the airplanes and sent for inspection to CFM, which is a joint venture between engine makers GE of the U.S. and Safran of France. “We’re just working the issue,” said Jewell. “We’re tearing down the engines and identifying which discs have the flaw and which don’t.” In the meantime, the FAA gave Boeing the all clear Friday to fly any MAXs powered by engines outside that suspect batch. “Regulatory authorities have granted CFM and Boeing approval to begin the full range of business, test and certification-related flight activities,” Boeing said. With enough good engines on hand, the jet scheduled for first delivery was taken up on a test flight Friday, and was duly handed over to Malindo Tuesday. It’s unclear at this early stage whether Boeing’s MAX delivery schedule will be slowed by the missing engines now undergoing inspection or if it will be able to maintain the delivery rate previously planned. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Shots fired shots fired!' Police release bodycam footage of moment cop shot driver who charged at him out of nowhere with a semi-automatic rifle when he stopped to help him 'Selfie murderer', 26, reveals she took photo next to body of her father-in-law because it 'made her really happy' - as she admits she tried to contact ISIS before her arrest but got no response Trump's transition team knew Flynn was under investigation weeks before inauguration Soldier is charged $200 by United Airlines for his overweight military duffel on his way home from 21 months serving in Afghanistan White Oklahoma cop who shot dead unarmed black man is cleared of any wrongdoing after saying she was in 'fear' because he would not lie down 'There was NO collusion', says defiant Trump after Justice Department bows to pressure and names former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to lead Russian election interference probe House Majority Leader told senior GOP colleagues behind closed doors: 'I think Putin pays Trump' - but he now insists it was just a joke It's so unfair! Trump claims 'no politician in history has been treated worse' in commencement speech to Coast Guard recruits after coming under fire for leaking intelligence and interfering with a FBI investigation Controversial sheriff and vocal Trump supporter David Clarke says he is joining the Department of Homeland Security Dow Jones closes down 360 points at lowest point of the year as markets worry about a Trump implosion Trump calls McMaster 'a pain' - as the general is used by the White House to defend the president's blabbing of classified info to the Russians  Trump interviews four FBI director candidates including Democrat Joe Lieberman – who has suggested newspapers can be PROSECUTED for reporting on classified documents 'I lost what I loved more than anything': Heartbroken father of two young boys who were in the plane that disappeared over the Bahamas shares his devastation after debris is found Kim Jong-un prepares defenses ahead of possible US missile strike as American troops in South Korea rehearse destroying Pyongyang's nuclear weapons  Coca-Cola has been quietly cutting the sugar in Sprite, Fanta and Dr Pepper by up to 30 percent and replacing it with sweeteners Model behavior! Bella surprises Emily as they ditch their gowns for crop tops to dance the night away with Hailey on a yacht after stunning on the Cannes red carpet Laptops and tablets WILL NOT be banned on flights from Europe to the U.S. after recent rules prohibiting them on 50 flights from the Middle East and North Africa Right-wing radio host Alex Jones settles lawsuit with yogurt giant Chobani after claiming it 'imports migrant rapists' EXCLUSIVE - The very ordinary life of the Wizard of Lies' wife: Ruth Madoff buys bagels and gets gas for her Prius days before HBO movie depicts lavish life she shared with Ponzi-scheming husband US Navy Admiral is jailed for 18 months for his role in 'Fat Leonard' bribery scheme which saw him 'choose prostitutes and karaoke over character'  School bus flips over in horrific hit-and run-crash that sent more than a dozen people to the hospital - including 14 students Family of four die in horror crash on the way home from a Mother's Day visit after tractor trailer slams into five other vehicles and sparks a fire Thin Mints ARE irresistible! Troop leader who was arrested 'for stealing $26,000 worth of Girl Scout cookies' could face 10 year sentence Saturday Night Live veteran Bobby Moynihan to leave the show after nine seasons as his comedy - Me, Myself and I - is picked up for fall by CBS Previous Next A cathedral, a cinema, a Boeing jet and even one with its own iceberg basement: UK's most amazing outhouses battle it out to be named Shed of the Year A hospital for hedgehogs and a home cinema among the wonderful creations vying for Shed of the Year title Sheds have been nominated in eight categories, from eco-friendly and historic to those built on a shoestring Many of the finalists bear little resemblance to somewhere you'd knock up a set of shelves or oil your shears Outhouses will go 'shed-to-shed' on TV programme Amazing Spaces Shed Of The Year, shown on Channel 4 By Alexander Robertson For Mailonline Published: 19:36 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 19:59 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail 48 shares 51 View comments For most of us, the shed is a place to store flowerpots, the lawnmower and old bags of compost. But an enterprising few have transformed their back garden boltholes into everything from a cathedral, to a real-life flight simulator and wartime police station. While most people are happy with somewhere to store a bicycle or attempt to grow a vine of tomatoes, the nation's most committed shed lovers have far loftier dreams for the little havens at the bottom of the garden. Enthusiasts across the nation have lovingly crafted their creations and now their finest efforts have been whittled down to a shortlist of 32, which will battle it out to be named the Cuprinol Shed of the Year for 2017. Sheds have been nominated in eight categories, from environmentally-friendly buildings and historic extravaganzas to those built on a budget and cabins and summerhouses.  A smiling Captain Mark Owen from Bedfordshire (pictured) sits in the 'cockpit' of his beloved shed, which doubles as an authentic flight simulator Pictured is the entrance to Captain Owen's flight simulator, called the Garage Simulator. The exterior has been mocked up to look like a Boeing plane As well as a cockpit, the garage also features an interior mocked up to look like a plane, with rows of seats and plane paraphernalia on the walls  This incredible cinema is unfortunately not open to the general public, just the lucky friends of family of Anderson Jones, from Stoke-on-Trent The impressive shed, called the ABC Cinema, features a large screen for entertaining and watching the latest releases, as well as space for dozens of viewers As well as screening movies, the shed has several cinema favourites on offer to would-be customers, including popcorn, a selection of old-school sweets and ice cream From the outside, Colin Furze's shed in Lincolnshire looks like any other that you might find in the millions of gardens spread across the country. But what cannot be seen in the expansive bunker built underground Mr Furze, who lives in Lincolnshire, makes his way down a shaft and into the lower level of his shed, which has been aptly-named The Bunker Built over two floors, Mr Furze's creation is based on a Second World War bomb shelter, and features all the typical paraphernalia, including a gas mask and tins of food Father Julian Kent is more than happy to take his work home with him, after building a incredible shed at the bottom of his garden in Portsmouth, called the Cathedral The impressive shed features all the pieces you would expect to find in a house of God, including an organ, candles, pews and an alter A Cyberman and a Dalek guard the entrance to the TARDIS shed, found at the bottom of the garden of Doctor who megafan Paul Foden, from Stoke-on-Trent The Doctor Who fan, wearing a scarf similar to that of the legendary fourth doctor Tom Baker, pretends to launch the TARDIS into another dimension The Engine House, mocked up to look like a working fire station, stands proudly at the bottom of the garden of the homeof Kevin Francis, from Hampshire There is even a shed for poorly hedgehogs - Pricklebums is owned by Ailie Hill in Ludlow, Shropshire, and was converted from a garden summerhouse to care for sick, injured and orphaned hedgehogs Emily Fisher, who lives in Bristol, shows how much of a fan she is of pink as she sits outside her feminine-inspired #GirlShed, complete with blow-up flamingos and mermaids Gordon Ross's large garden at his home in Ayr, Scotland, is home to both an impressive shed and a model railway, complete with a bridge and small houses Inside the shed, Mr Ross proudly displays his collection of model trains. Called the Knockbarke Railroad, the shed is up for an award in the workshop and studio category Barry Anscomb-Moon, from Cambridgeshire, poses for a photograph inside his shed, which is based around the idea of a war-time police station Built onto a trailer, this living history display tours 1940s events and police open days. Step back in time to a wartime nick, kitted out with period sleuthing equipment, wanted posters and yellowing paperwork — plus radio broadcasts of a bygone era As well as a selection of truncheons, wanted signs and information brochures, the impressive cell even has its own cell, complete with a bucket Susan Price from Bristol will be hoping that her creation can top the eco category. The shed is shaped like a Hobbit house from the Lord of the Rings books and films Michael and Gloria Smith, from Yorkshire, have spent years turning their shed into a first-class carriage on a train. The shed is shortlisted in the unexpected category The shed also functions as a station for the carriage. The shortlisted outhouses will go 'shed-to-shed' on TV programme Amazing Spaces Shed Of The Year, shown on Channel 4 this summer Pictured from outside, The Smiths' shed looks like more of a barn, given the space needed to fit the mock station and the railway carriage Purists who prefer the smell of sawdust and the sight of gleaming saws hung up next to rows of screwdrivers may well be a little disappointed, though - many of the finalists bear little resemblance to somewhere you might knock up a set of shelves or oil your gardening shears. A shed created by Paul Foden in Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent, appears bigger on the inside than from the outside - it is a full recreation of the Tardis, complete with a console, cyberman and dalek. Another is set out as a whisky bar for a group of friends to meet, play board games and 'talk nonsense', a shed in Staffordshire is disguised as a fully-working cinema, while Captain Mark Lowen's shed in Buzzard, Bedfordshire, holds a commercial Boeing 737 flight simulator.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Man, 47, hurls PETROL BOMB at armed police surrounding his... Ships lining up for battle, soldiers battling snow and tanks... The moment Taylor Swift flew in to see her secret British... Share this article Share Now in its 10th year, the competition shows no signs of creaking - the shortlist came from a record 2,963 entries. The shortlisted outhouses will go 'shed-to-shed' on TV programme Amazing Spaces Shed Of The Year, shown on Channel 4 this summer. Voting to choose the category winners opens on May 18, and people have until noon on June 2 to pick their favourite for Shed of the Year. Competition founder Andrew Wilcox said: 'Every year I am overwhelmed with the nation's love of sheds and how they really get behind this celebration of British eccentricity.' To see the full shortlist and cast a vote, visit www.readershed.co.uk A proud Oliver Tabor, who lives in Essex, stands at the entrance to his shed, called the Magic Studio. Pictured outside is a bird cage - used in one of the more popular magic tricks A peak inside Mr Tabor's shed reveals a whole host of magic paraphernalia, including decks of cards and a top hat. The shed is among those that make up the 'unexpected' category At the bottom of one garden in Taunton, Devon, stands the cosy Whiskey HQ shed, which belongs to David Hicks and has been shortlisted in the competition's pub and entertainment catergory Whiskey fans will find several treats inside, including a wide selection of spirits. The shed will be among those to feature on Channel 4's Amazing Spaces: Shed of the Year Serena Hall stands outside her creation, which has been aptly named as the Glass Hut. Serena, from Suffolk, is pictured holding a replica of the shed Pictured is Tim Kerridge's pride and joy, a shed mocked up to look like a petrol station from a bygone era. As well as gas pumps outside, the shed features a full-kitted workshop The Engine House, owned by Kevin Francis, from Hampshire, has been shortlisted in the pub and entertainment section, as it features its own fully-operational bar Des Pawson outside his shed. Now in its 10th year, the competition shows no signs of creaking - the shortlist came from a record 2,963 entries The Museum of Knots and Sailors' Ropework, owned by Des Pawson, from Suffolk, certainly does what it says on the tin, with its extensive collection of boating souvenirs Dani Church, from Suffolk, stands on the steps of her Walberswick Ferry Hut. The pretty shed will go up against dozens of others in the 'historic' category of the competition David Oliver, from Marlborough, sits outside his shed, called Doog's Shack. The structure is among those in contention in the 'budget' category The Sheep Shed in Aberdeenshire is characterised by metal sheeting on the outside. However inside, it is as cosy as any other, with warm lighting and a wood-burner Annie Maclean, from Fort William, spends many a happy night in her creation, called the Woodland Star Gazer. It, too, features a wood-burner with two comfy armchairs Tom Hardy's fantastic shed is made from a cork shell, giving rise to its name - the Cork Studio. As such, the space is up for an award in the eco category Ben Swansborough's Mushroom House is among only a few in the competition to be split over two levels. The unique shed is found at the bottom of the family's garden in Surrey This Punch and Judy-inspired shed in Reading would certainly be popular with children visitors, while adult guests could relax and chat inside The Avoch shed is owned by Matthew Lynn, who lives in Peterborough. The fascinating shed has a roof shaped like the hull of  a boat Shortlisted in the cabins and summerhouse category, Michael Long's Rosewood railway shed in Hertsfordshire makes up in character what it lacks in size You would be forgiven for thinking the Mini Manor was in fact Sonia Walker's conservatory - in fact, it is actually a shed at the bottom of her garden in Northamptonshire Share or comment on this article e-mail 48 shares Most watched News videos Randy couple are filmed having sex behind a WALL in Barnsley 'Stay away!' Queen's guard shouts at tourist vying for picture Ian Brady visits Moors to help police find bodies of victims Meet Jack the cat with an insanely deep meow BBC reporter touches woman's breast to move her off camera The moment a bully picks the wrong fight and gets body slammed Exclusive unseen footage of Keith Bennett's mother appealing to Brady Trump lashes out at media at Coast Guard commencement Bizarre street spat as man is accused of having sex with his dog Video shows man crying with joy after fake hair tattoo is fixed Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe Car dramatically rolls into house after handbrake was left off Father adds David Attenborough-style commentary as he... Is this the most harrowing drama ever shown on the BBC?... Ex-prostitute mother of the yob who shot Rhys Jones is... 'She had 200 maggots on her body when I held her in my... CSI Paris... 1904: Fascinating images from crime scenes... It's so unfair! Trump claims 'no politician in history... Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits... 'Stay away!' Hilarious moment Queen's Guardsman barks at... Teen parents are arrested after their 15-day-old baby is... Schoolgirl, 11, killed when she fell from Drayton Manor's... The moment Taylor Swift flew in to see her secret British... PIERS MORGAN: If you don’t admit you need help, Mr... Why's THAT in the test? Britain's stressed out teenagers... British bookies say gamblers are betting Trump won't... Let in immigrants or 'pay the price': Merkel warns that... Determined May, out-of-depth Corbyn, smug Sturgeon and... Unmarried couple are buried up to their necks and stoned... EXCLUSIVE: Meet the stunning 20-year-old French and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 51 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation News: Pre Loaded Jeppesen Digital Data to be Delivered with the Purchase of New Tecnam Aircraft Englewood, Colo. | 17 May 2017 | By Jeppesen Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, and Tecnam, a leading manufacturer of general aviation aircraft, have signed an agreement to provide Jeppesen NavData® and digital charts as part of the purchase process of new Tecnam aircraft. The pre-loaded data from Jeppesen will be selected by the owner/operator of the airplane to meet their individual flying needs. “We always seek methods to deliver added value when purchasing our aircraft, and having Jeppesen NavData and charts already loaded at the time of delivery allows our customers to take the skies immediately,” said Walter Da Costa, Global Sales & Marketing director, Tecnam. “This truly is a turn-key service that adds a personal touch and a high level of service provided for those to purchase new Tecnam aircraft.”  In addition to Jeppesen navigation data, Tecnam aircraft equipped with Garmin G1000 avionics will receive a PilotPak data bundle that also includes supplemental databases, including obstacle, terrain, SafeTaxi and airport diagrams. “This strategic alliance with Tecnam truly simplifies the aircraft purchase process, by eliminating the requirement for customers to go through the data purchase process on their own,” said Reggie Arsenault, director, Jeppesen General Aviation Client Management. “New Tecnam aircraft owners can rest assured that they will be able to fly immediately, with trusted Jeppesen charts and data to guide them safely and efficiently to their destinations.” Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. For more information on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com.   For more information on the multiple certified general aviation aircraft manufactured by Tecnam, please visit www.tecnam.com.    About Jeppesen: For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About TECNAM; “Quality Aircraft since 1948”: TECNAM’s roots go all the way back to the Italian brothers Luigi and Giovanni Pascale who began to develop and produce innovative aircraft soon after the end of WWII. Since those early beginnings, the family has continued to create original models, first gaining worldwide recognition under the name Partenavia, which translates as ” Naples Aviation”. Costruzioni Aeronautiche TECNAM was established in March 1986 and now operates in three production facilities. The Casoria facility is located adjacent to Naples’ Capodichino Airport while the main factory is next to the “Oreste Salomone” Airport in Capua. Recently a new facility was established in Sebring, Florida, USA to serve and support the needs of Tecnam’s North American-based owners and operators.  Media Contact Jeppesen: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com Tecnam Media contact: Stefano Mavilio +39 329 377 24 55 s.mavilio@tecnam.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PTC Taps CloudVelox to Accelerate Hybrid Cloud Adoption & Data Center Consolidation Next PostNext Global Commercial Luminaire Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts Search Recent Posts James Hardie Announces Adjusted Net Operating Profit of US$54.6 Million for Q4 Fiscal Year 2017 and US$248.6 Million for the Full Year Ended 31 March 2017 Global Fuel Cells Market – studied in detail with Influencing Factors, Uses, Applications, Key players, Trends and Forecasts 2017-2021 with growing CAGR Home Decorative Material Market – Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand, forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Hyaluronic Acid Products Market Is Expected To Reach USD 10,901.5 Mn By 2022, Expanding At A CAGR Of 8.1% From 2016 To 2022: Credence Research Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Devices Market Is Expected To Reach USD 3,634.5 Mn By 2024, Expanding At A CAGR Of 6.8% From 2016 To 2024: Credence Research Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 36-52 We set you thinking Thursday 18 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Australian tax chief faces charges after son's cars, guns and money fraud romp 1495088633 World South Korea prepares for summit with United States: ministry 1495087373 World Erdogan says Turkey will act if Syrian Kurdish militia attacks: media 1495087213 World South Korea's Moon joins protest song at commemoration in nod to liberal values 1495082669 Business Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised 1495086941 World ‘Too intense,’ Najib says of dialogue where fight broke out 1495087560 China&India Chinese officials set to ban sale of dog meat at annual festival 1495086360 Singapore NDP tickets available from May 23; one more preview show added 1495084800 Lifestyle This local beauty brand is helmed by a 17-year-old 1495083360 Business MAS finalising plans to lease aircraft from third party 1495084914 China&India China is reluctant to blame North Korea, its ally, for WannaCry 1495083717 World Brazil president taped discussing pay-off for witness in graft probe: O Globo 1495083344 Business Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers 1495083124 Entertainment DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix 1495083414 World LGBT pride march in private Malaysia university cancelled after Islamist pressure 1495083122 Daily Focus Asians say they back breastfeeding...yet harassment persists 1495081260 World As Mao Shan Wang durians, pineapples head for China, prices to rise in Malaysia 1495082220 China&India With Chinese tourism down, Taiwan looks to lure visitors from South-east Asia 1495082213 World Philippines declines aid from Europe to assert independence: official 1495080808 World 'Bobby Three Sticks' Mueller to probe Russia-Trump imbroglio 1495080882 World Former FBI chief Mueller appointed to probe Trump-Russia ties 1495079131 Singapore Spend your NS50 vouchers at over 6,000 outlets 1495079280 World Trump team knew of Flynn inquiry before hiring him 1495077960 Business Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant 1495064479 Singapore Singapore 3rd in the world for life expectancy: WHO report 1495077720 World U.S. decries Washington brawl during Turkish president's visit 1495077332 Singapore 8,748 HDB flats launched in latest BTO and SBF exercise 1495074240 Business Oil prices dip as supply remains ample despite output cuts 1495076139 World Mexico president heads to Guatemala to discuss migration, extradition 1495074236 World Support for Macron's party grows before French parliamentary election: poll 1495074033 World How to protect yourself from ransomware attacks 1495072612 World Special prosecutor creation seen easing U.S. Congress partisanship: Senator Cornyn 1495071805 World Factbox: Ex-FBI Director Mueller draws praise as special counsel on Russia probe 1495071805 World What we know about U.S. probes of Russian meddling in 2016 election 1495071805 World House leader McCarthy suggested Trump on Putin payroll: Washington Post 1495071805 World Brazil president taped discussing payments to potential witness: sources 1495071271 World Brazil's president denies authorizing payments to silence politician 1495070019 World Factbox: U.S. Justice Department's special counsel probe of Russia 1495069888 World Petrobras, Vale ADRs plunge after new Brazil corruption allegations 1495070019 Voices Invention is key to Orchard Road’s tourism appeal 1495070514 World Scuffle breaks out between comedian and film director in front of Najib 1495068660 World Trexit? Online bettors play early end to Trump presidency 1495069014 Business U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions 1495068535 Business U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet 1495067650 World Ivanka Trump chided by group alleging US$1-an-hour pay in Chinese factories 1495067814 World Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties 1495067813 World Leaders of China, South Korea could meet as early as July at G20 meeting: South Korea envoy 1495067186 Business Singtel Q4 profit up 1.8% helped by broadband, mobile data services 1495067515 World US admiral in ‘Fat Leonard’ navy scandal sentenced to 18 months 1495065720 Entertainment ‘Resident Evil’ lays zombies to rest after 15 grisly years 1495066611 Business U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet A Bombardier logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:20 AM, May 18, 2017 Updated: 8:40 AM, May 18, 2017 WASHINGTON - U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's <BA.N> unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier <BBDb.TO>, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N>. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer <EMBR3.SA>. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines <UAL.N>, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Western Digital takes legal action to block sale of Toshiba's chip unit Western banks eclipsed by China's along the new Silk Road Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Inside Today World Australian tax chief faces charges after son's cars, guns and money fraud romp ‘Too intense,’ Najib says of dialogue where fight broke out South Korea prepares for summit with United States: ministry Erdogan says Turkey will act if Syrian Kurdish militia attacks: media Brazil president taped discussing pay-off for witness in graft probe: O Globo Business Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised MAS finalising plans to lease aircraft from third party Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers Oil prices dip as supply remains ample despite output cuts U.S. preparing to sue Fiat Chrysler over excess diesel emissions Sports DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix Li Jiawei wants to groom the next table tennis star Cut in Games events, facility woes hit Singapore shooting hard Sharapova vows to rise again after French Open snub Garena Young Lions head coach Selvaraj quits post for ‘family reasons’ Entertainment DJ Calvin Harris to close 2017 Singapore Grand Prix ‘Resident Evil’ lays zombies to rest after 15 grisly years Say 'teng bong' to S'pore's first Kristang language festival Additional tickets for Amei World Tour in June for sale on Thursday Interactive art to feature at new kids’ Biennale About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading US to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search US to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Advertisement Business US to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier , a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc . A Bombardier logo is pictured on the company booth during the European Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition (EBACE) at Cointrin airport in Geneva, Switzerland, May 24, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse 18 May 2017 05:15AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WASHINGTON: U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier , a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc . The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market, and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. The new Canadian aircraft competes with Boeing's 737-700 and 737 MAX 7 jets. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. Advertisement Advertisement "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer . A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines , had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" US$19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of US$33.2 million. Boeing's similarly sized 737-700 model has a current list price of US$82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at US$92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated US$5.6 billion based on the list price of about US$71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a US$2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Writing by David Lawder; Editing by Bill Rigby and Leslie Adler) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman US Civil Aircraft Shipments to Reach $98.3 billion in 2021 Advances will be driven by rising demand for air travel in developing regions CLEVELAND, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- US civil aircraft shipments are forecast to reach $98.3 billion in 2021, according to Civil Aircraft: United States, a report recently released by Freedonia Focus Reports. Continued gains in world GDP, particularly in developing regions, are projected to boost US civil aircraft production. The US civil aircraft industry is highly reliant on export markets, and hence a growing world economy represents a major driver of US production. Rising incomes in developing regions such as Asia and Africa boost demand for air transport services, which supports US aircraft orders. For instance, Boeing reports that Juneyao Airlines – a Chinese operator – ordered five 787-9 aircraft in February 2017, while SpiceJet – an Indian airline – ordered 100 737 aircraft in January 2017. However, domestic producers face significant competition from foreign firms. For example, Boeing competes with Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier. In addition, a number of countries (eg, Russia, China) are attempting to create or further cultivate aerospace industries. The existence of competitive modes of transport, such as high-speed rail in Europe and Asia, also constrains demand. These and other key insights are featured in Civil Aircraft: United States. This report forecasts US civil aircraft shipments and demand in US dollars at the manufacturers' level to 2021. Total shipments are segmented by product in terms of: transport jet business jet helicopter turboprop piston The scope of this report covers new, completed civil aircraft. Excluded are sales of used aircraft as well as sales of individual engines and other parts. Unpowered aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles (or drones), military aircraft, and space vehicles are also excluded. To illustrate historical trends, total shipments, total demand, the various shipment segments, and trade are provided in annual series from 2006 to 2016. More information about the report is available at https://www.freedoniafocusreports.com/Civil-Aircraft-United-States-10829511/  About Freedonia Focus Reports Each month, The Freedonia Group – a division of MarketResearch.com – publishes over 20 new or updated Freedonia Focus Reports, providing fresh, unbiased analysis on a wide variety of markets and industries. Published in 20-30 pages, Focus Report coverage ranges from raw materials to finished manufactured goods and related services such as freight and construction. Additional Industrials reports can be purchased at www.freedoniafocusreports.com or marketresearch.com. Analysis is intended to guide the busy reader through pertinent topics in rapid succession, including: total historical market size and industry output segmentation by products and markets identification of market drivers, constraints, and key indicators segment-by-segment outlook in five-year forecasts a survey of the supply base suggested resources for further study. Press Contact: Corinne Gangloff +1 440.684.9600 cgangloff@freedoniagroup.com   SOURCE The Freedonia Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Freight, Airlines/Aviation, Surveys, Polls & Research, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Baron & Budd Investigating Potential Lawsuits Regarding PFOS and PFOA Contamination of Drinking Water Next PostNext Lead Stibium Zirconate Titanate Market Research Study including Growth Factors, Types and Application by regions from 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts SBA Names Banner Bank Regional Lender of the Year in Washington; Star Performer in Oregon Innovators, UN discuss using tech to tackle world’s development challenges Educators: 7 ways students can use the new MakeCode release for ‘Minecraft’ OT Partners se asocia con Hoomano para conectar robots de forma segura y desplegar una amplia gama de casos de uso innovadores Cloud Carib Recognized by Palo Alto as a Nextwave Gold Partner Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business U.S. to start probes of Boeing dumping claims against Bombardier jet Add to ... By David Lawder WASHINGTON — Reuters Published Wednesday, May 17, 2017 5:12PM EDT Last updated Wednesday, May 17, 2017 8:35PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co's <BA.N> unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier <BBDb.TO>, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier's new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N>. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier's new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier's cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the "America First" trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. "Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it," said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country's claim that Canada's support for Bombardier's CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer <EMBR3.SA>. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing's claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines <UAL.N>, had offered its planes to the airline at an "absurdly low" $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing's $19.6 million figure as "absurd." Boeing's 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year's Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce's investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday's hearing to oppose Boeing's call for duties. "Delta is no pushover," said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. "They'll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress." (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle, Tim Hepher in Paris, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Allison Lampert in Montreal and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Writing by David Lawder; Editing by Leslie Adler and Bill Trott) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.07 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$178.78 0.00 (0.00%) DAL-NDelta Air Lines Inc Latest Price$47.74 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 17 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Embraer SA William Perry The Boeing Company United States of America Delta Air Lines, Inc. Donald Trump U.S. International Trade Commission Canada U.S. Commerce Department World Trade Organization South America Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country News Trump says he's been treated worse than any politician in history News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Rona Ambrose rallies Tory caucus in farewell speech Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Venezuelan doctors protest against dire medical situation Report on Business Dow tumbles 372 points as Trump drama roils markets News Video: What you need to know about the three main arms of Russia’s intelligence apparatus News Lawmakers demand FBI hand over Comey memo News Video: Aga Khan says to embrace differences at opening of Global Centre for Pluralism News Mueller appointed as special counsel to lead Trump-Russia probe Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor If the aging bull market makes you nervous, consider these tips Arts Crowdfunding campaign raises more than $30,000 for Indigenous writers’ award Most popular Managing editor of CBC’s The National reassigned after cultural appropriation controversy Globe editorial: Donald Trump keeps finding ways to make America worse Brazil political crisis deepens as President Temer reportedly taped arranging bribe May 18: Your daily horoscope BC Green Leader Andrew Weaver prepares for faceoff against Christy Clark X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) U.S. opens probes into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Add to ... David Lawder WASHINGTON — Reuters Published Wednesday, May 17, 2017 5:06PM EDT Last updated Wednesday, May 17, 2017 8:36PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co’s unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier’s new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Boeing alleges that Bombardier’s new 100-150 seat CSeries jetliners are being dumped below cost in the U.S. market and are unfairly subsidized by Canadian taxpayers. Delta agreed last year to buy dozens of CSeries planes at a price that Boeing says was well below Bombardier’s cost and risks eroding future sales of its 737 and new 737 MAX narrowbodies. Bombardier has countered that the petition would have a serious impact on airlines, innovation and competition in the aerospace industry. The case has increased trade tensions between the United States and Canada - along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products - as both countries prepare for a possible renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement under the “America First” trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. The Commerce Department is expected to proceed with the antidumping and antisubsidy claims, trade lawyers and experts said. “Commerce is going to go forward, there’s no doubt about it,” said William Perry, a Seattle-based trade lawyer and a former USITC staff attorney. The investigation is the latest to hit Bombardier after Brazil launched a trade dispute against Canada at the World Trade Organization, similarly alleging unfair competition. Brazilian officials welcomed the U.S. probe as support to the South America country’s claim that Canada’s support for Bombardier’s CSeries undercuts the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer. A Commerce Department investigation into Boeing’s claims could be cut short if the USITC rejects it in a vote expected on June 12. If the trade body allows the probe to continue, the Commerce Department would then need to determine any preliminary anti-subsidy duties by around July 22, with a deadline for preliminary anti-dumping duties around Oct. 3. The Commerce Department last month began collecting duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber, saying that the product’s origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy. Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier, determined to win a key order from Delta after losing a competition at United Airlines, had offered its planes to the airline at an “absurdly low” $19.6 million each, well below what it described as the aircraft’s production cost of $33.2 million. Bombardier has dismissed Boeing’s $19.6 million figure as “absurd.” Boeing’s 737-700 model, similar in size to the larger CSeries CS300 jet, has a current list price of $82.4 million, with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $92.2 million. Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry. Boeing has said it competed for last year’s Delta order against the CSeries CS100 with used 717s, which it no longer makes, and used jets from Embraer since Delta was only ready to pay a low price and wanted smaller jets than its more modern 737. In April 2016, Bombardier won the Delta order, its biggest yet, for 75 CS100 jets, worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. In its complaint against Bombardier, Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada, Quebec and Britain, or a $2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015. If Commerce’s investigation finds that duties on the Bombardier aircraft are warranted, those would likely be imposed on Delta. Representatives for the airline are scheduled to appear at Thursday’s hearing to oppose Boeing’s call for duties. “Delta is no pushover,” said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow and trade expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said of the Atlanta-based carrier. “They’ll have the Georgia delegation behind them, and likely a lot of others in Congress.” Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Video: Lift off: Bombardier's new C Series takes first commercial flight (The Globe and Mail)   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.07 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$178.78 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 17 4:01 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story MIKE NADOLSKI Boeing’s protectionist push would be felt by consumers and carriers across the world analysis As Boeing attacks, Bombardier gets a taste of the big leagues Bombardier snared in U.S. trade fight as Boeing takes aim at C Series aircraft Topics The Boeing Company U.S. International Trade Commission Bombardier Inc. Aerospace U.S. Commerce Department Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country News Trump says he's been treated worse than any politician in history News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Rona Ambrose rallies Tory caucus in farewell speech Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Venezuelan doctors protest against dire medical situation Report on Business Dow tumbles 372 points as Trump drama roils markets News Video: What you need to know about the three main arms of Russia’s intelligence apparatus News Lawmakers demand FBI hand over Comey memo News Video: Aga Khan says to embrace differences at opening of Global Centre for Pluralism News Mueller appointed as special counsel to lead Trump-Russia probe Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor If the aging bull market makes you nervous, consider these tips Arts Crowdfunding campaign raises more than $30,000 for Indigenous writers’ award Most popular Managing editor of CBC’s The National reassigned after cultural appropriation controversy Globe editorial: Donald Trump keeps finding ways to make America worse Brazil political crisis deepens as President Temer reportedly taped arranging bribe May 18: Your daily horoscope BC Green Leader Andrew Weaver prepares for faceoff against Christy Clark X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman US Civil Aircraft Shipments to Reach $98.3 billion in 2021 CLEVELAND, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — US civil aircraft shipments are forecast to reach $98.3 billion in 2021, according to Civil Aircraft: United States, a report recently released by Freedonia Focus Reports. Continued gains in world GDP, particularly in developing regions, are projected to boost US civil aircraft production. The US civil aircraft industry is highly reliant on export markets, and hence a growing world economy represents a major driver of US production. Rising incomes in developing regions such as Asia and Africa boost demand for air transport services, which supports US aircraft orders. For instance, Boeing reports that Juneyao Airlines – a Chinese operator – ordered five 787-9 aircraft in February 2017, while SpiceJet – an Indian airline – ordered 100 737 aircraft in January 2017. However, domestic producers face significant competition from foreign firms. For example, Boeing competes with Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier. In addition, a number of countries (eg, Russia, China) are attempting to create or further cultivate aerospace industries. The existence of competitive modes of transport, such as high-speed rail in Europe and Asia, also constrains demand. These and other key insights are featured in Civil Aircraft: United States. This report forecasts US civil aircraft shipments and demand in US dollars at the manufacturers’ level to 2021. Total shipments are segmented by product in terms of: The scope of this report covers new, completed civil aircraft. Excluded are sales of used aircraft as well as sales of individual engines and other parts. Unpowered aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles (or drones), military aircraft, and space vehicles are also excluded. To illustrate historical trends, total shipments, total demand, the various shipment segments, and trade are provided in annual series from 2006 to 2016. More information about the report is available at https://www.freedoniafocusreports.com/Civil-Aircraft-United-States-10829511/  About Freedonia Focus Reports Each month, The Freedonia Group – a division of MarketResearch.com – publishes over 20 new or updated Freedonia Focus Reports, providing fresh, unbiased analysis on a wide variety of markets and industries. Published in 20-30 pages, Focus Report coverage ranges from raw materials to finished manufactured goods and related services such as freight and construction. Additional Industrials reports can be purchased at www.freedoniafocusreports.com or marketresearch.com. Analysis is intended to guide the busy reader through pertinent topics in rapid succession, including: Press Contact: Corinne Gangloff +1 440.684.9600 cgangloff@freedoniagroup.com   SOURCE The Freedonia Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 50 U.S. Governors Join AJC Initiative to Support Israel, Fight BDS Next PostNext Botulism Market Overview, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Laser Processing Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Laser Processing Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Laser Processing Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 UC Riverside and SoCalGas Announce Opening of New Research Center UC Riverside and SoCalGas Announce Opening of New Research Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi US Civil Aircraft Shipments to Reach $98.3 billion in 2021 Advances will be driven by rising demand for air travel in developing regions News provided by The Freedonia Group 17 May, 2017, 16:50 ET Share this article CLEVELAND, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- US civil aircraft shipments are forecast to reach $98.3 billion in 2021, according to Civil Aircraft: United States, a report recently released by Freedonia Focus Reports. Continued gains in world GDP, particularly in developing regions, are projected to boost US civil aircraft production. The US civil aircraft industry is highly reliant on export markets, and hence a growing world economy represents a major driver of US production. Rising incomes in developing regions such as Asia and Africa boost demand for air transport services, which supports US aircraft orders. For instance, Boeing reports that Juneyao Airlines – a Chinese operator – ordered five 787-9 aircraft in February 2017, while SpiceJet – an Indian airline – ordered 100 737 aircraft in January 2017. However, domestic producers face significant competition from foreign firms. For example, Boeing competes with Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier. In addition, a number of countries (eg, Russia, China) are attempting to create or further cultivate aerospace industries. The existence of competitive modes of transport, such as high-speed rail in Europe and Asia, also constrains demand. These and other key insights are featured in Civil Aircraft: United States. This report forecasts US civil aircraft shipments and demand in US dollars at the manufacturers' level to 2021. Total shipments are segmented by product in terms of: transport jet business jet helicopter turboprop piston The scope of this report covers new, completed civil aircraft. Excluded are sales of used aircraft as well as sales of individual engines and other parts. Unpowered aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles (or drones), military aircraft, and space vehicles are also excluded. To illustrate historical trends, total shipments, total demand, the various shipment segments, and trade are provided in annual series from 2006 to 2016. More information about the report is available at https://www.freedoniafocusreports.com/Civil-Aircraft-United-States-10829511/  About Freedonia Focus Reports Each month, The Freedonia Group – a division of MarketResearch.com – publishes over 20 new or updated Freedonia Focus Reports, providing fresh, unbiased analysis on a wide variety of markets and industries. Published in 20-30 pages, Focus Report coverage ranges from raw materials to finished manufactured goods and related services such as freight and construction. Additional Industrials reports can be purchased at www.freedoniafocusreports.com or marketresearch.com. Analysis is intended to guide the busy reader through pertinent topics in rapid succession, including: total historical market size and industry output segmentation by products and markets identification of market drivers, constraints, and key indicators segment-by-segment outlook in five-year forecasts a survey of the supply base suggested resources for further study. Press Contact: Corinne Gangloff +1 440.684.9600 cgangloff@freedoniagroup.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-civil-aircraft-shipments-to-reach-983-billion-in-2021-300459612.html SOURCE The Freedonia Group Related Links https://www.freedoniagroup.com/ 17 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: Food Markets for Converted Flexible Packaging to Reach $15.5 Billion My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 16 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Food Markets for Converted Flexible Packaging to Reach $15.5... 16 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Global Bus Demand to Grow Nearly 5% Annually Through 2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Industry Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: US Civil Aircraft Shipments to Reach $98.3 billion in 2021 News provided by The Freedonia Group 17 May, 2017, 16:50 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Russian Rocket Chief Throws Some Shade on Elon Musk's Moon Plan By Douglas Messier, Space.com Contributor | May 17, 2017 04:25pm ET MORE The head of Russia's most prominent spaceflight company questioned whether Elon Musk's SpaceX will be able to launch people around the moon next year and said Russia plans to revive tourism flights to the International Space Station (ISS) by 2020. "As for the state of affairs specifically at Elon Musk's company, it would be difficult to carry out such a mission in 2018, and even in 2020," Vladimir Solntsev, general director of RSC Energia, the primary contractor for Russia's human spaceflight program, said in a wide-ranging Q&A with the Russian news agency TASS.  "Nobody has yet even seen the designs. There’s no launch vehicle, no spacecraft," Solntsev added. "The Crew Dragon spacecraft designed for missions to the ISS and Falcon 9 launch vehicle are a far cry from a spacecraft and a rocket that are needed for a mission towards the moon." [How SpaceX's Lofty 2018 Moon Flight Will Work] Musk has said the circumlunar flight will be launched in 2018 using a larger Falcon Heavy booster that is composed of three Falcon 9 first stages. The Falcon Heavy is set to make its maiden flight later this year. Artist's illustration of SpaceX's Dragon capsule headed toward the moon. The company aims to launch two paying passengers on a mission around the moon in late 2018. Credit: SpaceX/NASA/edited by @SteveSpaleta   SpaceX has been quietly developing plans for the lunar flight for several years, but the company has revealed few details of the plan publicly. RSC Energia has been working for years on launching a similar mission that would use a modified Soyuz spacecraft, but the schedule for the flight has been delayed many times. Solntsev said RSC Energia has the advantage of a human-rated booster and spacecraft. "I think that they [potential customers] still trust us more," he told TASS. "We have 141 manned launches under our belt. Competition is useful; it provides a good motivation to improve a project for the benefit of the customers." Solntsev also said he expects NASA to exercise options it has for three Soyuz seats for ISS flights in 2019, because of delays experienced by Boeing and SpaceX in fielding new vehicles under NASA's Commercial Crew Program. RSC Energia provided five Soyuz seats to Boeing to sell as part of the settlement of a lawsuit over the Sea Launch venture, in which the two companies are partners. NASA purchased two seats from Boeing for flights in 2017 and 2018, and it has options on the other three seats if commercial crew flights are delayed. "At the same time, we are now in talks with potential clients, and we believe that even in the unlikely case of NASA not taking up the option, we will be able to find those who wish to fly to the ISS in 2019," Solntsev said. Russia plans to continue to fly four Soyuz spacecraft per year, which are currently needed to maintain crew on the space station, after Boeing and SpaceX begin to fly crew to the space station, he added. The Soyuz flights will be split between government and commercial missions. Russia will use the flights to revive a program to fly tourists to the ISS. Between 2001 and 2009, seven wealthy individuals flew a total of eight times to the space station. The program was put on hold when space shuttle flights ended in 2011, leaving Soyuz as the only spacecraft capable of flying crews to the ISS. Solntsev said RSC Energia is working on a plan to squeeze more revenue out of these flights. "In 2018, we are planning to try flying without the flight engineer on board, and from 2019, we are planning to make it the standard operational practice," he said. "There will be one commander on board to provide spacecraft control, and two spaceflight participants." Russia plans to use Soyuz to fly cosmonauts to the ISS until 2024, which is the current date for decommissioning the station, Solntsev said. A larger crew vehicle named Federation (Federatsiya) that's capable of carrying four to six cosmonauts and flying lunar missions is set to enter service at about the same time. Solntsev also revealed that officials are considering developing an automated variant of the Soyuz that would be capable of returning cargo to Earth. Russia's Progress freighter lacks a return capability. You can read an English translation of Solntsev's entire TASS interview here: http://www.energia.ru/en/news/news-2017/news_05-02_1.html. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations SpaceX to the Moon - 2018 a Lofty Goal? | Video SpaceX's Dragon V2 Manned Spacecraft: How it Works (Infographic) Why Go Back To The Moon? Retracing The Last Footsteps | Video Top 10 Soviet and Russian Space Missions Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular First Full Star Trek: Discovery Trailer How Many Stars Are In The Universe? Human-Made Radio Bubble Shields Earth from Radiation | Video Cold-War Era Blasts Impacted Space Weather | Video A Cubesat Packed with Cremated Remains Slotted for SpaceX Rideshare Mission HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Spaceflight buys Rocket Lab Electron launch for a small satellite sampler Jury sides with T-Mobile in federal lawsuit over theft of ‘Tappy’ robot technology by Huawei UW names Rob Adams to replace Connie Bourassa-Shaw as head of Buerk Center for Entrepreneurship New app from MedBridge aims to help patients keep on top of rehabilitation therapy Canadian PM Justin Trudeau rocks Microsoft CEO Summit: Why snooping on VIPs is getting harder GeekWork Picks: Zipwhip seeks Operations Engineer to grow network infrastructure for text messaging platform Seattle nonprofit to battle cancer in Africa with help from biotech industry GeekWire Deals: Build a career with the System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle Walk the plank, Pokèmon! New AR game ‘Captain Blimey’ promises huge digital treasure hunt New Seattle apartment building has ties back to Paul Allen, Bill Gates and computer programming How Sheryl Sandberg’s Facebook policy changes are rippling through the tech industry ‘First date from hell’: Texas man sues woman he met online after she texts during movie Digital health startup Conversa raises $8M, plans to scale up Portland office Alaska Airlines plans flights from Everett’s Paine Field to dodge Sea-Tac traffic jam The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Google launches powerful new Cloud TPU machine-learning chips for Google Cloud Platform Google Assistant coming to iPhone, escalating competition with Siri, Alexa and Cortana Pearl Jam’s Mike McCready to discuss new book of Polaroid photos in release event at Seattle’s KEXP Report: Amazon is recruiting healthcare experts in bid for lucrative pharmaceutical industry BMW’s ReachNow tests higher price for ride-hailing service, preparing to challenge Uber and Lyft 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Former Bitly CMO returns to Seattle, creates VC fund to provide NW startups with more early-stage cash Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Seattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports Warning: Elon Musk posts dizzying views of his first tunnel boring tests in L.A. Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Trending: The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Space & Science Alaska Airlines plans flights from Everett’s Paine Field to dodge Sea-Tac traffic jam by Alan Boyle on May 17, 2017 at 10:58 amMay 17, 2017 at 11:27 am Comments  3 Share  378 Tweet Share  12 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! An artist’s conception shows the passenger terminal that’s planned for Everett’s Paine Field. (Propeller Airports Illustration) Bugged by I-5 traffic to Sea-Tac? Alaska Airlines is promising a work-around: The Seattle-based airline says it will start running regularly scheduled passenger flights out of Everett’s Paine Field starting next year. “As our region continues to grow at a record pace, and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to our valued guests living in the North Sound,” Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden said today in a news release. “Today’s news means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time enjoying your vacation or making the most of your business trip.” Alaska said it would offer nine daily flights from Paine Field, using Boeing 737s and Embraer 175 regional jets, subject to government approvals. “We’re not quite ready to share details of the routes,” John Kirby, Alaska’s vice president of capacity planning, said in an airline blog posting. “But I can tell you they won’t be limited to short, regional flights. We’re talking daily, nonstop flights to some of our most popular destinations.” That implies the list will include Portland, Ore., as well as the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles in California. Paine Field, which is about 20 miles north of Seattle, doesn’t currently offer scheduled passenger service. Instead, the Snohomish County airport is used primarily for Boeing test flights and deliveries, as well as maintenance stopovers and general aviation. Boeing’s Everett factory is basically next door. Construction is due to begin next month on a passenger terminal for Paine Field, as part of a development project managed by Propeller Airports. Alaska is expected to provide further information on its future routes as the project heads toward completion next year. When the terminal is finished, its two gates are expected to accommodate up to 20 departures a day, which means Alaska is likely to be the airport’s highest-profile passenger carrier. Snohomish & North King County residents will have new nonstop flight options. Paine Field flights on the horizon. https://t.co/5ZVpG1VKU6 pic.twitter.com/6Qsyte5RJU — Alaska Airlines (@AlaskaAir) May 17, 2017 Passenger traffic has been sharply rising at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, amounting to more than 45.7 million people last year. Traffic congestion along the 13-mile stretch of I-5 between Seattle and Sea-Tac has been on the rise as well. Shifting some of that traffic northward to Everett could ease the backup, particularly for travelers north of Seattle’s core. Rush-hour traffic statistics indicate that, under current conditions, it would take less time to drive from Seattle’s Northgate Mall to Paine Field than it would to drive to Sea-Tac. In today’s blog posting, Alaska Airlines highlighted the case of George Tsoukalas, a Snohomish County resident and “Million Miler” business traveler. Tsoukalas said he occasionally flies out of Bellingham, 90 miles north of Seattle, to avoid the Sea-Tac traffic jam. “It’s not just the traffic driving through Seattle, but the inconsistency of it,” Tsoukalas was quoted as saying. “Some days it might take me 40 minutes to drive to the airport, other days it takes 70 minutes.” GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 3 Share  378 Tweet Share  12 Reddit Email Previous StoryThe 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Next StoryDigital health startup Conversa raises $8M, plans to scale up Portland office Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: Alaska Airlines • Aviation • Everett • Paine Field • Sea-Tac Airport • Travel GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Another boost for biofuel: Waste wood helps power Alaska Airlines commercial jet From Seattle to L.A. to Havana with love: Alaska Air makes a historic flight to Cuba Alaska Airlines breaks ties with Delta after hooking up with Virgin America Storm’s one-two punch starts hitting Northwest: The big blow is on for Saturday Previous StoryThe 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Next StoryDigital health startup Conversa raises $8M, plans to scale up Portland office Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Build a career with the System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle GeekWire Deals: Reach advanced levels of Linux mastery in one course bundle Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. User Interface DesignerKenworth Truck Company Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > MRO > MRO Briefs-May 16, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 16, 2017 May 17, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: A look inside Lufthansa Technik's Frankfurt MRO facility Advertisement OEMServices has a 15-year Asiana Airlines contract to provide Airbus A350-900 component support. AFI KLM E&M extended component support deal with Malaysia Airlines for 54 Boeing 737NGs. AFI KLM E&M also has a Congo Airways contract to perform C Checks on two Airbus A320s at Casablanca, Morocco at its Aerotechnic Industries joint venture facility with Royal Air Maroc. FL Technics signed a contract with Russia’s Nordavia to provide CAMO services for its Boeing 737CL aircraft. AJW has contracted with Modern Logistics to provide PBH component support for its Boeing 737-400Fs. Epcor was selected by Kenya Airways for APU support for Boeing 737NGs, 787s and Embraer E190s. AerFin agreed to acquire 15 Embraer E170s, plus spares inventory, from Saudi Arabian Airlines. Kapco Global acquired Germany’s D+C-Airparts Battery In Europe. Airbus has a UPS contract to upgrade 52 Airbus A300-600Fs with new Honeywell avionics. Astronova was selected to supply ToughWriter 5 flight deck printers for the COMAC C919. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles MRO Briefs-May 4, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 9, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 2, 2017 MRO Briefs-May 26, 2016   MRO Digest News Briefs May 11, 2016   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ז בעומר   |   Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Israel Israel Braces for Huge Trump Convoy Israel Braces for Huge Trump Convoy By Shmuel Smith Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 3:38 pm | כ"א אייר תשע"ז President Donald Trump boarding Air Force One last month. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File) YERUSHALAYIM - While political issues have been making headlines ahead of President Trump’s visit to Israel, the sheer logistics of the visit is getting a share of the local media coverage, as well. When President Trump lands at Ben Gurion Airport on Monday, he will not be alone. Not only does he come in Air Force One — a highly customized Boeing 747-200B — with the immediate presidential entourage, he comes in two Air Force Ones. Besides that, a huge air convoy of some 40 transport planes carrying everything that a 21st century American president needs to travel in security and comfort. More than 25 gigantic Boeing C-17s are coming, plus two C-5’s to provide the delegation with a full complement of helicopters, armored vehicles and an immense cargo of logistical paraphernalia. Included will be a steel-plated limousine nicknamed ‘The Beast’ (actually, a small fleet of “beasts”) to take the president around. Its state-of-the-art security features a seal to protect passengers in the event of a biological or chemical attack. Upon President Trump’s arrival on Monday morning, an official welcoming ceremony will require Ben Gurion Airport to suspend departures and landings for about half an hour. The airport authority says that flight scheduling have already taken the ceremony into account, and no delays are expected. Filed under: Donald Trump Print Email Gmail Related Trump Says ‘Cancel Order’ on New Boeing Air Force One Plane Boeing CEO Sees “Near Term” Plane Deal After Trump Meeting Trump Makes Unannounced Trip to Honor Fallen Navy SEAL Report: President Trump Set to Visit Israel in May Diplomatic Sources Deny Reports Israel Asked President Trump to Delay Visit More in Israel Why Trump Won’t Be Going to the Knesset Two Attempted Lynchings in Shomron Knesset Acts to Plug Leaks Report: Economic Incentives for Palestinians Friedman Says Construction Halt Not a Precondition to Peace Talks OP-ED Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare A Matter of Influence The Firing of James Comey Let the Ears Hear What the Mouth Is Saying The Only Thing That Matters Features Nichum Aveilim 21 Iyar/May 17 This Day In History 21 Iyar/May 17 What Color Is English? ID Required Sudoku – May 17, 2017 World of Wonders – May 16, 2017 The Odd Side – May 16, 2017 This Day In History 20 Iyar/May 16 Nichum Aveilim 20 Iyar/May 16 Editorial Cartoon – May 16, 2017 Sudoku – May 16, 2017 Circular Reasoning This Day In History 19 Iyar/May 15 Nichum Aveilim 19 Iyar/May 15 Weather » Brooklyn 84°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8956 GBP 0.7705 ILS 3.6099 CHF 0.9785 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
rtrfssbqvefazf Military  &  Aerospace  Electronics Intelligent  Aerospace Innovators  Awards     X Subscribe | Advertise | About | Contact   COMPUTERSCYBERUNMANNEDSENSORSRF/ANALOGPOWERCOMMUNICATIONSTEST Home About Us Advertise Article Archives Contact Us Jobs Newsletters Subscribe Topics Adhesives & Encapsulants Aviation Technology C4ISR Cyber Security Electro-Optics Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing High-Reliability Electronics Interconnect Technology Land Technology Power Electronics RF & Microwave Sea Technology Space Technology Test & Measurement Topic Index Unmanned Vehicles Departments Curated Content Defense Executive Events Farnborough Report Headlines Life in the Military Mil & Aero Commentary Mil & Aero Wiki New Products News & Analysis Only in Mil & Aero Paris Air Show Report Press Releases Product Applications Product Focus Rapid Fire The Last Word Video Magazine BPA Statement Digital Magazine Edition Past Issues 2017 Editorial Calendar 2017 Media Kit Webcasts White Papers eBooks Buyer's Guide Categories Companies Products Get Listed Update Your Listing Videos 2016 Innovators Awards Video Showcase AUVSI Video Showcase Mobile Subscribe Computers Cyber Unmanned Sensors RF/Analog Power Communication Test   Home About Us Advertise Article Archives Contact Us Jobs Newsletters Subscribe Topics Adhesives & Encapsulants Aviation Technology C4ISR Cyber Security Electro-Optics Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing High-Reliability Electronics Interconnect Technology Land Technology Power Electronics RF & Microwave Sea Technology Space Technology Test & Measurement Topic Index Unmanned Vehicles Departments Curated Content Defense Executive Events Farnborough Report Headlines Life in the Military Mil & Aero Commentary Mil & Aero Wiki New Products News & Analysis Only in Mil & Aero Paris Air Show Report Press Releases Product Applications Product Focus Rapid Fire The Last Word Video Magazine BPA Statement Digital Magazine Edition Past Issues 2017 Editorial Calendar 2017 Media Kit Webcasts White Papers eBooks Buyer's Guide Categories Companies Products Get Listed Update Your Listing Videos 2016 Innovators Awards Video Showcase AUVSI Video Showcase Mobile Home Boeing and Air Force demonstrate new airborne networking system for fighter jets Boeing and Air Force demonstrate new airborne networking system for fighter jets May 17, 2017 ST. LOUIS – The Boeing Co. and the U.S. Air Force say they’ve shown that a new type of communication pod for F-15 fighter jets, known as Talon HATE, can link together different types of aircraft and ground stations for secure communications. GekWire reports. Continue reading original article The Military & Aerospace Electronics take: 17 May 2017 -- The Boeing-developed airborne networking system is designed to knit together the communication systems aboard F-15 jets and other traditional weapons systems, plus the F-22 stealth fighters built for the Air Force by Lockheed Martin. The F-22 uses a special type of networking system that’s optimized for stealthiness but poses a challenge for communication with non-stealth airplanes, as explained in this report from Foxtrot Alpha. During a flight demonstration conducted out of Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, Talon HATE pods on two F-15C aircraft enabled test pilots to share information through a variety of channels, including the Wideband Global SATCOM system. Related: ATCorp to build SWaP-optimized airborne networking router prototypes for carrier-based aircraft Related: Raytheon networking technology to enable seamless airborne communications among manned, unmanned aircraft Related: Network-centric warfare airborne military communications links approved for deployment John Keller, chief editor Military & Aerospace Electronics Learn more: search the Aerospace & Defense Buyer's Guide for companies, new products, press releases, and videos Read More at GeekWire [Native Advertisement] Sponsored Content is made possible by our sponsor; it does not necessarily reflect the views of our editorial staff. Get All the Military Aerospace Electronics News Delivered to Your Inbox or Your Mailbox Subscribe to Military Aerospace Electronics Magazine or email newsletter today at no cost and receive the latest information on: C4ISR Cyber Security Embedded Computing Unmanned Vehicles Free Newsletter Subscription Free Magazine Subscription Today's Headlines Jointly developed Turkish and Indonesian main battle tank unveiled in Istanbul Embedded computing and data storage for first responders and encrypted data streaming... Firms eye missile defense multi-warhead killer Boeing and Air Force demonstrate new airborne networking system for fighter jets Army continues effort to revitalize heavy battlefield trucks fleet with new orders to... IARPA seeks to image geosynchronous objects for space situational awareness Raytheon to establish software team for UAV multi-spectral sensors Elbit to provide helmet-mounted displays for Navy helicopters Getac makes official the introduction of the company's ZX70 rugged tablet computer Editor's Picks Firms eye missile defense multi-warhead killer Army continues effort to revitalize heavy battlefield trucks fleet with new orders to Oshkosh Is U.S. military C-RAM technology development as efficient as it could be? GE Aviation developing avionics thermal management for future manned and unmanned aircraft BAE Systems to continue upgrading and maintaining long-range early warning missile defense radar Raytheon to integrate high-power electromagnetics (HPEM) into cyber and electronic warfare (EW) 2016 Innovators Awards Video Showcase Wind River Award-Winning ARINC 653 RTOS Wind River® VxWorks® 653 is the leading RTOS for ARINC 653 time/space separated systems and is proven in over 2... Rugged Airframe Cable Assemblies Today more than 75% of microwave cables fail frequently, with about 36% needing to be replaced once a year. GOR... Military & Aerospace Electronics 2016 Innovators Awards Program Platinum Level Winner: V-SHIELD® DC-DC converter packaging The Military & Aerospace Electronics Innovators Awards platinum level recognition is reserved for military ... Phoenix International Systems' RPC24 Ruggedized 2U Removable Magazine RAID is host OS independent and supports RAID 0, 1, 5, 6, 10, 50 and 60 levels... Curtiss-Wright M60 Main Battle Tank Turret Drive System Upgrade Upgrading M60 battle tanks with modern electro-mechanical turret drive systems provides a quick, cost-effective... Applied Avionics, Inc. – LOGIC Component Technology LOGIC Component Technology inside of VIVISUN® lighted pushbutton switches offers over 1,000,000 system integrat... Abaco's AXIS – Advanced Integrated Software Development Tools Recognized with a Gold Award by the Military & Aerospace Electronics Innovator's Awards program AXIS is a complete development environment designed to minimize the cost, risk and time-to-deployment of multi-... Magazine COVER STORY: The challenge of controlling proliferating unmanned aircraft VIEW ISSUE NOW FREE SUBSCRIPTION Life in the Military Life in the Military Buyer's Guide Sponsored Products CRYSTAL 23: qualified multi-mission naval Console STANAG & MIL-STD-810 for surface ships and submarines CRYSTAL-23 is offering an ergonomic rugged working position for the most demanding command and control, fire control or situational awareness applications for surface ships / submarines. CRYSTAL-23 is ideal for systems with remote / local data computing and graphic processing located in the operator workstation. ECRIN Systems introduced during EURONAVAL PARIS in October 2016, its new CRYSTAL-23 naval console. It integrates an ergonomic screen size of 23 '' with a Full HD resolution 1920 x 1080 (16/9). TE Connectivity's (TE) Raychem Interconnect Solutions at ICC Interstate Connecting Components (ICC) is proud to be an authorized distributor for TE's Raychem division. A pioneer in radiation cross-linked polymer insulation, TE manufactures a broad range of electronic components for circuit protection, harnessing, insulation, identification, and more. TE's diverse Raychem portfolio includes connectors, data bus components, solder sleeves, heat shrinkable tubing, wire and cable, terminals and splices, and adhesives. Most of TE’s Raychem products are designed to perform in extreme environments.... 1/2 Featured Buyer's Guide Companies   Browse All Products | Browse All Companies | View Buyer's Guide Digital Edition | Add/Update Company Listing   Related Products There is no current content available. Related Companies There is no current content available. Webcasts Small rugged connectors designed for battlefield conditions Warfighters on the front lines have a lot to worry about, and the connectors linking them to networked radios, wearable computers, displays, weapons sights, and identification-friend-or-foe systems should be something else to worry about... Sponsored by Cinch Connectivity Solutions Fischer Connectors SA Lemo USA Omnetics Connector Corp. New Technologies Transform Software Radio Architectures Several new technologies transforming software radio architecture are being exploited by system designers to overcome tough performance and cost challenges posed by the latest applications. These include higher bandwidth data converters,... Sponsored by Pentek, Inc. National Instruments White Papers & Executive Briefs Accelerating MIL-STD-1553 Technology Insertion MIL-STD-1553 is a military standard that defines a 1 Mbps (megabit per second) multi-drop bus able to connect platform ele... Sponsored by AIM USA Making the Right Choices when Specifying an RF Switching System LET'S FACE IT...Designing an RF switching system can be boring—especially compared to designing the rest of the test syste... Sponsored by Pickering Interfaces Dissecting Rugged Development of COTS FPGA Hardware With the increased use of COTS (Commercial-Off-The-Shelf) hardware in today’s aerospace and defense military systems, prod... Sponsored by Curtiss-Wright Defense Solutions Browse Articles by Topic  Adhesives & Encapsulants  Aviation Technology  C4ISR  Cyber Security  Defense Executive  Electro-Optics  Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing Farnborough Report  High-Reliability Electronics  Interconnect Technology  Land Technology  New Products  News & Analysis Paris Air Show Report Power Electronics  RF & Microwave  Sea Technology  Space Technology  Test & Measurement  Unmanned Vehicles   Mil&Aero Commentary Is U.S. military C-RAM technology development as efficient as it could be? Military & Aerospace Electronics 2017 Innovators Awards to call out technology design solutions Navy pours millions of dollars more into Zumwalt surface warships; is this really a good idea? Today's Newsfeed Embedded computing and data storage for first responders and encrypted data streaming introduced by LCR Global Avionics Systems Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Avionics Sales See Slight Uptick in First Quarter Popular Buyer's Guide Category Searches Board Products Communications Components/Power Electronics/Sensors Computers Diagnostics & Control Electro-Optics Navigation Platform Systems/Subsystems RF & Microwave Safety Equipment & Components Services Software Test & Measurement Thermal Management/Cooling Systems Update or Enhance Your Listing EMAIL NEWSLETTERS SUBSCRIBE NOW Weekly eNewsletter Topics: Industry News Defense Executive Unmanned Vehicles Embedded Computing Electronic Warfare Cyber Security RF & Microwave Test & Measurement Press Releases Bombardier Technical Experts Recognized by Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute (CASI) Esterline Corporation Names Michael Covey to Board of Directors GSI Technology, Inc. to Present at B. Riley & Co.'s 18th Annual Investor Conference on May 24 Press Releases powered by Download Our Apps iPhone iPad Android Follow Us On... Topic Index View Military & Aerospace Electronics articles by topic, A-Z Article Archives View the Military & Aerospace Electronics article archives    . Utility Home Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Topics Adhesives & Encapsulants Aviation Technology C4ISR Cyber Security Electro-Optics Electronic Warfare Embedded Computing High-Reliability Electronics Interconnect Technology Land Technology Power Electronics RF & Microwave Sea Technology Space Technology Test & Measurement Unmanned Vehicles Departments Defense Executive Exclusive Content Farnborough Report Headlines Mil & Aero Commentary Mil & Aero Wiki New Products News & Analysis Paris Air Show Report Print Issue Product Applications Product Focus Rapid Fire The Last Word Video Wire News Aerospace Defense Media Groups Military & Aerospace Electronics Intelligent Aerospace Copyright © 2007-2017 PennWell Corporation, Tulsa, OK. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) Boeing Delivers First 737-8, Updates KC-46A Status, Says Will Build Training Jets in St. Louis Paul Ausick 24/7 Wall St. May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Boeing Co. (BA) announced Tuesday afternoon that it had delivered its first 737 MAX 8 (737-8) to Malindo Air, a subsidiary of Indonesia's Lion Air. This is the first delivery of the latest generation of single-aisle 737 planes from Boeing. The first was delivered to Lufthansa in December 1967. But that was just one of three noteworthy happenings at Boeing on Tuesday. The second was the company's announcement that if it wins the competition to build a new training jet for the U.S. Air Force, it will build the jets in St. Louis, already the home of the company's defense and space division. The company said that building the new T-X trainer — contract valued at around $16 billion — will support about 1,800 jobs. ALSO READ: How Much Does a Boeing 737 MAX Cost? The third piece of news is related to the defense and space division's delivery of the first KC-46A tankers to the U.S. Air Force early next year. The new tanker is based on a Boeing 767-200 commercial jet that has been modified. The tanker still needs to receive its Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) airworthiness certification in the form of an amended type certification (ATC) and a supplemental type certification (STC). According to a report at Aviation Week, the company has completed about 90% of the ATC and 60% of the STC. Without FAA certification, the Air Force will not accept the planes. The 737-8 delivery to Malindo Air comes just a week after Boeing revealed that it had grounded test flights of the plane after finding a defective part in the engine's low-pressure turbine. Because only one supplier had provided the part, Boeing was able to inspect and swap out the faulty part quickly enough to deliver the first plane about a week ahead of the promised date. ALSO READ: Is New Chinese Plane Really a Threat to Boeing? The announcement on where Boeing intends to build the T-X trainer was no particular surprise. What Boeing did not say was how many of the jobs "supported" by the T-X will be new. The St. Louis facility has lost about 2,000 employees over the past decade, according to The Wall Street Journal. Boeing's proposed T-X is a clean-sheet design developed with Saab and will compete against a team made up of Lockheed Martin and Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) on a modified version of KAI's T-50. The other bidder is the U.S. division of Italy's Leonardo, which is proposing a version of its existing training jet, the M-346, dubbed the T-100. ALSO READ: What SpaceX Is Planning for the Next Step of Humanity The KC-46A tanker program has cost Boeing more than $2 billion in overcharges so far in the development phase, but the company has low-rate production contracts for 34 USAF planes and has struck a deal to sell the plane to Japan as well. Annual production of the tankers is currently set at 15 with a total order of 179 planes. Tuesday's Boeing news was generally good, but there are some headwinds. One is the Trump Administration's travel restrictions on flights from the Middle East and the proposed banning of carry-on laptop computers from commercial flights originating outside the United States. If fewer people want or are permitted to fly into the United States, Boeing and rival Airbus may not build as many planes as the two companies' order books show. ALSO READ: Analysts Getting More Positive on Boeing for 2017 and 2018 Analysts at UBS have claimed that Airbus is about 17% "over-ordered." The Airbus backlog is much larger than Boeing's, and the European maker has more large customers making large orders. But that does not imply that Boeing is immune to cancellations and delays in its commercial division. The company should celebrate the resurgence in its defense business at just the time Boeing might really need the help. Boeing stock traded down about 1.6% Wednesday morning, at $179.72 in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $187.21. The consensus price target on the stock is $188.05. Related Articles Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas The Most Dangerous Cars in America States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Why the Future Air Force One Will Be a Boeing 747-8 Popular Mechanics The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Bloomberg Exclusive: Germany asks U.S. for classified briefing on Lockheed's F-35 fighter Business Insider UK Boeing Delivers First 737 Max to Lion Air Bloomberg Airbus Flier Vistara Is Said to Seek Boeing Pilots for Hiring Bloomberg House Majority Leader told Republicans in 2016 he thought Putin was paying Trump Business Insider Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider The Lakers avoided their nightmare scenario at the draft lottery, and now the seeds are already being planted to get Lonzo Ball Business Insider 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video Stocks get crushed, Dow falls 370 Yahoo Finance Big money pros predict the next big trade Yahoo Finance What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing Delivers First 737-8, Updates KC-46A Status, Says Will Build Training Jets in St. Louis By Paul Ausick May 17, 2017 10:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) announced Tuesday afternoon that it had delivered its first 737 MAX 8 (737-8) to Malindo Air, a subsidiary of Indonesia’s Lion Air. This is the first delivery of the latest generation of single-aisle 737 planes from Boeing. The first was delivered to Lufthansa in December 1967. But that was just one of three noteworthy happenings at Boeing on Tuesday. The second was the company’s announcement that if it wins the competition to build a new training jet for the U.S. Air Force, it will build the jets in St. Louis, already the home of the company’s defense and space division. The company said that building the new T-X trainer — contract valued at around $16 billion — will support about 1,800 jobs. The third piece of news is related to the defense and space division’s delivery of the first KC-46A tankers to the U.S. Air Force early next year. The new tanker is based on a Boeing 767-200 commercial jet that has been modified. The tanker still needs to receive its Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) airworthiness certification in the form of an amended type certification (ATC) and a supplemental type certification (STC). According to a report at Aviation Week, the company has completed about 90% of the ATC and 60% of the STC. Without FAA certification, the Air Force will not accept the planes. The 737-8 delivery to Malindo Air comes just a week after Boeing revealed that it had grounded test flights of the plane after finding a defective part in the engine’s low-pressure turbine. Because only one supplier had provided the part, Boeing was able to inspect and swap out the faulty part quickly enough to deliver the first plane about a week ahead of the promised date. The announcement on where Boeing intends to build the T-X trainer was no particular surprise. What Boeing did not say was how many of the jobs “supported” by the T-X will be new. The St. Louis facility has lost about 2,000 employees over the past decade, according to The Wall Street Journal. Boeing’s proposed T-X is a clean-sheet design developed with Saab and will compete against a team made up of Lockheed Martin and Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) on a modified version of KAI’s T-50. The other bidder is the U.S. division of Italy’s Leonardo, which is proposing a version of its existing training jet, the M-346, dubbed the T-100. The KC-46A tanker program has cost Boeing more than $2 billion in overcharges so far in the development phase, but the company has low-rate production contracts for 34 USAF planes and has struck a deal to sell the plane to Japan as well. Annual production of the tankers is currently set at 15 with a total order of 179 planes. Tuesday’s Boeing news was generally good, but there are some headwinds. One is the Trump Administration’s travel restrictions on flights from the Middle East and the proposed banning of carry-on laptop computers from commercial flights originating outside the United States. If fewer people want or are permitted to fly into the United States, Boeing and rival Airbus may not build as many planes as the two companies’ order books show. Analysts at UBS have claimed that Airbus is about 17% “over-ordered.” The Airbus backlog is much larger than Boeing’s, and the European maker has more large customers making large orders. But that does not imply that Boeing is immune to cancellations and delays in its commercial division. The company should celebrate the resurgence in its defense business at just the time Boeing might really need the help. Boeing stock traded down about 1.6% Wednesday morning, at $179.72 in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $187.21. The consensus price target on the stock is $188.05. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Syndax Shares Are Rallying Crude Oil Prices Rise on Falling Inventories » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Politics, U.S. Department of Defense, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Poorest Town in Every State The Highest Paid CEOs at America’s 100 Largest Companies Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Recent 21 Cities Emerging From Drought Why Cisco Earnings Aren’t Good Enough For Investors Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 General Electric, Verizon Plummet into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Sonus Announces New Clients, but Revenue Falls Why Universal Display Is Expanding Its Research Capabilities Answered! How Effective Are Secured Credit Cards? Cisco shares fall 6% Cisco reports adjusted earnings of 60 cents a share on sales of $11.94 billion SPDR S&P Bank ETF closes down 4% S&P 500, Industrial Giants Dip as Trump Controversies Continue Value Stock or Value Trap? Ascena Retail (ASNA) Shares Crater 33% After Cutting Guidance Asian stocks slide as Trump's mounting woes rattle investors 2 US private equity firms bid for Australia newspaper empire Donald Trump Jr., Dubai business partner discuss 'new ideas' Infowars' Alex Jones Forced To Apologize To Yogurt Maker Dutch King Reveals He's Been An Airline Pilot For 21 Years So THAT'S What The Hook On Your Airplane Tray Table Is For Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Crewed Mars Mission May Require a Hard Deadline from Lawmakers, Experts Say By Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer | May 17, 2017 07:00am ET MORE NASA wants to send humans to Mars, but getting to the Red Planet might require a hard deadline from lawmakers, according to experts at the 2017 Humans to Mars Summit in Washington D.C. Credit: NASA NASA's plans to send humans to Mars by the 2030s could depend on whether lawmakers set a clear objective and timeline for the mission, according to some of the people involved in that pursuit.  At the Humans to Mars Summit in Washington, D.C., last week (May 9 to 12), a panel of spaceflight industry members discussed some of the systems that will help humans get back to the moon and to Mars, such as habitats and deep-space transport vehicles.  NASA has a goal to send humans to Mars in the 2030s, and various initiatives are working toward that objective. Those efforts include the agency's construction of a massive rocket and human crew capsule, as well as plans to develop a "deep-space gateway" near the moon. But those steps may not congeal into a coherent human Mars program unless lawmakers step in, the panelists said. [5 Crewed Mission to Mars Ideas]  In the early 1960s, President John F. Kennedy gave NASA a clear objective: get humans to the surface of the moon by the end of the decade. That kind of clear, specific objective and timeline, laid out by lawmakers, may be what NASA needs now for its Mars plan, the panelists said.  "The human race is capable of incredible things when given a deadline. And they're capable of incredible procrastination without a deadline," said Rob Chambers, production strategy lead for NASA's Orion human space capsule at Lockheed Martin, who spoke on the panel. (Lockheed Martin is the primary contractor for Orion.) "We are closer to Mars today than we ever were to the moon in [1961] and [1962], bar none," Chambers said. "So what we need is a deadline." Chambers was echoing comments from the other panelists, who agreed that a clear objective and timeline from Congress and the White House would be helpful, or even necessary, for getting humans to Mars. Their comments came in response to a question from the panel's moderator, Harley Thronson, a senior scientist for advanced mission concepts at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, who asked what they would like to hear from "the decision makers," including lawmakers and NASA leaders.  "What's your objective? When do you want to get there?" said Mike Fuller, part of Orbital ATK's business development division that's working with NASA. "Because that's going to … tell us how much we need to spend, when to spend it and what our milestones are along the way." But Fuller clarified that those questions are predicated on a much larger issue: whether lawmakers want NASA to pursue a sustained human presence at or near Mars, rather than an initiative like the Apollo Program, which had no long-term habitation goals. If lawmakers decide on a sustained human presence in deep space, the program needs to be protected from fluctuations in funding or mission objectives that can happen across presidential administrations, Fuller said. "I would agree with all of that; I would state it as 'set a goal,'" added Matt Duggan, manager for exploration at Boeing. "Whatever the goal is, set the goal." Boeing is working on various parts of a "Mars architecture" that will include all of the elements needed to get astronauts off Earth, to Mars, down to the Red Planet's surface, and back home. NASA and private companies other than Boeing also have drafted Mars architectures that may use different vehicles at certain stages of the journey or may have slightly different mission objectives, such as putting humans into orbit around Mars, as opposed to landing on its surface.  "Right now, each of these architectures kind of guesses a goal, and guesses at a time frame, and guesses at what you're doing at Mars," Duggan said. "So just set the goal — that would be immensely helpful."  Members of a panel that will discuss Mars and cislunar architectures also discussed what Congress can do to help a human Mars mission. From left, Harley Thronson, a senior scientist for advanced mission concepts at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center; Mike Fuller, part of Orbital ATK's business development division working with NASA; Humphrey "Hoppy" Price, chief engineer of NASA's robotic Mars Exploration Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory; Matt Duggan, manager for exploration at Boeing; Rob Chambers, production strategy lead for NASA's Orion human space capsule at Lockheed Martin; and Steve Overton, program manager for integrated space systems at Aerojet Rocketdyne. Humphrey "Hoppy" Price, chief engineer of NASA's robotic Mars Exploration Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), discussed some of the realistic budget needs of a human Mars mission, which were explored in great detail in a report from JPL. Price said lawmakers should create a program with a specific name, in addition to a specific objective and deadline. That program should then become "a line item on the budget," which will help ensure it carries through election cycles.  "It would need to be informed with a reasonable budget, so that it would start off at, let's say, $1 billion per year," Price said. "And it would continue going up, and at some point, it would ramp up to whatever the steady state level of that program's going to be, which — I'll just put out a number; it’s a notional number, $4 billion a year — and it's designed so that this is a line-item-funded program every year." Earlier, Price stated that, based on JPL's expense report, if NASA's budget remains fixed, a human mission to Mars will require that the agency eventually divert funds currently used to maintain the International Space Station. NASA is committed to its current level of funding for the station through 2024. Many spaceflight industry experts agree that the station is an important part of getting humans to Mars, because it provides a training ground for astronauts and a laboratory to better understand how humans can live in deep space, as well as an opportunity for small companies to conduct scientific research in microgravity.  But Price said that, based on the current outline NASA has presented for getting humans to cislunar space (meaning orbit around the moon or regions between the moon and Earth) in the 2020s, NASA will have to remove itself from the space station in 2024. Agency representatives have said they hope the commercial sector will take over more responsibility in low Earth orbit.  "We've got to make some decisions [today] about funding and where we're putting our money," said Steve Overton, program manager for integrated space systems at Aerojet Rocketdyne. "Obviously, [NASA has] priorities. And they want to do it all. That's really hurting us. We need to focus on one thing … Tell us what you're going to focus on specifically, and let's go for that. Right now, they've got the ISS. I don't want to say that anything is not important, but obviously, NASA's got a lot of priorities going on, and they need to focus on one thing. They only have a small pot of money."  The panelists expressed confidence that NASA and its commercial partners will be capable of fulfilling whatever goal and deadline lawmakers set.  "NASA and the commercial partners have a good history of working together and being partners in the development effort," Fuller said. "Give us the guidance that we're looking for, and basically, at that point, cut us loose. Let us run." Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations NASA's 17 Apollo Moon Missions in Pictures NASA's Mars Plan May Include Yearlong Mission to the Moon Space Radiation Threat to Astronauts Explained (Infographic) Author Bio Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer Calla Cofield joined the crew of Space.com in October, 2014. She enjoys writing about black holes, exploding stars, ripples in space-time, science in comic books, and all the mysteries of the cosmos. She has been underground at three of the largest particle accelerators in the world. She'd really like to know what the heck dark matter is. Prior to joining Space.com Calla worked as a freelance science writer. Her work has appeared in APS News, Symmetry magazine, Scientific American, Nature News, Physics World, and others. From 2010 to 2014 she was a producer for The Physics Central Podcast. Previously, Calla worked at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City (hands down the best office building ever) and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California. Calla studied physics at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and is originally from Sandy, Utah. Contact Calla via: E-Mail – Twitter Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular First Full Star Trek: Discovery Trailer How Many Stars Are In The Universe? Human-Made Radio Bubble Shields Earth from Radiation | Video Cold-War Era Blasts Impacted Space Weather | Video Russian Rocket Chief Throws Some Shade on Elon Musk's Moon Plan HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Destinations Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Destinations Asia Indonesia Articles Which airline is buying more planes than anyone else and was once banned from the EU? Lion Air has on order a range of aircraft from both Boeing and Airbus Hugh Morris 17 May 2017 • 3:39pm There is one airline in the world set to quintuple the size of its fleet, ordering more aircraft in one go than any other carrier on the planet - but up until last year it was forbidden from flying over Europe. Lion Air, a budget Indonesian operation that flies predominantly in and around South-east Asia, has 443 aircraft on order, to add to its current stock of 113. American Airlines, the world’s largest airline, has just 285 on order. This week, Boeing will deliver its first ever 737 Max to Lion Air, the largest single buyer of the manufacturer’s new super efficient jetliner, as the low-cost carrier looks to expand at an aggressive pace. In November 2011, Lion Air placed a record order with Boeing, worth $22billion, surpassing Emirates’ previous high, for some 29 737-900s and 201 new 737 Maxs. It also has orders placed with Airbus for A330-300s. In numbers | Who's ordering the most planes? Previous to this however, in July 2007, the airline had been banned - along with a number of other Indonesian airlines - from operating in European airspace because of concerns over a lack of regulation from the country’s aviation authority. The restriction was only lifted in June last year. Lion Air, which flies to 126 destinations in Indonesia, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia and China, is Asia’s second largest airline, behind Tony Fernandes’ AirAsia, but the carrier is working hard to take the top spot. Lion Air has taken order of its first Boeing Max 737 Credit: Credit: Niall Ferguson / Alamy Stock Photo/Niall Ferguson / Alamy Stock Photo “Most [of its] services are domestic, operating to over 100 destinations in Indonesia alone, but they are expanding into international markets,” said John Grant, a senior analyst at OAG, which produced a report on the orders of the world’s top carriers. “What is perhaps most interesting is that, generally, outside of Indonesia there is little awareness of how large Lion Air is and the impressive growth they’ve had over the last seven years. The world's safest - and least safe - airlines revealed “This is a large aircraft order, but follows the trend we’ve seen in other emerging markets in the last few years, as carriers seek to ensure that they have capacity coming into the market to accommodate growth. “For Lion Air, this order reflects the fact that Indonesia is one of the fastest growing markets in air travel. Both the B737 and A320 are very popular aircrafts, so securing places on the production schedule and placing such large orders is consistent with their ambition, the market growth and the aircraft demand.” Founded in 1999, in the last seven years Lion Air has nearly doubled the number of seats it operates on its routes, from 25.1million to 48.7million. The average flying time between its destinations is just over an hour and a half.   Jakarta, the Indonesian capital, is one of Lion Air's bases Credit: Credit: RooM the Agency / Alamy Stock Photo/RooM the Agency / Alamy Stock Photo Though it has no plans to launch long-haul operations into Europe - unlike AirAsia - Lion Air still has grand ambitions. In an interview with the FT in 2015, owner Rusdi Kirana said that he had acquired 5,500 hectares of land outside Jakarta to build his own airport, as the city’s Soekarno-Hatta was running over capacity. “The market is huge in Indonesia but we don’t have enough airport capacity,” he said. “We will face some delays from the bureaucracy but I’m quite optimistic the president will get involved if we have problems getting licences. That’s why I bought the land.” Further evidence of Kirana’s slightly idiosyncratic approach to growing an airline is the township he had built outside of Jakarta to house his workforce. Dubbed Lion City, it boasts more than 150 dormitories and 1,500 housing units. Best of | Travel Truths Share this article Follow Telegraph Travel Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Read more 17 May 2017, 10:14am 'Rainbow village' brightens locals' lives and social media feeds 05 Apr 2017, 10:16am Plane tips over on runway after cooking oil spill makes cargo slip to its tail 21 Dec 2016, 11:47am Remote Indonesian island subjects tourists to 'walk of shame' for alleged theft 16 Nov 2016, 3:25pm 10 of the best ways to savour south-east Asia 17 Aug 2016, 1:01pm 15 reasons to visit Indonesia before you die Follow Telegraph Travel Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Indonesia latest 29 Mar 2016, 10:45am The ultimate guide to Indonesia's best islands 14 Jan 2016, 12:00am Jakarta attacks: how terror dents tourism in Indonesia 23 Nov 2015, 12:00am Readers' tips: south-east Asia and wildlife adventures 13 Nov 2015, 12:00am Help! We're #stuckinbali (and loving every minute of it) 08 Oct 2015, 12:00am The world's best coral reefs 22 Aug 2015, 12:00am Ubud, Bali: a guide to the best shops, hotels and restaurants 17 Aug 2015, 12:00am How dangerous is flying in Indonesia? 05 Aug 2015, 12:00am Bali flights disrupted by erupting volcano again 03 Aug 2015, 12:00am Sumba: Wild beaches away from Bali's crowds 13 Jul 2015, 12:00am Indonesia volcano: your rights if your flight is affected 13 Jul 2015, 12:00am Bali's airport reopens but Virgin Australia still refuses to fly 30 Jun 2015, 12:00am Malaysia: Orang-utans and the trail that led Wallace to natural selection 27 Apr 2015, 12:00am Tropical island holidays: readers' tips, recommendations and travel advice 08 Apr 2015, 12:00am Stowaway survives one-hour flight hiding in aircraft wheel unit 26 Mar 2015, 12:00am Indonesia to scrap visas for British travellers 06 Oct 2014, 12:00am Picturesque landscapes: readers' tips, recommendations and travel advice 08 Sep 2014, 12:00am Indonesia: Rainforest treks in Sumatra and Sulawesi 08 Sep 2014, 12:00am Borobudur and Prambanan temples, Indonesia: a visitor's guide 18 Aug 2014, 12:00am Indonesia boat sinking: safety advice 23 Jun 2014, 12:00am Bali's Ubud Writers' and Readers' Festival 03 Jun 2014, 12:00am Bali's glass-bottomed hotel room 23 May 2014, 12:00am Spa holidays: the best spas for summer fitness Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Home News Manufacturers Topics Industry Sales Reports Technology Tuners Videos Safety Car crashes Spied Celebrities Concept Cars Moto Other Motor Shows Geneva Motor Show Frankfurt Motor Show Paris Motor Show Essen Concorso d’Eleganza Beijing Tokyo Motor Show Detroit LA Auto Show Photo Gallery Motorsport Test Drive Home News Manufacturers Topics Industry Sales Reports Technology Tuners Videos Safety Car crashes Spied Celebrities Concept Cars Moto Other Motor Shows Geneva Motor Show Frankfurt Motor Show Paris Motor Show Essen Concorso d’Eleganza Beijing Tokyo Motor Show Detroit LA Auto Show Photo Gallery Motorsport Test Drive Search for: Home » News Toyota invests in flying car side project for the Olympics Tweet Share Share By Aurel Niculescu on May 17, 2017 in News, Other, Toyota With numerous attempts – even from companies such as Uber or Boeing – the decade-long dream of having a convenient flying car might come to life, including from unexpected projects. One such endeavor is the work of a team of around 30 employees at Toyota that formed a group called Cartivator – they have been working during their off-hours on a flying car since way back in 2012. Now the automaker is interested in their project and has decided to invest 42.5 million yen to get their idea off the ground – pun intended. According to local media, the Cartivator team used online crowdfunding for getting the needed funding, and now Toyota has decided to pitch in as well. “Things will not progress if you wait and provide money only when the technology is ready,” commented Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada for the Nikkei Asian Review. When not at work at Toyota compounds, the Cartivator team has the general HQ at a former elementary school in Aichi Prefecture, Japan – Toyota City offered the building when the school closed – and their 1/5 scale model is undertaking flight tests in the old schoolyard. Cartivator said the SkyDrive, their flying car, will be showcased for the first time this July – with the ultimate goal of reaching the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo to light the Olympic Flame from a SkyDrive. Via Cartivator, Nikkei Asian Review Related Tweet Share Share [Video] Nio’s EP9 takes down Lamborghini’s new Nurburgring record May 15, 2017 2018 BMW 2 Series and M2 comes with subtle novelties May 11, 2017 BMW 1 Series Shadow editions come along with the refresh May 11, 2017 2018 Peugeot 308 comes with enhanced features, new diesel and auto May 5, 2017 [Video] Air France and Porsche literally pull huge Guinness record May 2, 2017 Recent Posts Dieter Zetsche teases 2019 Mercedes A-Class on Linkedin This Lamborghini Centenario is an Asia-Pacific affair [Video] BMW offers first official details about 2018 M5 2017 Renault Espace has new TCe engine with 225 hp Misha Designs Ferrari 488 GTB is looking fast Most Popular Now List of World record highways 10 Busiest Junctions in the world McLaren denies Dennis to challenge new FIA rule McLaren denies Dennis to challenge new FIA rule Jackie Stewart tells Mercedes to quit F1 Jackie Stewart tells Mercedes to quit F1 Hamilton-to-Ferrari rumours fire in Bahrain Ferrari re-opens door to working with Red Bull Test Drive: Renault Captur 0.9 – TCe 90 – fast… 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show LIVE: 2016 Skoda Superb Combi… Latest Galeries Receive Our Newsletter Subscribe to RSS Follow us on Social Media News All the news ordered by time Industry Technology Tuners Videos Safety Car Crashes Concepts Spy Photos IN DEPTH Motor Shows Motor Sport Test Drive Editors Choice Automakers Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Caterharm Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dacia Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Holden Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Koenigsegg Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lotus Lincoln McLaren Maserati Mazda Mayback Mercede-Benz Mini Mitshubishi Nissan Pagani Peugeot Porsche Opel RAM Renault Rolls Royce Saab Saturn Scion Seat Skoda Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tata Tesla Vauxhall Volkswagen Toyota Volvo Others Copyright © 2017 — INAUTONEWS. All Rights Reserved About us    /   Advertisement    /    Contact    /    Send us a tip    /    Term of Use    /   Privacy Policy    /   Google+
Fri, 5 May 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program Boeing now has six aircraft in its KC-46 tanker test program, expanding its ability to complete ground and flight-test activities as it progresses toward first deliveries to the U.S. Air Force. The newest KC-46 aerial refueling aircraft, the second low-rate initial production plane, completed its first flight on 29 April 2017. Its test activities will help ensure the KC-46 can safely operate through electromagnetic fields produced by radars, radio towers and other systems. “Adding another tanker will help us to become even more efficient and significantly improve our ability to complete test points going forward,” said Jeanette Croppi, Boeing KC-46A tanker test team director. “We are also re-configuring one of our 767-2C aircraft into a tanker, which means we soon will have four KC-46 tankers in test.” To date, the program’s test aircraft have completed 1,600 flight hours and more than 1,200 “contacts” during refueling flights with F- 16, F/A-18, AV-8B, C-17, A-10 and KC-10 aircraft. The KC-46 is derived from Boeing’s commercial 767 airframe. The KC-46A is a multirole tanker that can refuel all allied and coalition military aircraft compatible with international aerial refueling procedures and can carry passengers, cargo and patients. Boeing says it expects to build 179 tankers in its Everett factory. See also: Tony Fernandes (AirAsia) and Gary Chapman (Emirates) Talk Aviation @ WTTC Global Summit 2017 - HD Video and What’s Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? HD Video Interview with GM as well as other HD Videos and Podcasts. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, Tanker. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Iran Air Takes Delivery of Four ATR 72-600s Malindo Air Takes Delivery of Very First Boeing 737 MAX Langham to Rebrand Hotel in Auckland 16th Samui Regatta to Take Place 20-27 May Boeing Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Broadband Services TAT to Hold Seminar at TTM+ in June Flight Centre to Buy Stake in 3Mundi New Partnership to Enhance Safety in Global Aviation Fueling IBM to Accelerate Bombardier's IT Transformation AccorHotels to Acquire FCDE's Stake in Groupe Noctis Vietjet to Launch Daily Hanoi - Yangon Flights Aviation Crisis Management Being Discussed in Bangkok 608,581 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract APAC Welcomed Record 597m Foreign Visitors in 2016 Markus Kosch Joins Conrad Guangzhou Assembly of T-X in St Louis to Support 1,800 Jobs Delta Installing Self-Service Bag Drop in Minneapolis American Airlines Appoints SVP - People Emirates' Business Class Deals from Bangkok 580,427 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Show More Travel News Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? HD Video Interview Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Free Hotel in Doha with a Qatar Stopover Vietjet to Launch Hanoi - Dong Hoi Flights Finnair to Increase Capacity to Several Lapland Airports Stopover in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways Cathay Pacific to Serve More Betsy Beer Jet Airways to Launch Chennai - Paris and Bengaluru - Amsterdam Marriott Expands Modular Construction Initiative Ilyushin Finance Orders One More Q400 for Jambojet Buenos Aires to Host WTTC Global Summit Emirates Opens New Airport Lounge in Bangkok Shangri-La Opens Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong Hong Kong Airlines to Resume Saigon Flights Etihad to Upgrade Sydney Flights with A380 Air China to Launch Beijing-Astana and Beijing-Zurich Wow Air Takes Delivery of Airbus A320neo EAG Appoints MD of Hala Group Gulf Air to Get First B787-9 in April 2018 Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Iran Air Takes Delivery of Four ATR 72-600s Malindo Air Takes Delivery of Very First Boeing 737 MAX Langham to Rebrand Hotel in Auckland 16th Samui Regatta to Take Place 20-27 May Boeing Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Broadband Services TAT to Hold Seminar at TTM+ in June Flight Centre to Buy Stake in 3Mundi New Partnership to Enhance Safety in Global Aviation Fueling IBM to Accelerate Bombardier's IT Transformation AccorHotels to Acquire FCDE's Stake in Groupe Noctis Vietjet to Launch Daily Hanoi - Yangon Flights Aviation Crisis Management Being Discussed in Bangkok 608,581 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract APAC Welcomed Record 597m Foreign Visitors in 2016 Markus Kosch Joins Conrad Guangzhou Assembly of T-X in St Louis to Support 1,800 Jobs Delta Installing Self-Service Bag Drop in Minneapolis American Airlines Appoints SVP - People Emirates' Business Class Deals from Bangkok 580,427 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Airlines Airlines make it tougher to find frequent flyer seats With a record number of people flying around the world, airlines have made it a little bit tougher for frequent flyers to cash in their miles or points for a free flight. CarTrawler's annual Reward Seat Availability Survey found frequent-flyer seats available on 72.4 percent of the flights it checked, down from 76.6 percent last year. As in past years, Southwest Airlines was the top carrier out of 25 ranked in the survey. Phil LeBeau | @Lebeaucarnews Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | 1:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images A Southwest Airlines Boeing Co. 737-700 jet taxis to Terminal 1 as a Delta Air Lines Inc. Embraer SA 175 plane lands at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in Los Angeles, California. With a record number of people flying around the world, airlines have made it a little bit tougher for frequent flyers to cash in their miles or points for a free flight. CarTrawler's annual Reward Seat Availability Survey found frequent flyer seats available on 72.4 percent of the flights it checked; that's down from 76.6 percent in last year's survey. CarTrawler's annual Reward Seat Availability Survey found frequent-flyer seats available on 72.4 percent of the flights it checked; that's down from 76.6 percent in last year's survey. "The airlines outside of the U.S. are not as healthy as those here in the U.S., and a lot of those foreign carriers would rather sell a seat for cash than offer it to a frequent flyer," said Jay Sorensen, president of IdeaWorks, which conducted the survey. As in past years, Southwest Airlines was the top carrier out of 25 ranked in the survey. IdeaWorks found frequent-flyer seats available on every Southwest flight it checked. "Southwest benefits from having a very consumer-friendly system, and this is an airline that makes reward-seat availability a priority," said Sorensen. Right behind Southwest was JetBlue, with reward seats open on 94.3 percent of its flights. Lufthansa, Air Berlin and Air Canada were the three other carriers with frequent-flyer seats available on at least 90 percent of the flights checked. By comparison, Colombia-based carrier Avianca ranked dead last in the survey, with reward seats open on just 38.6 percent of the flights checked by IdeaWorks. As in past years, Sorensen found more seats available on value-oriented airlines, with seats open on 83 percent of the flights. As for long-haul flights, which tend to be flown by legacy carriers, saver-style seats were open on 60.3 percent of the flights. The Reward Seat Availability Survey is based on queries of 7,420 flights between June and October of this year. Phil LeBeauCNBC Auto and Airline Industry Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AB1 --- LHA --- AC --- JBLU --- LUV ---
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) SpaceX’s sixth successful launch in 2017 puts Elon Musk’s company on pace to beat its rivals Tim Fernholz Quartz May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Falcon 9 Inmarsat Elon Musk SpaceX LaunchMore Flying the biggest satellite that SpaceX has ever launched, weighing in at more than 6 metric tons, proved a routine piece of business for the company’s Falcon 9 rocket yesterday. The Inmarsat-owned satellite, built by Boeing, was originally scheduled to fly on a larger rocket, the Falcon Heavy, that SpaceX hopes to debut later this year. Flying the big bird on a smaller rocket required some sacrifices on SpaceX’s part—the first stage booster could not be recovered for potential re-use, for example, since much of the fuel necessary would be used in flight. But the success puts the company on a path to finally hit its long-dreamed-of high-speed launch cadence. Silicon Valley has idolized Steve Jobs for decades—and it’s finally paying the price SpaceX has been hoping to out-fly its competitors for the last several years, planning on a dozen to even 18 launches in a single calendar year. But in 2015, a mid-flight explosion grounded SpaceX’s rocket for six months, putting a kibosh on those plans, and a 2016 refueling mishap required four months of work to ensure the rocket was ready for flight. Now, having launched six rockets before the halfway point of 2017, the company looks set to hit its goals and finally fly more rockets than its incumbent competitors, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin joint venture United Launch Alliance, and the European champion Arianespace. That’s striking, given that SpaceX’s first commercial mission was in 2012. (ULA was formed in 2006, and Arianespace in 1980.) View photos 20 misused English words that make smart people look silly This year, Arianespace has been the victim of circumstance, with its major spaceport becoming a pawn in a political battle between impoverished French Guianans and the mainland French government. The protests have now been resolved, allowing the company to start launching again. For the rest of this year, SpaceX has plenty to do. It will launch a Bulgarian television satellite, and communications birds for Intelsat, Iridium, SES, and Echostar. It is expected to launch satellites on behalf of Taiwan and South Korea. And the company plans to launch its own demonstration satellite to provide internet access. Perhaps most importantly, it will fly three missions to the International Space Station for NASA, as well as demonstrating an uncrewed flight of its new astronaut-carrying space capsule. Plus, it expects to fly the experimental Falcon Heavy. That’s a lot of work—at least a dozen more missions—and it will require the company’s engineers and technicians to move fast and carefully, with no major mishaps. The company’s goal has long been a mission cadence of one flight every two weeks, a pace it hit this month and in March but has yet to sustain over time. The tiny signals of progress are there—during yesterday’s launch, the company began loading liquid oxygen into the rocket ten minutes later than usual, part of an effort to compress and shorten the countdown process. The rewards of frequent launches are clear: Besides establishing the Falcon 9’s reliability, and the constant stream of data used by engineers after every launch to refine the vehicle, each launch represents revenue won by SpaceX. While the company brushed off financial concerns after its 2016 mishap, with officials noting that it had no debt and $1 billion in cash on its books, replenishing its coffers will give SpaceX greater security and more resources to tackle big projects ahead—including its mooted satellite internet constellation and an inter-planetary transportation system for reaching Mars.   Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief, our free daily newsletter with the world’s most important and interesting news. More stories from Quartz: A simple facial cue that hints at whether you’re part of the 1% Neil Gaiman has the perfect anecdote to soothe anyone with imposter syndrome Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Elon Musk's SpaceX launches its heaviest satellite yet but didn't try to recover the Falcon 9 rocket CNBC.com Space Funeral Startup to Launch Ashes Into Orbit on SpaceX Rocket Newsweek You can send your loved one's ashes into space on Elon Musk's SpaceX rocket for $2,500 CNBC.com Elon Musk is rushing to beat NASA to Mars, perhaps during Trump presidency CNBC.com Watch SpaceX successfully launch Inmarsat's bus-sized satellite, one of its largest payloads yet International Business Times House Majority Leader told Republicans in 2016 he thought Putin was paying Trump Business Insider Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC Cannibal 'T. Rex' Ants Seen Live for 1st Time Ever (and They're Shy) LiveScience.com Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider The Lakers avoided their nightmare scenario at the draft lottery, and now the seeds are already being planted to get Lonzo Ball Business Insider 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Military Robotics Market Key Trends Analysis Research Report Latest niche market research report on “The Military Robotics Market-Key Drivers, Trends and New Developments” available with OrbisResearch.com. The global military robots market is dominated by North America, with the US being the largest defense spender in the sector. North American countries are to allocate US$244.4 billion on capital expenditure in 2016. Over the period 2016-2026, capital expenditure is expected to slightly increase, at a CAGR of 0.06%, to reach US$245.1 billion by 2026. Europe trails North America as the second-largest market, offering a potentially attractive investment opportunity for western firms. A number of countries in the Asia Pacific region are enhancing their Robotics industry through sustained procurement and indigenous development programs, and the region is projected to spend. China is expected to dominate the region’s investment in military robotics. The significant increase in defense spending in China has created an imbalance in the entire region, with neighboring countries such as India and Japan increasing their defense spending in order to maintain a military balance. Synopsis This report offers analysis of the global military robotics market and covers key technological and market trends in the industry, and analyzes drivers/factors influencing demand for Military Robotics. Additionally, the report provides an overview of five top spenders in the sector including recent procurements undertaken by these countries in the domain. Key players listed in the report are Boeing, General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc, iRobot Corporation, QinetiQ Group Plc, Roboteam Ltd. Reasons to buy – Determine prospective investment areas based on a detailed trend analysis of the global military robots market – Gain in-depth understanding about the underlying factors driving demand for different military robots segments in the top spending countries across the world and identify the opportunities offered by each of them – Strengthen your understanding of the market in terms of demand drivers, industry trends, and the latest technological developments, among others – Identify the major channels that are driving the global military robots market, providing a clear picture about future opportunities that can be tapped, resulting in revenue expansion – Channelize resources by focusing on the ongoing programs that are being undertaken by the defense ministries of different countries within the global military robots market – Make correct business decisions based on thorough analysis of the total competitive landscape of the sector with detailed profiles of the top military robot manufacturers around the world which include information about their products, alliances, recent contract wins and financial analysis wherever available Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289238 . Table of Contents Executive Summary End User Analysis Market DriversChallenges Market TrendsTechnological Trends and New Developments Key Military Robots In Use Recent/Expected Launches Country Analysis -Profiles of five leading countries Supplier Analysis -Profiles of five leading companies Company Overview Major Products Alliances, Recent Contracts About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsMilitary Robotics Market, Military Robotics Market 2017, Military Robotics Market 2022 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Passenger Car Sensors Market is Expected to Witness a Steady Growth by 2021 Search Recent Posts 2017 to 2022 Global Probiotics Market Research Analysis Report Military Robotics Market Key Trends Analysis Research Report Passenger Car Sensors Market is Expected to Witness a Steady Growth by 2021 Investment in irrigation welcome OrbisResearch: Cold Chain Market 2020 Analysis and Forecasts Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Howes: Pressure atop Ford unlikely to ease with buyouts How borrowing a page from the old Detroit playbook reveals a new Ford ready to straddle the present of traditional autos and the future of mobility and autonomy remains to be seen. More clarity from a management team struggling to find its voice would help, as would a crisper delineation of its strategy. Post to Facebook Howes: Pressure atop Ford unlikely to ease with buyouts How borrowing a page from the old Detroit playbook reveals a new Ford ready to straddle the present of traditional autos and the future of mobility and autonomy remains to be seen. More clarity from a management team struggling to find its voice would help, as would a crisper delineation of its strategy.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rt4S2U {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Howes: Pressure atop Ford unlikely to ease with buyouts Daniel Howes , The Detroit News 12:02 a.m. ET May 18, 2017 In 2009, then Ford Motor Co. CEO Alan Mulally,left, and Mark Fields, who served as executive vice president at the time, applaud the announcement the Ford Fusion was named 2010 Motor Trend Car Of The Year in front of Ford employees. (Photo: Bryan Mitchell / Special to Detroit News) 4 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Ford Motor Co.’s touted transition to the auto industry’s next new thing is proving far more difficult than the brass makes it sound. Instead of embracing the Blue Oval’s ability to generate near-record profits on pickups and SUVs, Wall Street is expressing its skepticism by pummeling Ford shares. Instead of seizing Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr.’s vision for the mobility future and its promise to juice Ford’s profit margins and growth rates, investors are responding with a collective “show us.” The steadily rising pressure atop the Glass House is unlikely to ease anytime soon. It culminated Wednesday with confirmation that Ford, still on track to post near-record profits, nonetheless will cut 10 percent of its salaried personnel costs in the North America and Asia-Pacific regions and offer 1,400 voluntary buyouts. And Ford’s shares? Still trading near their 52-week low — and down roughly 40 percent from when CEO Mark Fields succeeded Alan Mulally nearly three years ago. He’s the Boeing Co. veteran credited with reviving the Blue Oval and rescuing the legacy of Bill Ford Jr. from ignominy. How borrowing a page from the old Detroit playbook reveals a new Ford ready to straddle the present of traditional autos and the future of mobility and autonomy remains to be seen. More clarity from a management team struggling to find its voice would help, as would a crisper delineation of its strategy. Not so far, in sharp and inescapable contrast to Mulally. He hammered his “One Ford” strategy with annoying regularity. He ordered it detailed on pocket cards he distributed like candy. He built a huge reservoir of credibility with Wall Street and Ford investors by delivering on the plan, consistently, and adjusting when conditions changed. It was all so hokey to the serious suits in Dearborn and New York — the hayseed act by the Kansas native, the autographs accompanied by his trademark “Ford Rocks” flourish, the assiduous courting of influentials Mulally determined could be helpful in telling the Ford story. Most of it worked, and most of his lesson appears to have been forgotten. There is, however, a fundamental difference between the challenges facing Mulally then and Fields now, who ascended to the top job in July 2014. Mulally engineered the rebuild of Ford’s core car and truck business, producing what turned out to be an earnings machine at the top of the auto cycle. Fields is charged with maintaining that momentum amid a downshifting market cycle, even as he pushes the automaker into unknown territory labeled autonomy, electrification and mobility. That’s easier said than done, especially when a muddy strategy at a critical inflection point is complicated by an even muddier communications strategy — to the extent there is one. Traditional automakers like Ford aren’t just contemplating a future informed by a century of experience, one promising next-generation cars, trucks and SUVs. They’re betting on an evolving, unfamiliar future they mostly don’t know and cannot predict — and expecting investors to trust them to get it right. Based on what? More than a decade after Mulally arrived to lead a broad global restructuring of the Blue Oval’s brands, product development processes and manufacturing footprint, Ford is more deeply dependent on pickups and SUVs, booking less revenue from cars in the United States, and rethinking its presence in places like India. Two of the nation’s bellwether industries — autos and high-tech based in Silicon Valley — generally agree that electrification, autonomy and mobility services will combine to become the next big chapter in transportation. But who gets there first in any meaningful way is likely to be shaped by their respective starting points and risk tolerance. Modeling and forecasting the historic restructuring that Mulally engineered after he arrived in 2006 is work Ford deeply understood, even if it didn’t always execute it consistently. Modeling and forecasting the autonomous and mobility future choked with new high-tech competitors accustomed to moving faster, and sometimes failing, is largely all-new territory. In Silicon Valley, failure is part of the high-risk, high-reward landscape of innovation. In Dearborn, failure is still just that — failure, and it’s marked by the usual zero-sum score-keeping that is antithetical to the collaboration allegedly inherent in the emerging mobility space. Don’t take my word for it. Listen to the questions Bill Ford fielded during last week’s virtual annual meeting. They rang heavy on the rearview mirror issues of dividends, lagging share price and core automotive issues, and light on the future that Ford’s brass is trying to sell, unsuccessfully. Kinda hard to expect investors to step boldly into the automotive future when at least a sample of them are so firmly rooted in the past. The same applies to Ford management and its directors, presiding nobly over two distinct businesses — traditional autos and autonomy/mobility — mostly headed in opposite directions. Offering 1,400 buyouts in two operating regions, and concentrating many of them in hometown Dearborn, is a traditional response to Wall Street displeasure. But it’s not likely to be sufficient for would-be investors looking for growth, higher margins and a smarter use of capital. Cross-town rival General Motors Co., beset with a similar prove-it-to-us burden, is responding with more purpose and communication. It’s taking risks its predecessors never would — bolting Russia, ending production in Australia, selling its European operations to PSA Groupe of France. Expect Ford to do more because it has to. The next generation of autos-turned-mobility will be driven by a quicker competitive metabolism, and Ford will need one, too, if it hopes to compete and win. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN, listen to his Saturday podcasts, or catch him 3 and 10 p.m. Thursdays on Michigan Radio’s “Stateside,” 91.7 FM. 4 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rt4S2U TOP VIDEOS Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com POLITICAL COUP attempt has just been initiated in Washington D.C. - RED ALERT If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state Wednesday, May 17, 2017 by: JD Heyes Tags: ICBM, North Korea, nuclear explosion, preparations, Washington state (Natural News) As American military and intelligence officials noted in April that North Korea was appeared to be making preparations to conduct its sixth nuclear weapons test, many began assessing how close Pyongyang was to building an ICBM capable of hitting the continental United States. Information about the Hermit Kingdom’s weapons programs remain hard to come by, but based on recent missile tests experts concluded that if North Korea had a ballistic missile capable of reaching American territory, it might only be able to fly as far as Hawaii. Or Seattle. As noted by Q13 Fox on April 26, former CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden, in addition to other experts and analysts, predicted that Pyongyang could likely strike Seattle with a nuclear weapon. That assessment was refuted by Richard Ellings, president of the National Bureau of Asian Research, and others, who said they did not think that North Korea yet possesses the capability. But they acknowledged nonetheless that Seattle presents what would be a lucrative target – militarily, especially. “We are the ultimate target to hold hostage, from a North Korean perspective,” Ellings said. “We have JBLM (Joint Base Lewis-McChord, whose mission is to provide immediate logistical and combat support) whose primary purpose is to reinforce the Korean Peninsula in case hostilities break out. We have Boeing, we have the trident missile base, intercontinental ballistic missiles on trident submarines. We have the shining city on the hill. We are the ultimate target to hold hostage from the North Korean perspective.” (RELATED: Nuclear War Or Civil War: The Big Cities Will Become Cauldrons Of Violence And Death – But You CAN Survive) So, since North Korea either has or will soon have the capacity to strike one of the most populous, militarily significant American cities along the West coast, Seattle is preparing for the worst – with preparations like storing food, providing fallout shelters, stockpiling provisions and other things, right? Wrong. Why? Because it’s against the law in Washington state to prepare for a nuclear explosion. No, we’re not making this up. As Fox News reports, loony liberal lawmakers in the mid-1980s passed legislation forbidding evacuation and prepper planning for nuclear attacks. Washington cities can prepare for every other emergency, just not that one. The thinking was, ‘If we prepare for a nuclear detonation, then someone will target us for nuclear detonation.’ “You are really sending a message that you’re getting ready to do something maybe yourself,” said one of the state representatives who helped pass the law, Democrat Dick Nelson, now retired. The law was passed as adopting the opposite approach being taken by President Ronald Reagan at the time, who was in the middle of a dramatic U.S. military buildup as part of his “peace through strength” approach to national security. Reagan’s idea was that you become far too powerful for a potential enemy to mess with. And he, ultimately, proved correct: The Soviet Union exhausted itself financially trying to keep up with U.S. military strength, which it could never match. And besides, even back then Washington state was a lucrative target for the Soviets (and Chinese, for that matter, though China was far less powerful at the time). Fort Lewis and McChord Air Force Base – the two installations that were combined in 2010 – have been in place since the early 1900s. The state has also long served as a submarine base for our nuclear-armed boomers. So to claim that if you don’t “prepare for a nuclear war,” you won’t invite a nuclear attack is just absurd. And as Ellings noted, it remains absurd to continue thinking that way. (RELATED: If Nuclear War Breaks Out, Which U.S. Cities Would Be Targeted First?) No one wants to have to try to live through a nuclear detonation (though it certainly can be done). But so often in life reality gets in the way and we must face and do things we normally wouldn’t. Thankfully, today, not all Washington state lawmakers see things the same way as their predecessors, so we could maybe see the law changed soon. “I think it’s ridiculous and silly,” state Sen. Mark Miloscia said. “And sort of head-in-the-sand mentality. If it has a probability of happening, prepare for it.” J.D. Heyes is a senior writer for NaturalNews.com and NewsTarget.com, as well as editor of The National Sentinel. Sources: Q13Fox.com FoxNews.com Previous :Texas calls for a convention of states to amend the U.S. Constitution… can the Republic be saved before it collapses? Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on ICBM If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state Deadly cruise missile sub arrives in South Korea as U.S. plans ICBM test and North Korea gets a warning from China Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-17-if-you-want-to-escape-a-possible-nuclear-attack-attack-better-not-move-to-washington-state.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-17-if-you-want-to-escape-a-possible-nuclear-attack-attack-better-not-move-to-washington-state.html">If you want to escape a possible nuclear attack, better not move to Washington state</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com Massachusetts Attorney General says it’s okay for mainstream media to publish death threats against “anti-vaxxers” - NaturalNews.com Wait a sec… You mean James Comey wrote a memo to HIMSELF, then “leaked” it to the NYT? - NaturalNews.com 23 Medicinal plants you need to know about when SHTF - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com BREAKING: Health food stores raided for CBDs, police ridiculously claim they’re narcotics - NaturalNews.com More children harmed by VACCINES than from GUNSHOTS, government statistics reveal - NaturalNews.com Gum disease - A safe and natural solution - NaturalNews.com Is the Trump-tied global market crash the Health Ranger predicted about to happen? - NaturalNews.com The United Nations 2030 Agenda decoded: It's a blueprint for the global enslavement of humanity under the boot of corporate masters Leonardo DiCaprio’s war on carbon is actually a war against all plants, rainforests and ecosystems on the entire planet, warns new video - NaturalNews.com Stupid people keep cutting themselves while trying to open avocados, so doctors have called for avocados to come with warning labels - NaturalNews.com Sweden outlaws coercive mandatory vaccines laws, citing violations of the Swedish Constitution - NaturalNews.com Mass die-off in the Pacific as hundreds of sharks wash up on the shores of San Francisco - NaturalNews.com 5 Unique ways to use almonds - NaturalNews.com Why you should think twice before calling an ambulance - NaturalNews.com Texas calls for a convention of states to amend the U.S. Constitution… can the Republic be saved before it collapses? - NaturalNews.com Oregon government demands organic farm be POISONED with RoundUp (glyphosate), essentially at gunpoint - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com Barter will become the new economy after the global financial collapse, so make sure you have plenty of these items - NaturalNews.com Why you should think twice before calling an ambulance - NaturalNews.com Massachusetts Attorney General says it’s okay for mainstream media to publish death threats against “anti-vaxxers” - NaturalNews.com How root canals lead to a diseased body and what you can do to about it The dirty truth about clean ears: Why you shouldn’t use cotton swabs in your ears - NaturalNews.com Wait a sec… You mean James Comey wrote a memo to HIMSELF, then “leaked” it to the NYT? - NaturalNews.com Mass die-off in the Pacific as hundreds of sharks wash up on the shores of San Francisco - NaturalNews.com EMERGENCY Action Item: Join us in reporting Boston Herald journo-terrorists to the Boston FBI and Boston Police - NaturalNews.com The United Nations 2030 Agenda decoded: It's a blueprint for the global enslavement of humanity under the boot of corporate masters 23 Medicinal plants you need to know about when SHTF - NaturalNews.com Stop an overactive bladder with these 7 herbs and supplements - NaturalNews.com Powerful new film on the HPV vaccine being released by ANH-USA - NaturalNews.com Be careful of what you buy: not all “organic” milk is really organic, report reveals - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck - NaturalNews.com If you’re not using OPTICAL storage, all your data may be wiped out in a nuclear war, solar flare or EMP attack - NaturalNews.com Amazon wants to watch you get dressed: New “Echo Look” camera to spy on you in your own bedroom and bathroom - NaturalNews.com William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com Fake science TV personality Bill Nye goes berserk when REAL scientist schools him on carbon dioxide - NaturalNews.com Carbon dioxide “pollutant” myth totally DEBUNKED in must-see science video - NaturalNews.com “VACCINE RAGE” phenomenon may explain global increase in anger, violence and insanity - NaturalNews.com Stunned researchers discover that the impact of walking dramatically boosts blood flow to the brain, boosting cognitive function - NaturalNews.com $1 trillion budget deal confirms America’s horrifying swamptopian future, hopelessly beyond the zenith of reform or reason - NaturalNews.com SCIENCE SHOCK: Almost all medical studies are “bogus” … reproducibility approaches ZERO - NaturalNews.com 5 Over-the-counter drugs you MUST avoid - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government 10 health benefits of cucumbers Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News FAKE SCIENCE: An astonishing one-third of all FDA-approved drugs turn out to have serious safety problems (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago REPORT: Unvaccinated children have significantly fewer health problems (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Interesting quiz reveals the truth behind what's really "healthy" (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Gum disease - A safe and natural solution (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Will your doctor help you if your child is vaccine-injured? (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Avoid overpriced, magic skin creams by eating your way to beautiful skin (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Southwest Airlines Demonstrates Continued Commitment To Citizenship Through Release Of 2016 One Report DALLAS, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) announced today the release of the 2016 Southwest Airlines One ReportTM, which demonstrates the airline’s continued commitment to the triple bottom line of Performance, People, and Planet.  Highlights from the 2016 One Report include: Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) Performance: Reported record net income of $2.2 billion $3.3 billion in cash and short-term investments as of Dec. 31, 2016 The leader in 25 of the top 50 U.S. metro areas,1 in terms of domestic passenger traffic People: Gave more than $25 million total corporate monetary, in-kind, and ticket donations Employees volunteered a total of 149,695 hours Had 663,787 conversations with Customers through the airline’s Social Listening Center Employees earned $586 million in profitsharing for 2016 Began offering a Tuition Reimbursement Program that provides eligible Employees opportunities for professional development, continuing education, and skills training Planet: Improved jet fuel efficiency by 30.6 percent, on a revenue ton mile2 basis, since 2005 More than $565 million invested in fuel efficiency improvements since 2002 Kept 3,348 tons of waste out of landfills in 2016 through the airline’s repurposing and recycling efforts Donated 5,000 surplus life vests to a nonprofit to assist fishermen in Uganda, keeping waste out of landfills To view the full 2016 One Report, please visit SouthwestOneReport.com. 1.     As measured by the Department of Transportation O&D Survey for the 12 months ended Sept. 30, 2016 based on domestic originating passengers.       2.   A revenue ton mile is one ton of revenue traffic (passenger and cargo) transported one mile. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 54,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017; and service to Turks and Caicos is expected to begin Nov. 5, 2017, subject to requisite government approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-demonstrates-continued-commitment-to-citizenship-through-release-of-2016-one-report-300459598.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility, Environmental Issues, Sales Reports Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CB Financial Services, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Next PostNext Intuit Launches Free Practice Management Features in QuickBooks Online Accountant Search Recent Posts Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation Holds Annual Meeting of Shareholders Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation Holds Annual Meeting of Shareholders While you were sleeping: Wall St sinks on Trump Consumers of broadband and mobile services get better value Dr Pepper Snapple Group Declares Quarterly Dividend Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) Alaska Air to begin service at second Seattle-area airport in 2018 By Alwyn Scott Reuters May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos An Alaska Airlines plane is shown on final approach to land in San Diego, California April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Mike BlakeMore By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE (Reuters) - Alaska Air Group <ALK.N> said on Wednesday it plans to begin scheduled flights from a second Seattle-area airport next year, giving it exclusive access to a growing part of the Pacific Northwest's Puget Sound region. Alaska Air's plan to fly Boeing Co <BA.N> 737 and Embraer <EMBR3.SA> 175 jets from Paine Field in Everett, Washington, starting in the fall of 2018 marks the first commercial service from the airfield, located 31 miles north of Seattle. Alaska plans to provide nine daily flights from the airfield, which is adjacent to Boeing's widebody aircraft factory. Alaska has not yet specified the destinations. "As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right to bring air service to ... the North Sound," Alaska Airlines Chief Executive Brad Tilden said in a statement. The move will relieve the carrier's dependence on Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, which is not expected to add capacity for 10 years, Brett Smith, chief executive of Propeller Airports, which is building the terminal at Paine Field, told Reuters. Sea-Tac, located 17 miles south of Seattle, handled 45.7 million passengers last year, making it the ninth busiest in the United States, according to the Port of Seattle website. Propeller plans to break ground in June on a two-gate, 30,000 square-foot terminal for Alaska, Smith said. Other airlines are expected to eventually join Alaska in operating commercial flights from the new terminal, but Smith added that Paine Field will not grow to become "Sea-Tac North." (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, editing by G Crosse) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Ivanka Trump Leads White House Meeting Without the President Yahoo Style Nobody can solve this math question on a test for 7-year-olds Hello Giggles Bella Hadid Has Wardrobe Malfunction, Hangs With Emily Ratajkowski at the Cannes Film Festival Yahoo Celebrity 'Wolf of Wall Street' Living the High Life Again Despite Owing $100 Million to Scam Victims Inside Edition Mom, 2 Young Sons Feared Dead After Plane Vanishes in Bermuda Triangle Inside Edition House Majority Leader told Republicans in 2016 he thought Putin was paying Trump Business Insider Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC Italy is giving away more than 100 castles and ancient buildings - for FREE Yahoo Finance UK Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider The Lakers avoided their nightmare scenario at the draft lottery, and now the seeds are already being planted to get Lonzo Ball Business Insider 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance Airlines make it tougher to find frequent flyer seats CNBC.com Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Low 39F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 17, 2017 @ 11:15 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close Sharon Lynne Jones, 1936–2017 Sharon Lynne Jones, 1936–2017 Tehachapi News 10 hrs ago 0 Sharon Lynne Jones, 1936–2017 Sharon Lynne Jones, 80, returned to the arms of her Heavenly Father on May 14, 2017. Sharon's strength allowed her to live a productive life filled with service to family, neighbors and church. She was born on September 29, 1936, in Sterling, Ill., to Elwood and LaVerne Bushman. Sharon was raised in Illinois, but the family relocated to California during her high school years, where she graduated from Burbank High School. Soon after graduation, she married William Christy and they settled in Manhattan Beach, where they raised five children. Sharon always had a strong feeling for religion and visited and studied nearly every kind of Christian church, and when missionaries knocked on her door, they answered many of her questions. She knew it was true and became a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In 1968 Sharon and William divorced, and Sharon moved her family to Lancaster. In 1975 Sharon met and married Fred Kellerman, and a son was added to the family. They were later divorced. Sharon worked for Boeing at Edwards Air Force Base and in 1989, moved to Tehachapi, and after being single for 15 years, she married Larry Jones in 1991, where they resided together for the past 25 years. Sharon had a variety of hobbies and talents she used to serve those around her. She loved to read, sew, do beautiful cross-stitching, bake, and research her family’s genealogy. She served in many church callings and was an aide and volunteer at the Hospital Guild for many years. When her health required her to start "taking it easy," Larry and Sharon decided they would go on their own adventures on their motorcycle, or in their truck and camper. Sharon is survived by her sister, Gloria Evans; son, David (Melanie) Christy; daughter, Cheryl Hunter; daughter, Janet Christy; and daughter, Diana (Jonathan) Silva; 18 grandchildren and 41 great-grandchildren. She was preceded in death by her husband; parents; sister, Marilyn Bushman; daughter, Wendy Haller; and son, Stephen Kellerman. A visitation for family and friends will be held on Thursday, May 18, at 10 a.m., followed by funeral services at 11 a.m. at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 600 Anita Drive, Tehachapi, Ca. 93561. Interment will be at the Tehachapi Eastside Cemetery. The family would like to thank ProCare Hospice, and Zoreen and her family at Evergreen Elderly Care for their loving care of our mother. Wood Family Funeral Service has been entrusted with her care. For condolences please visit www.woodmortuary.net. × Add an entry as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Add entry × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch the guestbook. Stop watching this guestbook. Get an email notification whenever someone signs the guestbook. Notifications from this guestbook will end. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) entries Sign the guestbook. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Add an entry Watch the guestbook. Stop watching this guestbook. This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Two in Tehachapi Police custody after short chase, SWAT response Drone prototypes bring new business to Tehachapi Theresa Guadalupe (Marez) Ahonen and Reed Anderson Ahonen Teachers' union, Tehachapi Unified reach contract agreement The Shed now feeds the 'Soul' Warriors' varsity baseball goes undefeated in league Joan Johnson, former Tehachapi News columnist, dies in Washington Frosh/soph baseball ends season undefeated Jacobsen students post success at meets Director highlights downtown Tehachapi improvements, zoning changes Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections Home News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Raytheon Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Raytheon Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acrospire Investment Management LLC Buys Shares of 4,610 Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Sold by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Seadrill Partners LLC (SDLP) Stake Raised by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Knowles Corp (KN) Shares Bought by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Raytheon Company (RTN) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.06 Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Has $949,000 Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Has $734,000 Stake in Domtar Corp (UFS) Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Position Boosted by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Acrospire Investment Management LLC Has $104,000 Position in Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Harris (HRS) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.05 Transocean LTD (RIG) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.06 Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Herman Miller (MLHR) Share Price Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Has $748,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Has $1.2 Million Stake in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) KMG Chemicals (KMG) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Southern National Banc. of Virginia (SONA) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Covisint Corp (COVS) Share Price Parkway Inc (PKY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Raytheon Company (RTN) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.06 May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) have been trending somewhat negative on Wednesday, according to AlphaOne. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Raytheon Company earned a daily sentiment score of -0.06 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media coverage about the aerospace company an impact score of 85 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: Raytheon spikes, drops back after Boeing takeover rumor (seekingalpha.com) Raytheon Company (RTN) Stock: Gaining On Takeover Chatter (cnafinance.com) Cramer’s lightning round: Buy this defense stock on fundamentals, not rumors (finance.yahoo.com) Luke Robitaille named 2017 Raytheon MATHCOUNTS National Champion (finance.yahoo.com) A 13-year-old home school student just won $20,000 in a math competition on ESPN — see if you can answer the winning question (finance.yahoo.com) Several research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Raytheon Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $160.62 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Raytheon Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Raytheon Company from $156.00 to $160.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on shares of Raytheon Company from $160.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Cowen and Company reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective on shares of Raytheon Company in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Raytheon Company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $166.36. Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) traded down 1.37% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $157.57. 1,510,032 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $154.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $149.55. Raytheon Company has a 1-year low of $128.40 and a 1-year high of $163.10. The stock has a market cap of $45.86 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.30 and a beta of 0.67. Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The aerospace company reported $1.73 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.61 by $0.12. Raytheon Company had a net margin of 9.19% and a return on equity of 19.77%. The company had revenue of $6 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.83 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.43 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Raytheon Company will post $7.48 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 11th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, April 12th were issued a $0.7975 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, April 10th. This is an increase from Raytheon Company’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.73. This represents a $3.19 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.00%. Raytheon Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 39.38%. In related news, VP Michael J. Wood sold 518 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $151.73, for a total value of $78,596.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 21,714 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,294,665.22. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, VP David C. Wajsgras sold 5,250 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $154.46, for a total transaction of $810,915.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 150,182 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $23,197,111.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 63,582 shares of company stock valued at $9,656,127 over the last three months. 0.21% of the stock is owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Raytheon Company (RTN) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.06” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/raytheon-company-rtn-receives-daily-news-sentiment-rating-of-0-06.html. Raytheon Company Company Profile Raytheon Company is a technology company, which specializes in defense and other government markets. The Company develops integrated products, services and solutions in various markets, including sensing; effects; command, control, communications, computers, cyber and intelligence; mission support, and cybersecurity. Receive News & Ratings for Raytheon Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Raytheon Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News politics Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air White House Lieberman added to the list of potential Comey replacements Published May 17, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print   President Trump was meeting Wednesday with former Sen. Joe Lieberman and several other potential candidates to replace fired FBI Director James Comey. Lieberman, a Democrat turned independent from Connecticut and a former attorney general for the state, just entered the candidate mix Wednesday. The others scheduled to meet with Trump were acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe; former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating; and Richard McFeely, an FBI official. Some Republican senators called the idea of Lieberman replacing Comey “intriguing.” Others on the lengthy roster of potential Comey replacements include former NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly; former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, R-Mich.; Mayor of Colorado Springs John Suthers; former federal appellate court judge and now EVP of Boeing John Luttig; Director for the FBI’s Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch Paul Abbate; Associate Judge for the New York Court of Appeals Mike Garcia; and Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush. Former Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher, who was interviewed at the Department of Justice on Saturday, has withdrawn her name from the shortlist, according to a source familiar with her conversations.  "Alice had productive discussions, and is honored and humbled to have been considered. She has a tremendous respect for the Justice Department and will support the president's nominee, but has determined that she will not proceed," the source told Fox News. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., and former President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland also recently withdrew themselves from the process.  “Now more than ever, the country needs a well-credentialed, independent FBI Director,” Cornyn said in a statement on Tuesday. “I’ve informed the Administration that I’m committed to helping them find such an individual, and the best way I can serve is continuing to fight for a conservative agenda in the U.S. Senate.” A White House official told Fox News last week that they are working “quickly and expeditiously” and doing their “due diligence.” “We’re not going to cut any corners,” the source told Fox News. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Monday that Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, whose memo on Comey’s handling of the Hillary Clinton email case was cited by the White House as rationale for his firing, were heading the process of finding a replacement. Fox News’ John Roberts, Brooke Singman and Mike Emanuel contributed to this report.    Advertisement Trending in Politics Robert Mueller to oversee Russia election probe as special counsel House GOP Leader's 'Putin pays Trump' remark called a 'failed attempt at humor' Rep. Jason Chaffetz: 'Where is the actual crime that they think they need a special prosecutor to prosecute?' Flynn reportedly told Trump team he was under investigation before inauguration Comey cracks Republican wall: GOP pols voice concerns on Trump 'drama' Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists News F-35s Are Back From Europe: Here's What The Air Force Said Eight Air Force F-35A variants from the 34th Fighter Squadron deployed to RAF Lakenheath in the U.K. in April and were later sent to Estonia and Bulgaria. (U.S. Air Force/Sipa USA/Newscom) GILLIAN RICH 5/17/2017 Reprints Lockheed Martin's (LMT) F-35 flew alongside older fighters from the U.S. and allied forces during its recent European deployment, providing the Air Force with new lessons on how the stealth jet can be supported and integrated with other forces. Pentagon officials envision "fifth-generation" F-35s and F-22s entering a battle space first to suppress any airborne or air-defense threats, allowing older, but more heavily armed "fourth-generation" fighters to follow. Eight Air Force F-35A variants from the 34th Fighter Squadron deployed to RAF Lakenheath in the U.K. in April and were later sent to Estonia and Bulgaria as a show of force in the region and to test the procedures and logistics of moving the F-35 around the area. While the F-35 didn't fly with any Bulgarian or Estonian aircraft, they did train with U.S. Boeing (BA) F-15s stationed at Lakenheath and flew with British, Dutch and Norwegian Lockheed F-16s. The last of the F-35s returned to the U.S. on May 9, and officials from Hill Air Force Base offered more details Wednesday about the plane's first deployment to Europe. "We continue to learn again and again that the 5th gen is making our 4th gen more survivable, and the 4th gen makes us more lethal or deadly with their fire power," Lt. Col. George Watkins, the 34th Fighter Squadron commander, told reporters during a briefing. Here are some other takeaways: Despite Bulgaria's and Estonia's proximity to Russian territory, officials said the F-35s didn't have any contact with Russian forces. On Monday, officials from the F-35 integration office said proper procedures were ensured so that the plane could be flown are the region without worries of adversaries collecting data from the plane. The flight from Hill Air Force Base in Utah to the U.K. was 9.5 hours, and the F-35s were refueled eight or nine times during the crossing. The Air Force keeps the jets topped off in case there is an issue with the refueling tanker, so the planes must have enough fuel to make an emergency landing. The F-35s flew 80 out of 84 scheduled sorties. Four were canceled due to minor maintenance issues. A total of 15 contractors from Northrop Grumman (NOC), United Technologies' (UTX) Pratt & Whitney and Lockheed were deployed. Lockheed shares were down 0.8% at 269.51 in late-afternoon trading on the stock market today, dipping below their 270 buy point amid a broad sell-off. United Technologies, whose Pratt & Whitney unit makes the plane's engines, dropped 1.6%, re-entering the high end of its buy zone. Northrop, a major F-35 subcontractor, dipped 0.1% to 247.18 but still near a 249.53 entry. As tensions heat up in the region, Germany could be the next NATO ally to buy the F-35 outside current NATO partner countries like the U.K., the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey and Italy. According to a Reuters report Wednesday, the German air force requested classified data on the F-35 as it looks to start replacing its older fourth-generation jets between 2025 and 2035. There are no plans yet for a procurement program from Berlin. The F-35 will attend the Paris Air Show next month, but Lockheed, not the Air Force, will get the plane over to the show. RELATED: The Brains For Lockheed's F-35 Just Got Smarter Lockheed's F-35, F-22 May Soon Face Their Moment Of Truth GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news Defense And Aerospace Stocks To Watch And Industry News 5/17/2017 Track the latest news and stocks to watch in the defense and aerospace industry, including Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Northrop... 5/17/2017 Track the latest news and stocks to watch in the... Halliburton, GE Among Firms Seen Getting Saudi Energy Deals Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Stocks Tumble On Trump Woes; Dow Down 250 Points As F-35 Raises Its Profile, How Do You Stop Russian Intel Gathering? These 2 Defense Giants, In Buy Zones, Could Be Big Winners In $100 Billion Saudi Arms Deal Boeing Resumes 737 Max Test Flights 2 Days After Halt 5 Red Flags From This GE Warning That Sent The Stock To 15-Month Lows Boeing Gets Confidence Boost For 737 Max After Halting Flight Tests Today's Spotlight Spring Stock Guide MarketSmith Spring Stock Guide is here! This edition shares investing success stories from veteran users. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. More News Eight Air Force F-35A variants from the 34th Fighter Squadron deployed to RAF Lakenheath in the U.K. in April and were later sent to Estonia and Bulgaria. (U.S. Air Force/Sipa USA/Newscom) F-35s Are Back From Europe: Here's What The Air Force Said BMW rolled out a self-driving prototype at CES in January. The German automaker is working with Intel, Mobileye and Delphi on autonomous vehicles. (ZUMAPRESS.com/Newscom) Self-Driving Alliances Multiply: Keep Track Of The Key Partnerships Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
RSS   Free Trial Home   Advertise   Classifieds   About   Contact Subscribe   Sign In The Star - News, views and advertising of the Grand Coulee Dam Area Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home News Opinion People Births Community Obituaries School Sports Lifestyles Calendar Legals Advertise Classifieds Browse Ads Place An Ad By Don C. Brunell  America needs more welders, fewer philosophers   May 17, 2017 | LXXVII No. 8 | View PDF “America needs more welders and fewer philosophers,” proclaimed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio during the 2016 presidential campaign. He hit the nail on the head without disrespecting philosophers. Industry News reported in 1988 that there were 570,000 welders, compared to the 360,000 in 2012. Considering the manufacturing and construction sectors have boomed in recent years, the growing shortage of welders is troublesome. Even worse, the American Welding Society estimates a 290,000 job deficit by 2020. This shortage is primarily due to the large number of welders reaching retirement age and fewer young men and women signing up for welding classes. It is not a matter of pay. A welder with basic skills can start at approximately $40,000 a year with good benefits. Those who complete further training and gather job-site experience can earn in excess of $100,000 annually. Welders with special skills working on pipelines, with exotic metals, and on underwater projects command even greater wages. There is another financial advantage. Welding students generally don’t face the crushing financial debt from student loans. The average university undergraduate borrower owes $30,100, according to The Institute of College Access and Success. That means they’ll be paying about $300 a month over 10 years. Welding is just one example of America’s shortage of skilled workers. Bloomberg reports U.S. companies are grappling with this looming scarcity. Almost 3.5 million manufacturing positions will need to be filled over the next decade as baby boomers retire, and 2 million of those jobs could remain vacant because of manufacturing’s fading appeal to millennials. “Boeing is well aware of the risks: Shortages of skilled workers from a smaller, mid-1990s exodus contributed to a factory meltdown that halted production of its cash cow, the 737. So earlier this year, the manufacturer carefully structured a voluntary layoff aimed at retirement-age workers, staggering the departures of 1,057 machinists to avoid massive disruptions,” Bloomberg added. Nationally, an estimated three million jobs are available in the skilled trades — electricians, plumbers, manufacturing workers, pipefitters, mechanics, appliance repair, computer techs and welders. Traditionally, known as blue collar jobs, they routinely pay $40,000 to $60,000 a year. According to Salary.com in 2014, the average heavy equipment operator in Seattle earns more than $93,000 a year in wages and benefits. Still, these jobs go begging — and the situation will only worsen as skilled craft workers retire. “The average age of a skilled craftsman such as a carpenter is 49; welder, 55; plumber, 56; and stonemason, 69,” reported Phil Crone, executive officer of the Dallas Builders Association in 2014. My father was a World War II vet who used the GI bill to become a journeyman electrician. He rose through the ranks to become a master electrician and made a good living for his family. His skills and experience landed him coveted jobs as the electrical superintendent of multi-million construction projects housing complicated high-voltage machinery. Just as any craftsman today, he had to master math, science and engineering — the skills we now commonly associate with STEM education. He also had to learn to read, interpret and apply instructions from manuals and blueprints. Acquiring a craft is hard work requiring long hours and persistence. The good news is that this shortage leaves millennials with a great opportunity. There isn’t a shortage in work. There’s a shortage in workers, Industry News concluded. “Rather than spending four to six years in school and selling your soul just to be there, you can complete a trade-specific program in just two years with better potential job security to boot.” The bottom line is skilled workers are vital to bringing manufacturing back to America. You might be interested in: Don't let it wear off Rural America deserves a champion Don't keep the home fires burning Appreciating foster parents Re: "Charges dismissed on former LR teacher"   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Here's hoping you're too bu... 2. Future fire station design... 3. School district exploring o... 4. Special Colorama section in... 5. Local educators honored MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     The Star | P.O. Box 150, Grand Coulee, WA 99133 Ph: (509) 633-1350 or Toll-free: (888) 633-1350 | star@grandcoulee.com | www.grandcoulee.com Content and information copyright Star Publishing, Inc. DBA The Star Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2017 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 05/17/2017 11:12
Opinion Six-part opinion series Our Dishonest President READ NOW BUSINESS Trump likes to talk about steel and manufactured goods. America’s better trade hope may lie in exported services Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press An engineer with Cisco shows graphics with live wireless traffic to a FedEx employee at a conference in San Francisco. Both companies sell services abroad. An engineer with Cisco shows graphics with live wireless traffic to a FedEx employee at a conference in San Francisco. Both companies sell services abroad. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press) Don LeeContact Reporter When President Trump bemoans the U.S. trade deficit, he’s almost always speaking about goods — steel, beef, lumber, car parts and other products that flow in and out of the country But the far bigger long-term growth potential and competitive opportunity for turning around America’s trade woes lies with exported services, from financial consulting and insurance to engineering and digital music. Unlike trade in goods, in which the U.S. ran a deficit of $750 billion last year, the country posted a $250-billion surplus in services the same year. With a handful of exceptions, the U.S. enjoys a surplus in service exports with nearly every other country it trades with. In the case of a few nations, exports of services turned American trade deficits into surpluses. For example, Trump recently complained about Canada’s $15-billion advantage in trade of goods with the U.S., but when services are counted, it is the U.S. that has an overall $8-billion surplus. “The real action in the future is trade of services; it’s large and growing rapidly,” said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics. He and others see the lack of attention given to U.S. service exports as a lost opportunity. If we pick a fight with the rest of the world [on goods], that’s going to short-circuit the trade in services. — Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics Exports account for just 4% of the sales of U.S. services that are tradeable, compared with about 20% of American manufactured goods, said J. Bradford Jensen, a professor at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business and a leading expert on services trade. And while 1 out of 4 U.S. manufacturers export, only 5% of businesses that provide exportable services do so. “I don’t think anyone disputes that the United States has globally competitive service firms — finance, insurance, the Internet, Hollywood, music, architects, engineers, R&D scientists — all that stuff, we’re as good as they come,” Jensen said. “And yet we’re not exporting a lot of that to countries that need them, like China and India.” It’s not unusual for the public, or presidents, to link trade with manufactured goods that are loaded into containers and shipped in ocean waters. Trump has gone further by making trade and manufacturing jobs his top economic priority, though — something that many economists criticize as a misguided fixation. That focus on manufactured goods has led Trump to lash out at trading partners like Mexico, threatening to slap tariffs on imported products and tear up trade pacts such as the North American Free Trade Agreement. But experts say such moves could backfire by sparking a trade war that would inevitably spread to service exports. “If we pick a fight with the rest of the world [on goods], that’s going to short-circuit the trade in services,” Zandi said.     Worldwide, growth of trade in services has been outstripping that of goods over the last quarter century. Not all services are tradeable; hotels, restaurants and home healthcare providers can’t export their labor-intensive services. But some of the fastest-growing and most lucrative services can, such as professional and technical work. U.S. exports of services to China, for example, have tripled since the Great Recession in 2009, to more than $53 billion last year. They include sales of Microsoft software, Hollywood movies, maintenance work on Boeing aircraft in China, as well as an array of services related to the Asian country’s infrastructure development and environmental improvements. Also counted as exports of services are royalty revenues and fees collected for patents and licenses. That would include, for example, the potential future earnings for Trump, who recently received provisional approval from Beijing for trademarks of the Trump brand that could end up on hotels, golf courses and other businesses, just as in the U.S. The U.S. currently has a trade surplus with almost every country. India stands out as the biggest exception, thanks to that country’s exports of I.T. services, including revenues from U.S. companies contracting with call centers in India.     Experts say American service providers would be selling more abroad were it not for a wide variety of barriers in overseas markets. Many countries are even more protective of their services than manufactured goods, such as banking, telecommunications and sectors that disseminate information. The Obama administration sought to break down some of those barriers in negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the trade agreement with 11 other nations that span the Pacific Ocean. As a candidate, Trump sharply criticized the agreement as a bad deal for America, and he canceled the pending pact as soon as he took office. Even so, Trump’s trade team is expected to incorporate some of the provisions and language on services reached in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. And last week, the White House announced a trade deal with Beijing in which China agreed to take steps to open access to its financial markets, including for U.S. providers of electronic payment services. Positive as that news was, American services firms said they would not know the actual impact until licenses are approved and banks in China issue foreign brand cards for domestic use, according to the Coalition of Services Industries, a Washington trade group. If barriers to services exports remain, it’s partly because the U.S. has paid relatively little attention to the problem. “The U.S. has a comparative advantage in services, but in a sense it’s not doing as much to exploit this advantage,” said Andrea Ariu, a post-doctoral fellow at the Geneva School of Economics and Management who has researched services trade in the world. All the short-term attention on trade and manufacturing jobs will not help America’s economic competitiveness down the road, he said, noting that other countries are investing more in developing exportable services like scientific research, to win contracts, for example, for specialized measurements or lab analyses of materials. “Ten to 15 years from now, I’m pretty sure China will develop the services sector a lot. They might become as good as the U.K. and the U.S. one day,” Ariu said. To some analysts, the Trump administration’s rationale for focusing on manufacturing and trade rests partly on nostalgia and outdated economic statistics. Trump has talked of returning America to its glory days when it was an industrial powerhouse, but manufacturing today accounts for 8.5% of total U.S. employment, down from 25% in the 1970s. Industrial output now represents only 12% of the nation’s gross domestic product. Trump administration officials wistfully point to Germany, which has a large trade surplus with the U.S. and the rest of the world, and where manufacturing still makes up 20% of employment. But what’s not often noted is that Germany’s factory payrolls too have shrunk, by about half since 1970 as a share of overall employment, as manufacturing has become much more automated and globalized.     Peter Navarro, a trade and manufacturing policy adviser to Trump, argues that manufacturing is what matters in trade because it pays significantly higher wages than services and has a much bigger ripple effect on the rest of the economy. But that thinking, too, looks outmoded. With the decline of unions, outsourcing and global competitive pressures, average manufacturing wages in the U.S. have fallen behind those of the services sector at large. Excluding supervisors, the hourly pay of U.S. manufacturing workers has increased at an average annual rate of 1.9% over the last decade, compared with 2.9% for the service-producing economy, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The result is that factory workers today make on average $20.43 an hour, 90 cents less than service workers. It was the other way around in 2005. The gap in pay is even bigger when comparing the average production worker with those in business and professional services, whose earnings are more than 20% higher. What’s more, experts say trade in services is not only growing at a faster rate but is much larger than government statistics indicate. While traded products are measured as they pass through customs, services are harder to track and sometimes hidden in the value of manufactured goods. “What you would not see reported anywhere necessarily is the amount of services and labor that went into production and servicing of exports,” said Christine Bliss, president of the Coalition of Services Industries. In Rochester, Mich., Rob Patterson and Kevin Zalewski export personalized, customized-bound books. The company is called LoveBook, inspired by the hand-made notebook filled with sweet inscriptions that Patterson first gave to his wife as a gift. Seven years on, LoveBook now has 16 employees and more than $10 million in sales, and about 40% of that is exports. But most of what it sells abroad are not manufactured goods — they’re digital books sold to Britain, Australia and dozens of other countries. The digital versions are sent to local printing shops, which then produce the books and ship them to customers. LoveBook doesn’t face traditional barriers like tariffs. What keeps its business from growing faster is better transportation services and greater ability to market, especially in developing countries where U.S.-based social media and other information technology services are met with obstacles. Facebook is banned in China, for example, and it’s common for governments to restrict the free flow and storage of data across borders. “It seems people are used to developing policy based on old-fashioned goods,” said Patterson, 43, himself a former employee of an old-line consumer products manufacturer. “The top companies 20 to 30 years ago were auto companies and appliance and other manufacturers of goods,” he said. “But you’re seeing this shift to companies that deal in data rather than in tangible products. That’s the way a lot of the market is going.” don.lee@latimes.com Follow me at @dleelatimes Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Meet the Malibu lawyer who is upending California's political system, one town at a time Gov. Brown's budget proposal includes an extra $15 million to help Californians facing deportation A mother and her child were gunned down walking home from a supermarket. A suspect was charged, but mystery remains Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 60°
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning SpaceX launches heaviest satellite yet into orbit 60 Minutes Politics James Comey Newsmakers The Bin Laden Documents Health & Science Curiosity CBS Evening News Special counsel named CBS Evening News Chaffetz on Comey CBS Evening News Trump defiant CBSN Robert Mueller appointed CBS Evening News Republicans and Trump CBS Evening News Raqqa refugees CBS Evening News ISIS' bomb-making research CBS Evening News Tom Brady concussions CBSN Beehive found in ceiling CBS Evening News Schiff on Comey memo CBS Evening News Intel on ISIS CBS Evening News Trump's intelligence leak CBS Evening News AT&T over-charging complaints CBS Evening News Caffeine overdose death SciTech 5 ways to stop the next WannaCry cyberattack SciTech Shadow Brokers hacker group says more NSA leaks to come SciTech Adylkuzz hack, called larger than WannaCry, hits computers SciTech Quake scientists make surprising find underground SciTech T. rex could pulverize bones with astonishing force SciTech Check your bag while Delta scans your face SciTech Should U.S. "stockpile" web vulnerabilities? SciTech Scientists crack mystery of rotting "sea monster" SciTech Love of "Star Trek" inspires highly illogical careers SciTech Mystery over Earth's light flashes may be solved SciTech SpaceX launches 2nd satellite in just 14 days SciTech Microsoft slams officials for "stockpiling" security flaws By William Harwood CBS News May 15, 2017, 10:01 PM SpaceX launches second satellite in just 14 days Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Under a clear sunset sky, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket streaked into space Monday, boosting a heavy Inmarsat communications satellite into orbit in the California rocket builder's second flight in just two weeks, its sixth so far this year. Thirty-two minutes after liftoff, the Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite -- the fourth in a global constellation of high-speed Ka-band relay stations serving aircraft, ships at sea and other government and commercial users around the world -- was released into the planned highly elliptical orbit. SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches spy satellite SpaceX successfully launches satellite in historic flight with "used" booster Over the next 90 days or so, the bus-size satellite's on-board thrusters will be used to circularize the orbit 22,300 miles above the equator where the relay station will turn in lockstep with Earth and appear stationary in the sky. It is joining three virtually identical Boeing-built satellites in Inmarsat's $1.6 billion Global Xpress constellation. "It's the first global seamless broadband service specifically designed for mobile applications," Michele Franci, chief technology officer at Inmarsat, told Spaceflight Now. "That is the background of Inmarsat, mobile applications, so this constellation, and the entire network around it, has been designed to be optimized for mobile users." The mission got underway at 7:21 p.m. EDT (GMT-4) when the Falcon 9's first-stage engines ignited with a rush of fiery exhaust. An instant later, the rocket was released from its firing stand and it smoothly climbed into the early evening sky atop a brilliant jet of flame from its nine Merlin 1D engines. Arcing away to the east, the rocket climbed out of the thick lower atmosphere and two minutes and 45 seconds after launch, the first stage engines shut down, the stage fell away and the rocket's second stage, powered by a single Merlin engine, continued the climb to space. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite tipped the scales at 13,417 pounds, the heaviest satellite yet launched by SpaceX to a geosynchronous transfer orbit. As a result, the Falcon 9 used virtually all of its first-stage propellants lifting the payload out of the lower atmosphere and it was not possible to fly the booster back to a landing. Play Video SciTech Watch: SpaceX launches spy satellite into orbit A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off early Monday, carrying a classified National Reconnaissance Office spy satellite into orbit. Then the rocke... Of the six flights launched by SpaceX so far this year, four stages were successfully recovered, two on off-shore drone ships and two back at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Monday's flight was the second this year in which a landing was ruled out by the weight and orbital requirements of the satellite payload. In any case, the Falcon 9's second stage fired twice to reach a so-called "super synchronous" elliptical orbit and the Inmarsat-5 satellite was safely released to fly on its own. The Inmarsat-5 satellite originally was built as a spare and is now intended to expand existing service. It originally was scheduled for launch aboard a heavy-lift version of the Falcon, a rocket made up of three Falcon 9 first stage cores and a single upper stage. The maiden flight of the Falcon Heavy has been repeatedly delayed -- it currently is planned for sometime this summer -- but engine upgrades made it possible to launch the 6.7-ton Inmarsat-5 satellite to a single-core Falcon 9, clearing the way for Monday's flight. The Inmarsat-5 series satellites are the backbone of the company's Global Xpress system, providing airline passenger connectivity, "so it's wi-fi services for passengers for web browsing, email, video downloads and uploads," said Franci. "Our biggest market today is in merchant shipping, and there it will provide a combination of operational services and crew welfare," he said. "In maritime, our system is actually integrated. We have L-band and Ka-band that are seamlessly joined up on the ship itself, and our system automatically evaluates the quality of the link. "We stay in Ka-band as long as we can, and if ever the link would become poor, either because of edge of coverage reasons or very bad weather, we would jump over to L-band. We offer always-on resilience and reliability when it comes down to real needs, and the quality of broadband for most of the time." Play Video CBSN Watch: SpaceX "used" rocket launch Watch SpaceX's successful launch and land of a rocket that's flown before. This was SpaceX's sixth launch so far this year, its 34th Falcon 9 flight overall and the seventh since a Falcon 9 exploded on its Cape Canaveral Air Force Base launch pad Sept. 1. SpaceX has recovered 10 first stage boosters in 15 attempts over the past two years. Today's flight was SpaceX's second in just 14 days, demonstrating the rapid-fire pace company officials are counting on to work through a backlog of satellites. If all goes well, SpaceX will launch a space station-bound Dragon cargo ship June 1, a Bulgarian communications satellite on June 15 and an Intelsat relay station around the end of June. If that blistering pace holds up, SpaceX will have launched nine Falcon 9s in just six months. A key element in maintaining that rapid launch rate is returning pad 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to service. The pad was heavily damaged in the Sept. 1 pre-flight mishap but it is expected to be back on line shortly. SpaceX operates a launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and two pads in Florida. The company plans to use pad 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station primarily for commercial payloads and to reserve pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center for the Falcon Heavy, Dragon space station resupply flights and launches of crew ferry ships being designed to carry astronauts to and from the space station. Three Dragon cargo flights are planned this year, along with the Heavy's maiden launch. The first unpiloted test flight of SpaceX's Dragon crew ship is expected next March. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes 60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll: Media The Bin Laden Documents Curiosity James Comey Comey in 2014: FBI needs "independence" from politics Play Video James Comey Play Video The Bin Laden Documents Play Video Curiosity Play Video Trump defiant Play Video Republicans and Trump Play Video Special counsel named Play Video ISIS' bomb-making research Play Video Tom Brady concussions Play Video Chaffetz on Comey Previous Next 21 Photos Powers Boothe 1948-2017 21 Photos Cancer family: Joined in illness 44 Photos Goldie Hawn 15 Photos Portraits of Johnny Mathis 61 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Comey memo says Trump asked him to drop Flynn probe Trump says Comey "better hope that there are no 'tapes'" of conversations Senate hearing on worldwide threats with acting FBI director -- live updates Former FBI head Robert Mueller appointed special counsel New details on "inappropriate" info Trump shared with Russia New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,357.03 -43.64 (-1.82%) Dow 30 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Nasdaq 6,011.24 -158.63 (-2.57%) The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Justin Bachman Bloomberg May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share  More The popular view of U.S. Army aviation owes a lot to Hollywood. Think of an Army helicopter, and the below is probably what comes to mind—courtesy of dozens of films such as Platoon, Apocalypse Now, and Black Hawk Down. The Bell UH-1 “Huey” helicopter was a U.S. staple in Vietnam, while the 1980s-era Boeing Co. AH-64 Apache attack chopper was the first combat aircraft to fire a shot in the 1991 invasion of Iraq. Sikorsky’s UH-60 Black Hawk, the Army’s Huey replacement, has been a workhorse for troop transport and American special operations missions, including an unconfirmed stealthy version used in the 2011 raid that killed Osama bin Laden. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Claims ‘Absolute Right’ to Disclose Information to Russia For the most part, however, these aircraft are aged and require immense maintenance to stay aloft, which is costly to taxpayers and dents combat capability. The Pentagon, meanwhile, has been struggling to maintain aviation readiness across all service branches, with helicopters among the worst offenders. As a result, the military is working overtime to find a less burdensome way forward for what it calls vertical lift aircraft. They call it the Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator. For the Army’s part of this program, Textron Inc.’s Bell Helicopter subsidiary and Lockheed Martin Corp.’s Sikorsky Aircraft, teamed up with Boeing, are offering dueling visions of futuristic rotorcraft destined to replace the huge numbers of Black Hawk and Apache helicopters that, respectively, provide troop movement and attack capability. Both designs are focused on providing the Army with greater speed, range, and hover stability than is available in a traditional helicopter—all while reducing unit and maintenance costs. This final point is crucial, since the Pentagon believes these new aircraft will cost less to buy and maintain than its current, more delicate fleet. More from Bloomberg.com: Rich Retirees Are Hoarding Cash Out of Fear   Bell’s Valor Bell Helicopter is modifying the tilt-rotor technology featured in the existing V-22 Osprey for a smaller Army craft called the V-280 Valor. Tilt-rotor craft have rotating propellers that allow them to take off like a helicopter and then fly like an airplane. The Osprey, despite suffering several fatal crashes in its development, has become a workhorse for the Marine Corps, which retains the majority of the 400 built to date (the Air Force has a few, too). With a flat carbon composite wing, the V-280 offers a crucial difference from the larger Osprey, which is built in conjunction with Boeing, in that the rotors move but not the entire engine housing. The flat wing design is aimed at affordability, as is the reduction of moving pieces when transitioning from lift to horizontal flight. Bell officials stressed the “manufacturability” of their design a half dozen times during a recent tour of the company’s Amarillo, Texas, assembly facility, where it’s completing final tweaks for the V-280. More from Bloomberg.com: Mom-and-Pop Joints Are Trouncing America's Big Restaurant Chains The craft has a composite airframe and will cruise at 280 knots (322 mph), slightly speedier than the Osprey but dramatically faster than a helicopter. Bell plans to fly the V-280 Valor later this year. It’s designed to carry four crew and 14 troops. Sikorsky’s Defiant The SB>1 Defiant is based on what Sikorsky calls “X2 Technology,” which encompasses a coaxial rotor system, an aft propeller, active vibration controls, active rudders and elevators, and fly-by-wire controls. The Defiant will cruise at 250 knots (288 mph) and offer greater hover stability, too. The helicopter is said to offer less downdraft and noise due to its dual rotors. Sikorsky, however, has faced questions about whether its new tech can translate to heavier helicopter platforms. The company has so far tested it on smaller aircraft such as the S-97 Raider, while the Defiant as currently designed is meant to carry four crew and 12 fully equipped troops. This spring, Sikorsky pushed its first flight test back to 2018. In a statement, the company expressed confidence that it can make the leap to larger aircraft, citing “analytics, and wind tunnel testing.” “We are confident that we understand and can manage the impacts of scaling the technology,” Sikorsky Vice President Dan Spoor said in an email. More from Bloomberg.com Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft Trump Asked Comey to Drop FBI Investigation of Flynn, Memo Says 25 Million Americans Could Find Mortgage Tax Break Useless Under Trump’s Plan Read The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Manning leaves U.S. prison seven years after giving secrets to WikiLeaks Reuters Exclusive: Germany asks U.S. for classified briefing on Lockheed's F-35 fighter Business Insider UK 'No disruption' in ally relationships: Mattis AFP Chelsea Manning, Soldier Behind Historic Classified Leak, Released From Prison Foreign Policy Magazine Lockheed Martin (LMT) Wins $25M Army Deal for PATRIOT System Zacks House Majority Leader told Republicans in 2016 he thought Putin was paying Trump Business Insider Senator Warren: Republicans have locked us out of health care reform talks Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett and Tony Robbins agree on the best way to invest your money CNBC Here's the next big trade Yahoo Finance Video PayPal now lets you pay online with a fingerprint scan Yahoo Finance In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain Business Insider The Lakers avoided their nightmare scenario at the draft lottery, and now the seeds are already being planted to get Lonzo Ball Business Insider 'Imagine Jackie Robinson happened today': SportsCenter chief on ESPN's politics Yahoo Finance Senators spending time on Russia ties Yahoo Finance Video Stocks get crushed, Dow falls 370 Yahoo Finance Big money pros predict the next big trade Yahoo Finance What is the 25th Amendment, and could it be used to remove Trump? M: I dont like Trump, but I find it disgraceful what the media continues to do to our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.4k
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz World War III Air Battle: America's F-15 vs. Russia's Su-35 Dave Majumdar May 17, 2017 TweetShareShare More likely to happen is that a F-15 would run into a Su-35 operated by some Third World despot. The pilots are not likely to have the training, tactics or experience to fight against an American aviator with a realistic chance of winning. Further, Russian jets are not exactly known for their reliability, combine that with poorly trained maintenance crews and lack of spare parts, some random Third World power is not likely to be able generate a fully operational jet much of the time. Furthermore, other than Russia and China, a potential adversary is not likely to have an AWACS or full ground controlled intercept capabilities—which further hampers the enemy. Bottom line: unless the F-15 is fighting World War III, the Air Force is probably going to be ok keeping the Eagle in service for another two decades. It might not be the one-sided turkey-shoot the Air Force has gotten used to, but the United States isn’t in danger of losing air superiority. The Boeing F-15C Eagle has been in service with the U.S. Air Force for nearly 40 years and will likely serve for decades to come. Over the years, the mighty F-15 has been upgraded to keep pace with evolving threats, but does the venerable Eagle still have what it takes to dominate the skies? The answer is yes—absolutely. The Eagle may be old, but it’s still one of the best air superiority fighters flying. The only operational aircraft that is definitively superior to the F-15 in most respects is the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor—other machines have the edge in certain aspects, but the F-15C is still competitive overall despite what the business development departments at various rival contractors might say. Perhaps the most advanced threat the F-15 is likely to encounter is the Russian-built Sukhoi Su-35 Flanker-E. While there are more advanced threats in development, those aircraft are likely to be too expensive to ever become commonplace. The Su-35 isn’t the most common potential threat out there, but there is a good chance it will proliferate. Indonesia has reportedly decided to purchase the Su-35, and we know that the Chinese have had discussions about a potential purchase. The Su-35 is a genuinely dangerous war machine, and in many metrics, it matches or even exceeds the capabilities of the latest upgrades for the F-15. In terms of pure kinematic performance, the Su-35 is slightly slower than the F-15C in terms of max speed but it can out accelerate the Eagle with its powerful twin Saturn Izdeliye 117S engines, which put out 31,900lbs of thrust each. Further, when the jet is relatively lightly loaded, it can maintain supersonic speeds without the use of its afterburners. While excellent acceleration at high altitude to supersonic speeds is a huge advantage, the F-15C is no slouch—and it wouldn’t be a decisive edge for the Russian jet. However, where the Su-35 does have an insurmountable edge is at low speeds. The Flanker-E has three-dimensional thrust vectoring and is unbelievably maneuverable at low speeds. However, given the advent of helmet mounted cuing systems and high off-boresight missiles like the AIM-9X and Russian R-73, more often than not, close in visual encounters tend to be “mutual kill” situations as many pilots can attest. A lot of it is going to come down to pilot skill and, frankly, luck.   At longer ranges, the F-15C and the F-15E still have the advantage over the Su-35 with their active electronically scanned array radars. The Raytheon APG-63 (v) 3 and APG-82 (v)1 on the two Eagle variants are still considerably superior to the Su-35S’ Tikhomirov IRBIS-E phased array radar. The Su-35 does hold a fleeting advantage for now for passive sensors since it has a built-in infrared search and track system (IRST), but the F-15 fleet will receive a very capable IRST in the near future—nullifying the Flanker’s edge. One area the Flanker-E probably holds the edge is with its electronic warfare suite. The Su-35S boasts a potent digital radio frequency memory jamming suite that can wreck havoc with the AIM-120 AMRAAM missile. While American missiles are likely to eventually make it through, it will take many more missiles to achieve a kill than planners were counting on. The Su-35, meanwhile, carries a huge arsenal of air-to-air missiles versus the F-15 fleet’s obsolete defensive electronics. The U.S. Air Force is keenly aware of the problem, which is why it places such emphasis of on the $7.6 billion Eagle Passive/Active Warning and Survivability System upgrade. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsEurope More stories by: Dave Majumdar Trump and the Art of Dealing with Israel Trump initially led Israel to believe that he wasn't interested in a two-state solution. Now, the president has changed his mind. Dov S. Zakheim Trump Needs to Examine the Gaping Hole in the Colombia Peace Deal The inconvenient truth is that the peace deal is a victory for the FARC. Christine Balling Could Iran Elect Its Own Rodrigo Duterte? Ebrahim Raisi oversaw 1988’s infamous “death panels.” Now he could unseat Hassan Rouhani. John Allen Gay Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Schedule Announcers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Richard Leguil Justin LaBounty Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Listen Listen Live WJON Mobile App Mobile Site SONOS Events Insane Inflatable 5K Wing Fest 2017 Paint N Party IDoMN Wedding Guide Online Job Fair Community Calendar Send Us Your Event VIP Club Contests Help Sign Up Contests Win Your Dream Getaway! Dream Getaway Rules Win a Roomba Win a Visa Gift Card Win a Home Security System Win an Xbox One S Win a Scheels Gift Card Win $50 to Handyman’s Hardware Win Free Golf Win a Kayak Trip Win Beats Headphones Win a Fujifilm Camera Win a Cabelas Gift Card Win a Lawnmower Weather Forecast & Radar Closings News The Latest St. Cloud News State/Regional News Minnesota Sports Highlights Sports Fitness Friday All-Star Students Join the Club Behind the Scenes Outdoor News Outdoor Tips Everyday Heroes Frozen in Time Made in Central Minnesota This Date in History Features Contact Your Lawmakers Area Gas Prices Lost and Found Obituaries Contact Contact Info Feedback Send Us Your Announcement Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Your Dream Getaway! Insane Inflatable 5K Governor’s Fishing Opener Giving Tuesday Most Stressful Jobs Home Town Spotlight WJON Mobile App MN Sports Video Pacific Wok Business Profile IDoMN Wedding Guide Vera Mae Noggle, 94, Sauk Rapids By WJON Staff May 17, 2017 11:27 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter   May 14, 1923 – May 16, 2017   Memorial services will be 11:00 a.m. Friday, May 19, 2017 at Williams Dingmann Family Funeral Home in Sauk Rapids for Vera Mae Noggle, 94 of Sauk Rapids, who died on Tuesday at the St. Cloud Hospital. Friends and relatives may call one hour prior to services at the funeral home on Friday. Burial will be at the Minnesota State Veterans Cemetery in Little Falls. Vera was born on May 14, 1923 in St. Cloud to Gordon and Cecilia (Schweitzer) Utz. She married Forrest G. Noggle on June 29, 1946 at First United Methodist Church in St. Cloud. She was employed at Boeing Aircraft in Kansas City, KS during World War II as a Rosie the Riveter. Vera came back to Minnesota in 1946 and lived in St. Cloud until 1950 when she moved to Sauk Rapids. She worked at Fingerhut until she retired in 1985. Vera did various volunteer work at Good Shepherd, Country Manor, St. Benedict Village, Benton County Health, Women’s Guild, R.S.V.P., VA Hospital, Whitney Senior Center Dining Room and Wood Block Room and was a Boy Scout Leader. Vera also did some volunteering babysitting. She babysat for young mothers while they took a class at Salem Lutheran Church, babysat at the St. Cloud Hospital and also babysat for a boy named Kenny who was handicapped. Vera was a life member of VFW Post 6992 Auxiliary, MCOA 62, sang for the St. Cloud Fun Singers for 22 years, was a member of Sauk Rapids Senior Citizens and was awarded Benton County Queen in 1993 at the State Fair. Vera received the Remarkable People Award in 1989 and was on channel 4 news. Vera was President of the Missionary Circle at Alliance Church, VFW Auxiliary and the St. Cloud Fun Singers. Also, Vera started in 1994 making mittens and hats for Toys for Tots making about 200 pairs each year. Believe it or not this is just a summary of Vera’s accomplishments. She never stopped thinking of others and was always willing to help another person out. Survivors include her children, Gordon (Suzanne) of Rice, Harold (Joyce) of Guenery, WY, Anna Mae (Ronnie) Thompson of Cloquet; eight grandchildren, three step grandchildren, 11 great grandchildren and one on the way and three step great grandchildren; sisters, Virginia of Orlando, FL, Carol of Kansas City, MO; and brothers, Eugene (Wanda) of Gower, MO, Gerald of Coldwell, ID, Robert of Platsburg, MO and Thomas (Sandra) of Platsburg, MO. She was preceded in death by her husband Forrest in 1971; brothers Richard in 1969 and Fred in 2010; parents and grandson Jason in 1998.     Filed Under: Williams Dingmann Funeral Home Category: Obituaries Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WJON Minnesota Lawmakers Sign off on Upgraded IDs UPDATE: Missing Annandale Teenager Found In St. Cloud [VIDEO] Stearns County History Museum To Host 1970’s Exhibit Weather Announcements for May 17th, 2017 Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Tip Us: 320.257.7202 Listen Live Meet the Writers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Justin LaBounty Richard Leguil Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Jerry Carlson See All Staff WJON on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Value Connection WJON Newsletter MN Sports Video Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more. Sign Up Now TOP STORIES UPDATE: Missing Annandale Teenager Found In St. Cloud [VIDEO] Stearns County History Museum To Host 1970’s Exhibit Weather Announcements for May 17th, 2017 Search Continues for Missing Teen, Aaliyah Kazimer [VIDEO] Update: Wet Week Continues for Much of Minnesota More News Recent Obituaries Frances R. Ludwig, 101, Albany, formerly of International Falls Colton Joseph Walz, 19 months, Richmond Tamara “Tammy” Ringger, 42, Sauk Rapids Vera Mae Noggle, 94, Sauk Rapids Edmund “Eddie” Wehseler, 88, Albany More Obituaries EEO Copyright Notice Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare St. Cloud Business Listings Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wjon.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to The WJON VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for The WJON VIP Club Register Now Sign up for The WJON VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive The WJON VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: AM 1240 WJON Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Latest News Dow 20,607 -372.82 -1.78% Nasdaq 6,011 -158.63 -2.57% S&P 500 2,357 -43.64 -1.82% 3:06 A.M. ET National Grid pretax profit rises 13% 3:05 A.M. ET Hargreaves Lansdown chairman to step down 3:05 A.M. ET Royal Mail pretax profit rises 25% 3:04 A.M. ET Greggs sees growing costs hitting profit 3:03 A.M. ET Burberry Group shares rise 1.7% after earnings report 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.1% lower at 12,622.53 3:02 A.M. ET Fast-spreading new cyber-threat is poised to outstrip WannaCry, experts fear 3:02 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 Bank Index opens 0.7% lower 3:01 A.M. ET France CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,312.26 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% lower at 7,473.33 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 390.24 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Burberry profit falls 5% on one-off costs 2:48 A.M. ET French unemployment rate falls to 5-year low 2:47 A.M. ET Merck profit falls 12% 2:46 A.M. ET Cisco to lay off another 1,100 workers 2:46 A.M. ET Grupo Lala leads bids for Danone's Stonyfield Farm 2:46 A.M. ET Philippine economy unexpectedly loses steam 2:45 A.M. ET Chinese investors aren't buying PBOC's yuan fix 1:20 A.M. ET Oil prices step back as focus turns to OPEC meeting 1:03 A.M. ET Australian jobless rate sees surprise April fall Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Most Dow stocks are below their 50-day moving averages By Tomi Kilgore Published: May 17, 2017 12:01 p.m. ET Share By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor As the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.78% slips Wednesday below its 50-day moving average (MA), which many technicians use to define the short-term trend, 17 of its 30 components are also below their respective 50-day MAs. Of that total, shares of Boeing Co. BA, -2.15% and Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, -1.24% are below their 50-day MAs after closing above them on Tuesday, while UnitedHealth Group Inc.'s stock UNH, +0.44% was above its 50-day MA as recently as Monday. Of that total, Pfizer Inc. PFE, -1.13% Chevron Corp. CVX, -1.38% General Electric Co. GE, -2.25% Intel Corp. INTC, -2.18% Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -1.83% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -1.79% Merck and Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.02% were also below their respective 200-day MAs, which are viewed as dividing lines between longer-term uptrends and downtrends. Exxon Mobil Corp.'s stock XOM, -0.68% was below its 200-day MA, but was still above its 50-day MA. The Dow was down 237 points at 20743, below the 50-day MA at 20,783, but well above the 200-day MA at 19,547. Quote References DJIA -372.82 -1.78% BA -3.92 -2.15% MRK -0.79 -1.24% UNH +0.74 +0.44% PFE -0.37 -1.13% CVX -1.47 -1.38% GE -0.63 -2.25% INTC -0.78 -2.18% VZ -0.83 -1.83% IBM -2.75 -1.79% PG +0.02 +0.02% XOM -0.56 -0.68% Show all references Most Popular Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point jump if Trump resigns Who’s more entitled — baby boomers or millennials? Finally, an answer... This sell-off is as much about earnings as it is about Trump Here’s how impeachment works — and why Trump is safe for now Rebuilding a Historic Villa on the French Riviera MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,606.93 -372.82 (-1.78%) Volume 423.2M Open 20,846 High 20,846 Low 20,601 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $178.78 -3.92 (-2.15%) Volume 2.5M Open $181.39 High $181.52 Low $178.68 P/E Ratio 21.91 Div Yield 3.18 Market Cap 110.3B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.00 -0.79 (-1.24%) Volume 7.7M Open $63.38 High $63.58 Low $62.88 P/E Ratio 40.49 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 174.5B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $168.86 +0.74 (+0.44%) Volume 4.4M Open $166.96 High $170.39 Low $166.65 P/E Ratio 21.03 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 162.0B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.23 -0.37 (-1.13%) Volume 26.1M Open $32.31 High $32.57 Low $32.21 P/E Ratio 27.2 Div Yield 3.97 Market Cap 194.6B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $104.70 -1.47 (-1.38%) Volume 6.3M Open $105.53 High $106.27 Low $104.62 P/E Ratio 68.44 Div Yield 4.13 Market Cap 203.2B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $27.41 -0.63 (-2.25%) Volume 51.4M Open $27.82 High $27.87 Low $27.41 P/E Ratio 25.27 Div Yield 3.5 Market Cap 244.2B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $35.04 -0.78 (-2.18%) Volume 25.7M Open $35.67 High $35.99 Low $35.02 P/E Ratio 15.23 Div Yield 3.11 Market Cap 168.7B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $44.48 -0.83 (-1.83%) Volume 21.1M Open $44.95 High $44.98 Low $44.46 P/E Ratio 14.83 Div Yield 5.19 Market Cap 184.8B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $150.93 -2.75 (-1.79%) Volume 5.0M Open $153.30 High $154.14 Low $150.89 P/E Ratio 12.41 Div Yield 3.98 Market Cap 144.4B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $86.26 +0.02 (+0.02%) Volume 7.5M Open $86.22 High $86.63 Low $85.93 P/E Ratio 24.55 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 220.6B Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $81.99 -0.56 (-0.68%) Volume 10.6M Open $82.30 High $83.04 Low $81.96 P/E Ratio 34.27 Div Yield 3.76 Market Cap 349.8B
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Education News The future of education is all about inter-disciplinary education: Dean Kahler Shares0 Nishtha Balagopal | Wed, 17 May 2017-08:04pm , DNA Interview with Vice Provost for Strategic Enrollment Management, University of Idaho Dean Kahler, the Vice Provost for Strategic Enrollment Management, University of Idaho speaks to Nishtha Balagopal about their agriculture-based programs, the importance of multi-disciplinary education, and why Indian students are valued at their univeristy. What is the distinguishing factor about the University of Idaho? It is a flagship land-grand institute, which means it has strong standard disciplines. Our mission is to have science, technology, engineering as well as an agricultural focus in our programs. This is the reason why land-grant universities were formed and the University of Idaho is exactly that. We also offer Liberal Arts education. We have a variety of engineering programs — mechanical, civil, nuclear etc. Our agricultural programs and architectural programs are popular. We are recognised for focusing on student success. Our success rate is better than the national average and we are making progress on that front. We have partnerships with companies like Navitus who focus on global student success programs. We are not situated in a big metropolitan city but it’s a town, which has been built around the university so we have a town-gown relationship. We have a very close-knit family where the faculty cares about the students. They are not just numbers for us and I know them by their names. So we are a very close-knit university. What do you look for when you select a student? We look for students who want quality education. We are not in a location where you can go and hang out on the beach or go to play. So we focus on quality academic program at an affordable price. The cost of living is low and the student walks away with a job and is positioned in the global world. When our students graduate, 90 per cent of them have a job in their hands or admission to a professional school. We teach them how to write a resume, get dressed for an interview, how to sit for a meeting etc. Our students have the opportunity to go for a etiquette dinner meeting and so they dress up for a business interview. We teach them right from which spoon and fork to use. In our business programs, we actually give them money so they can invest in the stock market and see how they can build a portfolio through the semester. We try to provide practical training and not just lectures in a classroom. What has drawn your attention to India now? I think India is a great market. I have been in business for 25 years and I have worked with students from all over the world. And I think the work ethic of students from India is exceptional. They work very hard, have incredible backgrounds and the desire to be successful. I like those qualities in students. The strategic plan of the University is to see the student successful and so we are focused on working with very serious students who want to succeed. I am still in touch with some of my Indian students and I like what they bring to the table. Idaho can offer what Indian students are looking for. The university has agriculture-based programs and India being an agrarian nation it would suit perfectly for the students but many of them are set in the rural areas with English being a problem. Do you provide a leeway for such students? How do you encourage students to take up courses in agriculture? We have an English language program so we can work with them if they fall short. There is flexibility in the graduation program in the US where they can try different programs and discover what they like. A student might have come to study Business but realise that he actually likes agriculture. They can also work on inter-disciplinary projects. It is very difficult to break the perception as people think that if I take up agriculture then I am a farmer, but there are various aspects to it. You need business people, lawyers, and scientists who work on the technology in agriculture. But this perception is what we face even in the US. We are also planning to identify agricultural universities in India where we can have student and faculty exchange programs. We have identified the food science program that would be great here. Can you tell us about the job and internship opportunities at the university? Boeing has taken in many of our students. Northwestern Insurance also works with us and they are the ones who host the etiquette dinner. We work with a variety of industries — food and beverage companies, vineyards, human resources, chemicals, software, marketing, advertising etc. We are very big into natural resources and have mining, forestry and conservation programs. Our students have the opportunity to do internships at companies like Boeing and Inceed. We have Employer’s fair in the fall as well as spring. About 130 employers come and schedule opportunities with the students right from the sophomore year and give them guidelines as to what they have to do to get a job by Junior year. There is a company called Micron that manufactures chips for computers and they work closely with the University. There is a site called payscale.com that evaluates the average and median salaries of students from universities. They have rated Idaho as one of the most sought after universities with high return on investment. Idaho leads in early career and mid career salary average. Money and Forbes magazine have rated us as one of the best in the West part of US. What are the scholarships offered for international students? We have some scholarships for international students that are based on academic achievement. We have scholarships that are US$6000 or US$8000 a year. But we are a very affordable university, and if we were not then we could have offered many more scholarships. Does the university have a research wing? We are the only research university in Idaho. We give the opportunity to students to come into research immediately and we pair them up with students and faculty from other fields. We think it’s important for students to think outside their major subject and think about other disciplines too. For example, putting an engineer and a musician together we discover things, which they could not have done on their own. We opened a new branch called Integrated Research and Innovation Centre where we collaborate between different fields like a biotechnologist and an electrical engineer coming together. We have a team that got computers and psychology together and created a game. Inter-disciplinary research is the thing for the future. We have a wilderness program where students have to drive for four hours then hike and they are just out in the open without phones with just their field of study to make them think differently and get out of the mainstream. How difficult is it to get a student visa especially after Donald Trump has taken charge of the President's office? President Trump is just one person and he does not determine what happens on our campus. Our President has issued a statement that international students are welcome. We are going to work hard to bring in more international students. If American students want to become businessmen and women they have got to know about different cultures. So we are being more aggressive and saying to Indians that you are very welcome to come. When this whole problem came up, people in Idaho put signs outside their homes welcoming Muslims and other nationalities. We appreciate the multi-cultural community at the university. We met the authorities at the embassy and they clarified that they are not rejecting visas at a higher rate. They are happy to give visas to anyone who is prepared and would contribute. Nishtha Balagopal TOP TOP < IPL 2017 Eliminator | Sunrisers Hyderabad vs Kolkata Knight Riders: Live streaming and where to watch in India   Comments   Also Read Education Making outbound camps less stressful Education Activists raise concerns over jr college admissions India Final call on common engineering test after success of NEET exams Education A teacher can bring to her class fearlessness & humility Education Business schools need to focus on a dynamic curriculum: Dr Bala V Balachandran Education How to start shortlisting colleges for future application < Previous ArticleNext Article > IPL 2017 Eliminator | Sunrisers Hyderabad vs Kolkata Knight Riders: Live streaming and where to watch in India Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Dean Kahler United States University of Idaho Boeing Donald Trump Liberal Arts science Technology engineering agricultural programs architectural programs Students Agriculture scholarships SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Baseball-Court upholds Pirates infielder Kang's drunk driving sanction Saudi to invest $200 bn in US, purchase arms worth $300 bn Rs 1 crore in junked notes seized in Thane; 3 arrested German dwelling permits drop in first quarter of 2017 Pak hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Sport A full 20-over game would have helped us: Muralitharan Soccer-Paraguayan championship results and standings Tennis-Sharapova's sponsor backs French Open snub, blames WADA MI, KKR lock horns in qualifier 2 to enter IPL final Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, May 18 Entertainment Reema Lagoo no more: 'Yes Boss' co-star Juhi Chawla is SHOCKED at the sudden demise of the actress! Prime Minister condoles actor Reema Lagoo's demise RIP Reema Lagoo | Akshay Kumar to Priyanka Chopra: B-Town MOURNS the sad demise of the actress! David Tennant, Billie Piper to reunite for 'Doctor Who' audio Paula Abdul doesn't want to return to 'American Idol' Money Volvo Cars to start assembly operations in India this year National Grid reports 14 pct rise in FY adjusted operating profit Export benefit scheme being made GST-compliant: Govt IKEA starts work on Navi Mumbai store; to open in Jan'19 Sensex on a downhill after US chill, rolls down 111 pts Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingHome Capital | Oil | NAFTA | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance All fossil-fuel vehicles will vanish in 8 years in twin ‘death spiral’ for big oil and big autos, says study that’s shocking the industries Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, The Telegraph | May 16, 2017 10:08 AM ET More from The Telegraph Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon No more petrol or diesel cars, buses, or trucks will be sold anywhere in the world within eight years. The entire market for land transport will switch to electrification, leading to a collapse of oil prices and the demise of the petroleum industry as we have known it for a century. This is the futuristic forecast by Stanford University economist Tony Seba. His report, with the deceptively bland title Rethinking Transportation 2020-2030, has gone viral in green circles and is causing spasms of anxiety in the established industries. We are on the cusp of one of the fastest, deepest, most consequential disruptions of transportation in history Seba’s premise is that people will stop driving altogether. They will switch en masse to self-drive electric vehicles (EVs) that are ten times cheaper to run than fossil-based cars, with a near-zero marginal cost of fuel and an expected lifespan of 1 million miles. Only nostalgics will cling to the old habit of car ownership. The rest will adapt to vehicles on demand. It will become harder to find a petrol station, spares, or anybody to fix the 2,000 moving parts that bedevil the internal combustion engine. Dealers will disappear by 2024. Cities will ban human drivers once the data confirms how dangerous they can be behind a wheel. This will spread to suburbs, and then beyond. There will be a “mass stranding of existing vehicles”. The value of second-hard cars will plunge. You will have to pay to dispose of your old vehicle. It is a twin “death spiral” for big oil and big autos, with ugly implications for some big companies on the London Stock Exchange unless they adapt in time. The long-term price of crude will fall to US$25 a barrel. Most forms of shale and deep-water drilling will no longer be viable. Assets will be stranded. Scotland will forfeit any North Sea bonanza. Russia, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, and Venezuela will be in trouble. It is an existential threat to Ford, General Motors, and the German car industry. They will face a choice between manufacturing EVs in a brutal low-profit market, or reinventing themselves a self-drive service companies, variants of Uber and Lyft. They are in the wrong business. The next generation of cars will be “computers on wheels”. Google, Apple, and Foxconn have the disruptive edge, and are going in for the kill. Silicon Valley is where the auto action is, not Detroit, Wolfsburg, or Toyota City. The shift, according to Seba, is driven by technology, not climate policies. Market forces are bringing it about with a speed and ferocity that governments could never hope to achieve. “We are on the cusp of one of the fastest, deepest, most consequential disruptions of transportation in history,” Prof Seba said. “Internal combustion engine vehicles will enter a vicious cycle of increasing costs.” The “tipping point” will arrive over the next two to three years as EV battery ranges surpass 200 miles and electric car prices in the US drop to $30,000. By 2022 the low-end models will be down to $20,000. After that, the avalanche will sweep all before it. “What the cost curve says is that by 2025 all new vehicles will be electric, all new buses, all new cars, all new tractors, all new vans, anything that moves on wheels will be electric, globally,” Prof Seba said. Related Uber Technologies Inc lays out aggressive partnership plan to begin testing flying taxis by 2020 in both Dallas and Dubai My pal the car: emotionally intelligent vehicles a technology dream but potential privacy nightmare The Canadian auto sector is in great shape, except for that looming existential crisis “Global oil demand will peak at 100 million barrels per day by 2020, dropping to 70 million by 2030.” There will be oil demand for use in the chemical industries, and for aviation, though Nasa and Boeing are working on hybrid-electric aircraft for short-haul passenger flights. Seba said the residual stock of fossil-based vehicles will take time to clear but 95 per cent of the miles driven by 2030 in the US will be in autonomous EVs for reasons of costs, convenience, and efficiency. Oil use for road transport will crash from 8 million barrels a day to 1 million. The cost per mile for EVs will be 6.8 cents, rendering petrol cars obsolete. Insurance costs will fall by 90 per cent. The average American household will save $5,600 per year by making the switch. The US government will lose $50 billion a year in fuel taxes. Britain’s exchequer will be hit pari passu. “Our research and modelling indicate that the $10 trillion annual revenues in the existing vehicle and oil supply chains will shrink dramatically,” Prof Seba said. “Certain high-cost countries, companies, and fields will see their oil production entirely wiped out. Exxon-Mobil, Shell and BP could see 40 per cent to 50 per cent of their assets become stranded,” the report said. These are all large claims, though familiar those on the cutting edge of energy technology. While the professor’s timing may be off by a few years, there is little doubt about the general direction. India is drawing up plans to phase out all petrol and diesel cars by 2032, leap-frogging China in an electrification race across Asia. The brains trust of Primer Minister Mahendra Modi has called for a mix of subsidies, car-pooling, and caps on fossil-based cars. The goal is to cut pollution and break reliance on imported oil, but markets will pick up the baton quickly once the process starts. China is moving in parallel, pushing for 7 million electric vehicles by 2025, enforced by a minimum quota for “new energy” vehicles that shifts the burden for the switch onto manufacturers. “The trend is irreversible,” said Wang Chuanfu, head of the Chinese electric car producer BYD, backed by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway. At the same time, global shipping rules are clamping down on dirty high-sulphur oil used in the cargo trade, a move that may lead to widespread use of liquefied natural gas for ship fuel. This is all happening much faster than Saudi Arabia and OPEC had assumed. The cartel’s World Oil Outlook last year dismissed electric vehicles as a fringe curiosity that would make little difference to ever-rising global demand for oil. It predicted a jump in crude consumption by a further 16.4 million barrels a day to 109 million by 2040, with India increasingly taking over from China as growing market. The cartel said fossils will still make up 77 per cent of global energy use, much like today. It implicitly treated the Paris agreement on climate targets as empty rhetoric. Whether OPEC believes its own claims is doubtful. Saudi Arabia’s actions suggest otherwise. The kingdom is hedging its bets by selling off chunks of the state oil giant Saudi Aramco to fund diversification away from oil. OPEC, Russia, and the oil-exporting states are now caught in a squeeze and will probably be forced to extend output caps into 2018 to stop prices falling. Shale fracking in the US is now so efficient, and rebounding so fast, that it may cap oil prices in a range of US$45 to $55 until the end of the decade. By then the historic window will be closing. Experts will argue over Seba’s claims. His broad point is that multiple technological trends are combining in a perfect storm. The simplicity of the EV model is breath-taking. The Tesla S has 18 moving parts, one hundred times fewer than a combustion engine car. “Maintenance is essentially zero. That is why Tesla is offering infinite-mile warranties. You can drive it to the moon and back and they will still warranty it,” Prof Seba said. Self-drive “vehicles on demand” will be running at much higher levels of daily use than today’s cars and will last for 500,000 to 1 million miles each. It has long been known that EVs are four times more efficient than petrol or diesel cars, which lose 80 per cent of their power in heat. What changes the equation is the advent of EV models with the acceleration and performance of a Lamborghini costing five or 10 times less to buy, and at least 10 times less to run. “The electric drive-train is so much more powerful. The gasoline and diesel cars cannot possibly compete,” Seba said. The parallel is what happened to film cameras – and to Kodak – once digital rivals hit the market. It was swift and brutal. “You can’t compete with zero marginal costs,” he said. The effect is not confined to cars. Trucks will switch in tandem. Over 70 per cent of US haulage routes are already within battery range, and batteries are getting better each year. EVs will increase U.S. electricity demand by 18 per cent but that does not imply the need for more capacity. They will draw power at times of peak supply and release it during peak demand. They are themselves a storage reservoir, helping to smooth the effects of intermittent solar and wind, and to absorb excess base-load from power plants. Mark Carney, the Governor of the Bank England and chairman of Basel’s Financial Stability Board, has repeatedly warned that fossil energy companies are booking assets that can never be burned under the Paris agreement. He pointed out last year that it took only a small shift in global demand for coal to bankrupt three of the four largest coal-mining companies in short order. Other seemingly entrenched sectors could be just as vulnerable. He warned of a “Minsky moment”, if we do not prepare in time, where the energy revolution moves so fast that it precipitates a global financial crisis. The crunch may be coming even sooner than he thought. The Basel Board may have to add the car industry to the mix. There will be losers. Whole countries will spin into crisis. The world’s geopolitical order will be reshaped almost overnight. But humanity as a whole should enjoy an enormous welfare gain. Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, Transportation, oil prices, Tesla Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks Terence Corcoran: 1 fake bank + 2 project-smothering energy panels = the Liberals’ 3 pillars of stagnation New reports from two different federal 'expert panels' promise to bog down economic development in endless regulatory wrangling for decades to come Canadians just can’t seem to quit loyalty cards, despite all of the data breaches and PR headaches The multi-billion dollar business is just as popular as ever with Canadian consumers and companies alike and any changes are quickly noticed When it comes to support payments, ‘first families first’ is the general rule Laurie H. Pawlitza: When about 40% of married couples divorce and more than 80% remarry, this is a common problem, and it is often left up to the courts to decide where to draw the line Canada has a 30% chance of a housing ‘bust’ as the third riskiest market in G10, Goldman warns Only New Zealand and Sweden are more at risk of a correction, with Canada’s housing market singled out as ‘overbuilt’ in bank's report on house prices in G10 nations Matthew Lau: Ontario actually found the worst way to ‘balance’ its budget The correct way to eliminate a deficit is not through raising taxes, as the Ontario Liberals did, but through cuts to government spending and transfers Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
May 18, 2017 0701 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:192984 Publish Date: Wed, 17 May 2017 18:10:42 GMT Service: Iran Four ATR passenger planes land in Tehran The first four French-Italian ATR planes manufactured for Iran's national flag carrier, Iran Air, landed at Tehran's International Mehrabad Airport on Wednesday. The ATR72-600 passenger planes were delivered to Iran's representative in a ceremony attended by Iran Air CEO Farhad Parvaresh and ATR's financial manager Giovanni Tramparulo in the French city of Toulouse on Tuesday, IRNA reported. Tramparulo said that his company takes pride in delivering aircraft to Iran which meet the needs of the country in regional flights. In relevant remarks in April, Parvaresh said that the Iran Air is to receive four ATR aircraft within three weeks. Parvaresh further noted that, as per the contract with Boeing, the first Boeing 777 wide-body jet airliner will be delivered to Iran Air in a year time. He also pointed to the latest status of the negotiations with the largest German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG, and said, "Not long ago, a memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed with Lufthansa on technical and operational training, catering and corporate restructuring as well as business cooperation; the agreement was recently implemented in the commercial sector though talks are still underway on other provisions." The French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer has signed a contract with Iran Air to provide it with 20 planes. It is the third plane manufacturer, after Airbus and Boeing, to successfully sign lucrative deals with Iran. Efforts to sign a deal with Brazilian manufacturer Embraer had been uninspiring and plans were shelved in favor of Airbus and Boeing.     KeyWords ATR Iran delivery   Related News : Official: ATR to deliver four passenger planes to Iran next week Iran expects first ATR plane delivery soon Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Presidential candidates’ campaign period ends Iran won't accept UN docs that go against its values, beliefs: Qassemi Iran’s politics polarized but full of dignity: Activist Rouhani: Nation to choose between progress and destruction Iran’s UN envoy: Women main victims of Middle East crises 1,000 environmental schools planned Calm, secure Iran preparing for polls: Ayatollah Khamenei Iran receives 4 new ATR planes Interior minister: Election results to be announced all at once Zarif urges facilitation of Iran-India banking ties Most Visited Secret US military shuttle ends 2-year mission US finalizing $300bn weapons sale to Saudi Arabia, official says US military chief in Israel to discuss bilateral ties www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0561 sec
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 17 May, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article LONDON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis For Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle) Developments in simulation systems related technology have had a significant impact on the defence military simulation and virtual training market. Visiongain's report on this sector gives a detailed overview of the market, creating an accurate picture that will offer clarity to anyone involved in the military simulation sector. Importantly, the report also delivers a forecast of the market, giving you an insight into the future opportunities that exist in the defence military simulation and virtual training market. This report offers a global forecast, which is then broken down by the following national markets: • Australia • Brazil • Canada • France • Germany • India • Israel • Italy • Japan • South Korea • UK • US • ROW As well as the following submarkets: • Airborne Simulation and Training Systems • Ground Simulation and Training Systems • Maritime Simulation and Training Systems • Others Simulation and Training Systems For the global market, the Airborne submarket is broken down further by Aircraft, Helicopter, and UAV, whilst the Ground submarket is broken down further by Combat, and by Vehicle. In order to offer an accurate snapshot of the current market, visiongain has also profiled the following leading companies: • Airbus Group SE • BAE Systems • The Boeing Company • CAE • Cubic Inc • Elbit Systems • Leonardo SpA • General Dynamics Corporation • L-3 Technologies Inc. • Lockheed Martin Corporation • Meggitt PLC • Northrop Grumman Corporation • Raytheon Company • Rheinmetall AG • Rockwell Collins Inc • Saab AB • Textron Inc • Thales Group With 300+ tables and charts and a total length of over 425 pages, this report is a fantastic opportunity to increase your knowledge of this sector. SWOT/PEST analysis tables, as well as analysis of the drivers and restraints for the overall market concisely informs you of the major factors affecting this market, whilst visiongain's data-rich approach provides greater insight into this market. Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027: Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis for Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle)  To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com List of Companies Mentioned in This Report  3SDL Ltd 4Secure Ltd AAI Academi Acme Portable Computers Action Target Adacel Adayana Government Group Aechelon Technology Inc Aegis Technologies Group Inc Aero Simulation Inc Aerovironment, Inc AgustaWestland Air Tanker Airbus Defence And Space Airbus Group SE Alelo Inc Alenia Aermacchi Alion Science And Technology Alker Fibre Optic Specialists Amber Tiger American Systems Ansaldo Antevorte Antycip Simulation Apc Technology Apem Components Ltd Applied Research Associates/Virtual Heroes Division Applied Signal Technology Aptima Inc Aqru Research And Technology LLC Areva SA Argon Electronics (UK) Ltd ARINC Asta Group LLC, The ATASS-Advanced Tactical Airborne Systems And Services GmbH Aversan Inc Avic Avt Simulation Babcock International Group BAE Systems plc Ball Aerospace and Technologies Corp B-Design3d Ltd Beaverfit Bell Helicopters Bihrle Applied Research Inc Bloodhound Ssc Project Bluedrop Training & Simulation Boeing Company, The Boeing Training Systems Bohemia Interactive Simulations CACI Technologies Inc CAE Caliente Defense Calytrix Technologies Inc Captec Carley Corporation Carney Inc Cds Defence Support Cevians LLC Christie Claytex Services Ltd Close Air Solutions CM Labs Simulations Cole Engineering Services Inc Combitech AB, Countermeasure Systems Ltd Covert Hides Creative Technologies Inc Crew Training International Crytech Cubic Advanced Learning Solutions Cubic Inc Cubic Simulation Systems, Inc Cybicom Atlas Defence (Pty) Ltd. D-Box Technologies Inc Denel Soc Ltd Design Interactive Inc Diamond Visonics Digimation Digital Projection Dignitas Technologies LLC Direction des Constructions Navales Services (DCNS) Discovery Machine Disti Disti Corporation, The Drive Square Inc Drumgrange Ltd Eblanks As ECA Group Elbit Systems Elbit Simulation And Training Eli Military Simulations Eli OÜ Engility Corporation Engineering and Computer Simulations Envitia EPC-UK Etc Simulation Eyevis GmbH Fidelity Technologies Corporation Flightsafety International Fr. Luerssen GmbH & Co. KG Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd General Dynamics Corporation Gamesim Inc Harquebus Ltd Havelsan AS Hutchinson Stop-Choc Immersive Display Solutions Inc Inert Products LLC Intelligent Decisions Systems Inc Interactive Data Visualization Inter-Coastal Electronics Inc Interface Concept Itec Janus Research Group Jrl Ventures Inc Jvc Visual Systems Division Kitco Fiber Optics Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace KRATOS Defence And Security Solutions Krauss-Maffei Wegmann GmbH & Co KG L-3 Technologies Inc. Laerdal Medical Ltd Laser Shot Inc Leidos Leonardo Spa Log.In Logistic Services International Inc Marine Specialised Technology Limited Marshall Aerospace And Defence Group MASA Group Mass Meggitt PLC Metavr Inc Milsim Asia Modest Tree Motion Reality Mpi Limited Multiple Resources Trading Limited National Firearms And Tactical Training Centre, The Nci Inc Nexter Systems Ngrain Northrop Grumman Corporation Nyk Component Solutions Ltd Oak Grove Technologies Ocr Olsen Actuation UK Ltd Pandect Group, The PDD Group Ltd Pinnacle Solutions Inc Plexsys Interface Products Inc. Polhemus Procentrum Equipment BV Q4 Services LLC QinetiQ Ltd Raptor Training Vests Ltd Raydon Corporation Raytheon Company Rebel Alliance Research Electronics International Responder Training Services Rheinmetall AG Rifts Training Riptide Software Inc Rockwell Collins Inc. Rockwell Collins Simulation & Training Solutions LLC Rockford Components Ltd Ruag Schweiz AG - Ruag Defence Saab AB SAES - Sociedad Anónima De Electrónica Submarina Samel-90 PLC Scalable Display Technologies Scalable Network Technologies Science Applications International Corp. Sea Seaowl Group Sekpy - Hellenic Manufacturers Of Defence Material Association Serco Inc. Shark Marine Technologies Sig Sauer Sigma Security Devices Ltd Simetri Simigon Inc. Simmersion Simthetiq Skidcar System Inc Sonalysts Inc Stirling Dynamics Strategic Operations Inc Sts Defence Ltd Sundog Software LLC Tactical Element Inc Tactical Micro Inc Targamite LLC TATA Group Tatitlek Corporation, The Tech Valley Technologies Tec-Masters Inc Telespazio Spa Tek Military Seating LLP Teledyne Brown Engineering Inc Ternion Corporation Terrasim Textron Inc Tier One Holding Group Inc Treality Triangraphics Trident Research LLC Tsg Associates LLP Thales Company Thales Alenia Ufa, Inc Ultra Electronics Utm Vcom3d Inc Veraxx Engineering Corp. Verify Europe Ltd Verrimus Ltd Virtra Systems Visual Purple Vstep B.V. Vt Mäk Warrior Trail Consulting LLC Whr Devices Zedasoft Inc Zen Technologies Limited Zodiac Milpro International To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1868/Military-Simulation-Modelling-and-Virtual-Military-Training-Market-Report-2017-2027 SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 17 May, 2017, 10:45 ET Preview: Global Anti-Epilepsy Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 17 May, 2017, 10:15 ET Preview: Small Scale Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17 May, 2017, 10:15 ET Global Anti-Epilepsy Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 17 May, 2017, 10:15 ET Small Scale Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Software Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 17 May, 2017, 10:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027 LONDON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis For Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle) Developments in simulation systems related technology have had a significant impact on the defence military simulation and virtual training market. Visiongain‚s report on this sector gives a detailed overview of the market, creating an accurate picture that will offer clarity to anyone involved in the military simulation sector. Importantly, the report also delivers a forecast of the market, giving you an insight into the future opportunities that exist in the defence military simulation and virtual training market. This report offers a global forecast, which is then broken down by the following national markets: • Australia • Brazil • Canada • France • Germany • India • Israel • Italy • Japan • South Korea • UK • US • ROW As well as the following submarkets: • Airborne Simulation and Training Systems • Ground Simulation and Training Systems • Maritime Simulation and Training Systems • Others Simulation and Training Systems For the global market, the Airborne submarket is broken down further by Aircraft, Helicopter, and UAV, whilst the Ground submarket is broken down further by Combat, and by Vehicle. In order to offer an accurate snapshot of the current market, visiongain has also profiled the following leading companies: • Airbus Group SE • BAE Systems • The Boeing Company • CAE • Cubic Inc • Elbit Systems • Leonardo SpA • General Dynamics Corporation • L-3 Technologies Inc. • Lockheed Martin Corporation • Meggitt PLC • Northrop Grumman Corporation • Raytheon Company • Rheinmetall AG • Rockwell Collins Inc • Saab AB • Textron Inc • Thales Group With 300+ tables and charts and a total length of over 425 pages, this report is a fantastic opportunity to increase your knowledge of this sector. SWOT/PEST analysis tables, as well as analysis of the drivers and restraints for the overall market concisely informs you of the major factors affecting this market, whilst visiongain’s data-rich approach provides greater insight into this market. Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027: Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis for Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle)  To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com List of Companies Mentioned in This Report  3SDL Ltd 4Secure Ltd AAI Academi Acme Portable Computers Action Target Adacel Adayana Government Group Aechelon Technology Inc Aegis Technologies Group Inc Aero Simulation Inc Aerovironment, Inc AgustaWestland Air Tanker Airbus Defence And Space Airbus Group SE Alelo Inc Alenia Aermacchi Alion Science And Technology Alker Fibre Optic Specialists Amber Tiger American Systems Ansaldo Antevorte Antycip Simulation Apc Technology Apem Components Ltd Applied Research Associates/Virtual Heroes Division Applied Signal Technology Aptima Inc Aqru Research And Technology LLC Areva SA Argon Electronics (UK) Ltd ARINC Asta Group LLC, The ATASS-Advanced Tactical Airborne Systems And Services GmbH Aversan Inc Avic Avt Simulation Babcock International Group BAE Systems plc Ball Aerospace and Technologies Corp B-Design3d Ltd Beaverfit Bell Helicopters Bihrle Applied Research Inc Bloodhound Ssc Project Bluedrop Training & Simulation Boeing Company, The Boeing Training Systems Bohemia Interactive Simulations CACI Technologies Inc CAE Caliente Defense Calytrix Technologies Inc Captec Carley Corporation Carney Inc Cds Defence Support Cevians LLC Christie Claytex Services Ltd Close Air Solutions CM Labs Simulations Cole Engineering Services Inc Combitech AB, Countermeasure Systems Ltd Covert Hides Creative Technologies Inc Crew Training International Crytech Cubic Advanced Learning Solutions Cubic Inc Cubic Simulation Systems, Inc Cybicom Atlas Defence (Pty) Ltd. D-Box Technologies Inc Denel Soc Ltd Design Interactive Inc Diamond Visonics Digimation Digital Projection Dignitas Technologies LLC Direction des Constructions Navales Services (DCNS) Discovery Machine Disti Disti Corporation, The Drive Square Inc Drumgrange Ltd Eblanks As ECA Group Elbit Systems Elbit Simulation And Training Eli Military Simulations Eli OÜ Engility Corporation Engineering and Computer Simulations Envitia EPC-UK Etc Simulation Eyevis GmbH Fidelity Technologies Corporation Flightsafety International Fr. Luerssen GmbH & Co. KG Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd General Dynamics Corporation Gamesim Inc Harquebus Ltd Havelsan AS Hutchinson Stop-Choc Immersive Display Solutions Inc Inert Products LLC Intelligent Decisions Systems Inc Interactive Data Visualization Inter-Coastal Electronics Inc Interface Concept Itec Janus Research Group Jrl Ventures Inc Jvc Visual Systems Division Kitco Fiber Optics Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace KRATOS Defence And Security Solutions Krauss-Maffei Wegmann GmbH & Co KG L-3 Technologies Inc. Laerdal Medical Ltd Laser Shot Inc Leidos Leonardo Spa Log.In Logistic Services International Inc Marine Specialised Technology Limited Marshall Aerospace And Defence Group MASA Group Mass Meggitt PLC Metavr Inc Milsim Asia Modest Tree Motion Reality Mpi Limited Multiple Resources Trading Limited National Firearms And Tactical Training Centre, The Nci Inc Nexter Systems Ngrain Northrop Grumman Corporation Nyk Component Solutions Ltd Oak Grove Technologies Ocr Olsen Actuation UK Ltd Pandect Group, The PDD Group Ltd Pinnacle Solutions Inc Plexsys Interface Products Inc. Polhemus Procentrum Equipment BV Q4 Services LLC QinetiQ Ltd Raptor Training Vests Ltd Raydon Corporation Raytheon Company Rebel Alliance Research Electronics International Responder Training Services Rheinmetall AG Rifts Training Riptide Software Inc Rockwell Collins Inc. Rockwell Collins Simulation & Training Solutions LLC Rockford Components Ltd Ruag Schweiz AG – Ruag Defence Saab AB SAES – Sociedad Anónima De Electrónica Submarina Samel-90 PLC Scalable Display Technologies Scalable Network Technologies Science Applications International Corp. Sea Seaowl Group Sekpy – Hellenic Manufacturers Of Defence Material Association Serco Inc. Shark Marine Technologies Sig Sauer Sigma Security Devices Ltd Simetri Simigon Inc. Simmersion Simthetiq Skidcar System Inc Sonalysts Inc Stirling Dynamics Strategic Operations Inc Sts Defence Ltd Sundog Software LLC Tactical Element Inc Tactical Micro Inc Targamite LLC TATA Group Tatitlek Corporation, The Tech Valley Technologies Tec-Masters Inc Telespazio Spa Tek Military Seating LLP Teledyne Brown Engineering Inc Ternion Corporation Terrasim Textron Inc Tier One Holding Group Inc Treality Triangraphics Trident Research LLC Tsg Associates LLP Thales Company Thales Alenia Ufa, Inc Ultra Electronics Utm Vcom3d Inc Veraxx Engineering Corp. Verify Europe Ltd Verrimus Ltd Virtra Systems Visual Purple Vstep B.V. Vt Mäk Warrior Trail Consulting LLC Whr Devices Zedasoft Inc Zen Technologies Limited Zodiac Milpro International To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1868/Military-Simulation-Modelling-and-Virtual-Military-Training-Market-Report-2017-2027 SOURCE Visiongain Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fall Detection System Market Worth 497.3 Million USD by 2022 Next PostNext Aurora Solar Inc. Introduces Unprecedented Commercial Financial Analysis to Solar Design and Sales Platform Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Gas Alarm Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand and forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Global Clinical Trial Management System Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 15% by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 17 May, 2017, 15:30 BST Share this article LONDON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis For Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle) Developments in simulation systems related technology have had a significant impact on the defence military simulation and virtual training market. Visiongain's report on this sector gives a detailed overview of the market, creating an accurate picture that will offer clarity to anyone involved in the military simulation sector. Importantly, the report also delivers a forecast of the market, giving you an insight into the future opportunities that exist in the defence military simulation and virtual training market. This report offers a global forecast, which is then broken down by the following national markets: • Australia • Brazil • Canada • France • Germany • India • Israel • Italy • Japan • South Korea • UK • US • ROW As well as the following submarkets: • Airborne Simulation and Training Systems • Ground Simulation and Training Systems • Maritime Simulation and Training Systems • Others Simulation and Training Systems For the global market, the Airborne submarket is broken down further by Aircraft, Helicopter, and UAV, whilst the Ground submarket is broken down further by Combat, and by Vehicle. In order to offer an accurate snapshot of the current market, visiongain has also profiled the following leading companies: • Airbus Group SE • BAE Systems • The Boeing Company • CAE • Cubic Inc • Elbit Systems • Leonardo SpA • General Dynamics Corporation • L-3 Technologies Inc. • Lockheed Martin Corporation • Meggitt PLC • Northrop Grumman Corporation • Raytheon Company • Rheinmetall AG • Rockwell Collins Inc • Saab AB • Textron Inc • Thales Group With 300+ tables and charts and a total length of over 425 pages, this report is a fantastic opportunity to increase your knowledge of this sector. SWOT/PEST analysis tables, as well as analysis of the drivers and restraints for the overall market concisely informs you of the major factors affecting this market, whilst visiongain's data-rich approach provides greater insight into this market. Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027: Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis for Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle)  To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com List of Companies Mentioned in This Report  3SDL Ltd 4Secure Ltd AAI Academi Acme Portable Computers Action Target Adacel Adayana Government Group Aechelon Technology Inc Aegis Technologies Group Inc Aero Simulation Inc Aerovironment, Inc AgustaWestland Air Tanker Airbus Defence And Space Airbus Group SE Alelo Inc Alenia Aermacchi Alion Science And Technology Alker Fibre Optic Specialists Amber Tiger American Systems Ansaldo Antevorte Antycip Simulation Apc Technology Apem Components Ltd Applied Research Associates/Virtual Heroes Division Applied Signal Technology Aptima Inc Aqru Research And Technology LLC Areva SA Argon Electronics (UK) Ltd ARINC Asta Group LLC, The ATASS-Advanced Tactical Airborne Systems And Services GmbH Aversan Inc Avic Avt Simulation Babcock International Group BAE Systems plc Ball Aerospace and Technologies Corp B-Design3d Ltd Beaverfit Bell Helicopters Bihrle Applied Research Inc Bloodhound Ssc Project Bluedrop Training & Simulation Boeing Company, The Boeing Training Systems Bohemia Interactive Simulations CACI Technologies Inc CAE Caliente Defense Calytrix Technologies Inc Captec Carley Corporation Carney Inc Cds Defence Support Cevians LLC Christie Claytex Services Ltd Close Air Solutions CM Labs Simulations Cole Engineering Services Inc Combitech AB, Countermeasure Systems Ltd Covert Hides Creative Technologies Inc Crew Training International Crytech Cubic Advanced Learning Solutions Cubic Inc Cubic Simulation Systems, Inc Cybicom Atlas Defence (Pty) Ltd. D-Box Technologies Inc Denel Soc Ltd Design Interactive Inc Diamond Visonics Digimation Digital Projection Dignitas Technologies LLC Direction des Constructions Navales Services (DCNS) Discovery Machine Disti Disti Corporation, The Drive Square Inc Drumgrange Ltd Eblanks As ECA Group Elbit Systems Elbit Simulation And Training Eli Military Simulations Eli OÜ Engility Corporation Engineering and Computer Simulations Envitia EPC-UK Etc Simulation Eyevis GmbH Fidelity Technologies Corporation Flightsafety International Fr. Luerssen GmbH & Co. KG Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd General Dynamics Corporation Gamesim Inc Harquebus Ltd Havelsan AS Hutchinson Stop-Choc Immersive Display Solutions Inc Inert Products LLC Intelligent Decisions Systems Inc Interactive Data Visualization Inter-Coastal Electronics Inc Interface Concept Itec Janus Research Group Jrl Ventures Inc Jvc Visual Systems Division Kitco Fiber Optics Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace KRATOS Defence And Security Solutions Krauss-Maffei Wegmann GmbH & Co KG L-3 Technologies Inc. Laerdal Medical Ltd Laser Shot Inc Leidos Leonardo Spa Log.In Logistic Services International Inc Marine Specialised Technology Limited Marshall Aerospace And Defence Group MASA Group Mass Meggitt PLC Metavr Inc Milsim Asia Modest Tree Motion Reality Mpi Limited Multiple Resources Trading Limited National Firearms And Tactical Training Centre, The Nci Inc Nexter Systems Ngrain Northrop Grumman Corporation Nyk Component Solutions Ltd Oak Grove Technologies Ocr Olsen Actuation UK Ltd Pandect Group, The PDD Group Ltd Pinnacle Solutions Inc Plexsys Interface Products Inc. Polhemus Procentrum Equipment BV Q4 Services LLC QinetiQ Ltd Raptor Training Vests Ltd Raydon Corporation Raytheon Company Rebel Alliance Research Electronics International Responder Training Services Rheinmetall AG Rifts Training Riptide Software Inc Rockwell Collins Inc. Rockwell Collins Simulation & Training Solutions LLC Rockford Components Ltd Ruag Schweiz AG - Ruag Defence Saab AB SAES - Sociedad Anónima De Electrónica Submarina Samel-90 PLC Scalable Display Technologies Scalable Network Technologies Science Applications International Corp. Sea Seaowl Group Sekpy - Hellenic Manufacturers Of Defence Material Association Serco Inc. Shark Marine Technologies Sig Sauer Sigma Security Devices Ltd Simetri Simigon Inc. Simmersion Simthetiq Skidcar System Inc Sonalysts Inc Stirling Dynamics Strategic Operations Inc Sts Defence Ltd Sundog Software LLC Tactical Element Inc Tactical Micro Inc Targamite LLC TATA Group Tatitlek Corporation, The Tech Valley Technologies Tec-Masters Inc Telespazio Spa Tek Military Seating LLP Teledyne Brown Engineering Inc Ternion Corporation Terrasim Textron Inc Tier One Holding Group Inc Treality Triangraphics Trident Research LLC Tsg Associates LLP Thales Company Thales Alenia Ufa, Inc Ultra Electronics Utm Vcom3d Inc Veraxx Engineering Corp. Verify Europe Ltd Verrimus Ltd Virtra Systems Visual Purple Vstep B.V. Vt Mäk Warrior Trail Consulting LLC Whr Devices Zedasoft Inc Zen Technologies Limited Zodiac Milpro International To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1868/Military-Simulation-Modelling-and-Virtual-Military-Training-Market-Report-2017-2027 SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 17 May, 2017, 15:45 BST Preview: Global Anti-Epilepsy Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 17 May, 2017, 15:15 BST Preview: Small Scale Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17 May, 2017, 15:45 BSTGlobal Anti-Epilepsy Drugs Market Forecast 2017-2027 17 May, 2017, 15:15 BSTSmall Scale Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Software Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 17 May, 2017, 15:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S. Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete -admiral Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal U.S. Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete -admiral USA-NAVY/FLEET:U.S. Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete -admiralReuters | May 17, 2017, 05.35 PM IST By Mike Stone May 17 (Reuters) - Even if President Donald Trump's promise of a 350 ship fleet is fulfilled, the U.S. Navy will still need to fundamentally change its fighting strategy and use more unmanned systems to keep pace with adversaries, according to Navy leadership. "We're on the dawn of something very substantial in terms of naval warfare. Something as substantial as the transition from sail to steam," the Navy's Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson told reporters by phone this week. During the U.S. presidential campaign Trump made repeated calls to expand the current 275 ship fleet to 350, but several independent studies examining the Navy found the need to adopt unmanned systems as well as build a larger fleet of conventional warships. The cost of building and operating a fleet of 355 ships would average $102 billion per year through 2047, according to a report published in April by the Congressional Budget Office. This is about one-third more than the Navy's current annual budget. In order to keep pace with Russia and China, the Navy's top officer said in a report released on Wednesday, "the Navy must also incorporate new technologies and operational concepts" including autonomy and machine learning into the fleet. To meet the challenge of more automated or unmanned forces, the Navy has been examining Extra Large Unmanned Undersea Vehicles (XLUUV) to conduct "dull, dirty, dangerous, and distant" operations. Boeing Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and General Dynamics are working on the program. The Navy is also examining a Carrier Based Aerial Refueling System, MQ-25, to refuel aircraft aloft as well as conduct surveillance. Boeing, General Atomics, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman Corp are working on concepts to try to solve this future Navy need. Funding and building hundreds of ships over decades will be a challenge for industry. Richardson said the cost is more than the Navy can currently afford, but Trump has proposed increasing military spending. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 20 Dog Foods That Should be Avoided Puppytoob The World Is Taking Notice Of Russias New Super Tank HistoryInOrbit.com How Will Today’s Students Create The World Of Tomorrow? Microsoft More from The Times of India Severe water crisis in Howrah Fire at Park Street tea shop, 5 tenders douse flames All steps taken to restore peace in Kannur, governor told From the Web More From The Times of India She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLXAcura Monica Lewinsky's Net Worth Doesn't Make Any SenseKiwi Report Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 MinivansMinivans - Sponsored Ads What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD Silver rush in Bhangar after 5kg silver scattered on road High Madrassa results: Girls, non-Muslims earn laurels HC to hear poll petition on result day Hindu girl stands 8th in Bengal madrassa exam ‘Malala of Malda’ hounded at home, can’t go to school ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Not correct to assume IT industry going for big job cuts: Government Women’s cricket: India openers put on a world record 320-run stand Salve: ICJ denying permission to play Jadhav's video setback to Pak Terra Alegria Villas in Whitefield, Bangalore Ad: m1 Homes Market close: Sensex, Nifty50 continue record-breaking spree Continuing its dream run on Dalal Street, the domestic equity indices yet again scaled new lifetime highs on Wednesday amid sustained optimism among investors on better-than-expected Q4 earnings and prospects of good rainfall. The S&P BSE Sensex gained 76 points to settle the day at a fresh closing high of 30,658. The broader Nifty50 of National Stock Exchange (NSE) ended 13.50 points higher at 9,525, with 23 constituents ending the day in the green. HUL posts 6% rise in Q4 net profit at Rs 1,183 crore FMCG major Hindustan Unilever posted better-than-expected financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. It posted 6.19 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 1,183 crore for Q4FY17 against Rs 1,114 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. From around the Web Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas 5 Best Meal Delivery Services for Weight Loss MyHealthyMeals Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan Indian-origin couple shot dead in US Read MoreWashingtonusa-navy/fleet u s navyu s navyTrumpRussia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners CANADA STOCKS-Futures lower on concerns over Trump Concerns over Trump dent stocks, dollar JSW Steel says quarterly profit triples as prices rebound Futures lower on concerns over Trump 1U.S. Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete -admiral 2CANADA STOCKS-Futures lower on concerns over Trump 3Concerns over Trump dent stocks, dollar 4JSW Steel says quarterly profit triples as prices rebound 5Futures lower on concerns over Trump Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Karti Chidambaram Sensex SRH vs KKR Bengal Civic Poll Results 3 Years of Modi Mukesh Ambani Live: Bengal Civic Poll Results XXX Return of Xander Cage Baahubali Box Office Cannes 2017 TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Maruti Dzire 2017 Donald Trump PM Modi Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics OBOR IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete -admiral Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed May 17, 2017 | 8:01am EDT U.S. Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete -admiral By Mike Stone May 17 Even if President Donald Trump's promise of a 350 ship fleet is fulfilled, the U.S. Navy will still need to fundamentally change its fighting strategy and use more unmanned systems to keep pace with adversaries, according to Navy leadership. "We're on the dawn of something very substantial in terms of naval warfare. Something as substantial as the transition from sail to steam," the Navy's Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson told reporters by phone this week. During the U.S. presidential campaign Trump made repeated calls to expand the current 275 ship fleet to 350, but several independent studies examining the Navy found the need to adopt unmanned systems as well as build a larger fleet of conventional warships. The cost of building and operating a fleet of 355 ships would average $102 billion per year through 2047, according to a report published in April by the Congressional Budget Office. This is about one-third more than the Navy's current annual budget. In order to keep pace with Russia and China, the Navy's top officer said in a report released on Wednesday, "the Navy must also incorporate new technologies and operational concepts" including autonomy and machine learning into the fleet. To meet the challenge of more automated or unmanned forces, the Navy has been examining Extra Large Unmanned Undersea Vehicles (XLUUV) to conduct "dull, dirty, dangerous, and distant" operations. Boeing Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and General Dynamics are working on the program. The Navy is also examining a Carrier Based Aerial Refueling System, MQ-25, to refuel aircraft aloft as well as conduct surveillance. Boeing, General Atomics, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman Corp are working on concepts to try to solve this future Navy need. Funding and building hundreds of ships over decades will be a challenge for industry. Richardson said the cost is more than the Navy can currently afford, but Trump has proposed increasing military spending. (Reporting by Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News Nikkei falls to 2-1/2-week low as worries over Trump allegations offset strong GDP TOKYO, May 18 Japanese stocks tumbled to 2-1/2-week lows on Thursday, on worries that allegations against the U.S. President Donald Trump over his interference with a federal investigation would delay his efforts on tax cuts and economic stimulus. CORRECTED-Nikkei tumbles to 2-1/2-week low as Trump allegations lower stimulus hopes * Utility stocks outperform after Kansai Electric says it will restart No.4 reactor at Takahama plant Mexico central bank seen holding key rate, pointing to future hikes MEXICO CITY, May 18 Mexico's central bank is expected to keep its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Thursday after five consecutive hikes, on the back of the peso's recent rally and in spite of above-target inflation. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Thursday 18 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:37 / GMT - 07:07 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/SKZVYO Wed May 17, 2017 3:50 4 ATR Passenger Planes Land in Iran Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- The first four French-Italian ATR planes manufactured for Iran's national flag carrier, Iran Air, landed at the international Mehrabad airport in Tehran on Wednesday. The ATR72-600 A/C passenger planes were delivered to Iran's representative in the presence of CEO of Iran Air Farhad Parvaresh and ATR's financial manager Giovanni Tramparulo in the French city of Toulouse on Tuesday. Tramparulo said that his company takes pride in delivering aircraft to Iran which meet the needs of the country in regional flights. In relevant remarks in April, Parvaresh said that the Iranian airline would receive four ATR aircraft within three weeks given that the deadline for the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer has expired for a week. Parvaresh also noted that, as per the contract with Boeing, the first Boeing 777 Wide-body jet airliner will be delivered to Iran Air in a year time. He also pointed to the latest status of the negotiations with the largest German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG, and said, "Not long ago, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed with Lufthansa on technical and operational training, catering and corporate restructuring as well as business cooperation; the agreement was recently implemented in the commercial sector though talks are still underway on other provisions." The French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer has signed a contract with Iran Air to provide it with 20 planes. This is a third plane manufacturer after Airbus and Boeing had successfully signed lucrative deals with Iran. Efforts to sign a deal with Brazilian manufacturer Embraer had been uninspiring and plans were abandoned in favor of Airbus and Boeing.         LATEST STORIES (8) Syrian Government Soldiers in Heavy Clashes with ISIL in Southwestern Deir Ezzur Syria: Civilians Escape Embattled Eastern Ghouta through Humanitarian Corridors People Face Clean Water Shortage in Yemen ISIL 'on Brink of Total Defeat' in Mosul Syria: Pro-Government Forces Destroy Terrorists' Tunnel with Explosives in Southern Damascus Iraqi Popular Forces Entrap ISIL Militants in Al-Qaher Village West of Qayrawan Region Syria: Government Forces Start Demining Operation in Newly-Liberated Qaboun District Iraqi Volunteer Forces Cut off ISIL Main Supply Route, West of Mosul Iran Air Receives Batch of ATR 72-600s Supreme Leader: 'Islamic Republic Is Preparing for Elections with Security and Calm' US at the End of Rope in Syria – Tying a Knot and Holding on IT Ministry: Home-Made Anti-Virus Software Prevents Damage to Iranian Cyberspace by WannaCry Salvation Gov't PM Warns of Saudi, UAE Plots to Disintegrate Yemen Tens of ISIL Terrorists Killed in Failed Attack on Syrian Army Positions in Deir Ezzur Israeli Forces Damage Palestinian Home in Hebron-Area Village Syrian Government Soldiers in Heavy Clashes with ISIL in Southwestern Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops engaged in heavy clashes with ISIL in al-Maqaber (cemetery) region in the Southwestern outskirts of Deir Ezzur city. [VIDEO] Syria: Civilians Escape Embattled Eastern Ghouta through Humanitarian Corridors TEHRAN (FNA)- Civilians from the embattled Erbeen area in Eastern Ghouta were able to escape to the recently recaptured neighborhood of Qaboun on Tuesday through tunnels and humanitarian corridors dug and guarded by the Syrian government forces. [VIDEO] People Face Clean Water Shortage in Yemen TEHRAN (FNA)- People wait in long queues to collect clean water from charity water pumps in Sanaa, as contaminated water and long Saudi war caused the cholera disease in the Yemen. [PHOTOS] ISIL 'on Brink of Total Defeat' in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- ISIL terrorists are on the 'brink of total defeat' in Mosul after Iraqi troops seized 90 percent of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Syria: Pro-Government Forces Destroy Terrorists' Tunnel with Explosives in Southern Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- A unit of the pro-government Syrian National Defense Forces (NDF) discovered and destroyed a tunnel dug by terrorist groups. [VIDEO] Iraqi Popular Forces Entrap ISIL Militants in Al-Qaher Village West of Qayrawan Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Popular Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) laid siege on the ISIL terrorist group in al-Qaher village West of Qayrawan region 100 kilometers (62 miles) West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Syria: Government Forces Start Demining Operation in Newly-Liberated Qaboun District TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army sappers began an operation to clean up al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus from IEDs and explosive traps planted by militants after the army took control of the entire region and gunmen left the area. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Volunteer Forces Cut off ISIL Main Supply Route, West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Popular Forces cut off the street linking between Tal Qasab and Qairawan, which is considered the ISIL's main supply route in North of Qairawan. [PHOTOS] Iran Air Receives Batch of ATR 72-600s TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran Air received the delivery of its first four ATR 72-600s planes, in a deal which forms part of plans to rebuild the airline's fleet. [PHOTOS] Supreme Leader: 'Islamic Republic Is Preparing for Elections with Security and Calm' TEHRAN (FNA)- Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei at a Wednesday meeting with people from different walks of life in Tehran underlined that Iran is preparing for its presidential elections in a secure and calm environment at the heart of a region rife with unrest. [PHOTOS] US at the End of Rope in Syria – Tying a Knot and Holding on TEHRAN (FNA)- If desperate times call for desperate measures, then the United States, its regional partners in crime, and their terror proxy forces which are losing the regime-change war on Syria can act as desperately as they wish. IT Ministry: Home-Made Anti-Virus Software Prevents Damage to Iranian Cyberspace by WannaCry TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's communications and information technology ministry announced that a home-made anti-virus software named 'Padovish' has blocked the WannaCry virus to affect the country's computer systems. Salvation Gov't PM Warns of Saudi, UAE Plots to Disintegrate Yemen TEHRAN (FNA)- Abdulaziz bin Habtoor who has been appointed by former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh to form a national salvation government warned of plots hatched by Saudi Arabia and the UAE to disintegrate his country. Tens of ISIL Terrorists Killed in Failed Attack on Syrian Army Positions in Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops warded off ISIL's heavy offensive on their positions in the Southern outskirts of Deir Ezzur city, killing and wounding almost 60 terrorists. Israeli Forces Damage Palestinian Home in Hebron-Area Village TEHRAN (FNA)- Israeli forces Wednesday caused heavy damage to a Palestinian home in the village of Karisa, South of Hebron, according to Palestinian security sources. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, May 17 2017. 04 31 PM IST Pilot exodus prompts India Air regulator to turn labor watchdog India’s aviation regulator wants senior pilots to provide at least a year’s notice before changing jobs, a move aimed at stemming exits that sometimes force airlines to scrap flights at the last minute Subscribe to our newsletter. Bloomberg The proposed rules, if implemented, would affect experienced pilots who often move to foreign carriers lured by higher salaries. Photo: Mint New Delhi: India’s aviation regulator wants senior pilots to provide at least a year’s notice before changing jobs, a move aimed at stemming exits that sometimes force airlines to scrap flights at the last minute. The proposed rules, if implemented, would affect experienced pilots who often move to foreign carriers lured by higher salaries. The draft measures, doubling the period to one year for commanders, may also upset market leader IndiGo’s ability to hire crew for its proposed small aircraft fleet, which it plans to start operating as soon as this year. The world is going through an acute shortage of experienced pilots as airlines, especially in Asia, order thousands of new planes valued at trillions of dollars. Airlines worldwide will need to recruit and train about 617,000 pilots to fly 39,620 planes, that are expected to be added through 2035, according to Boeing Co. Pilots leaving their jobs is sometimes “is in the form of a concerted move, which is tantamount to holding the airline to ransom and leaving the traveling public stranded,” the Directorate General of Civil Aviation said in draft rules posted on its website. The regulator has invited comments from the public by June 14 before finalizing its decision. IndiGo spokesman Ajay Jasra declined to comment. “The DGCA is paying more attention to mundane things like this rather than passenger safety which they appear to be totally ignorant of,” said Mohan Ranganathan, a former commercial pilot and an aviation consultant based in Chennai. “IndiGo’s ATR plans will go for a toss if the one year notice period comes into force.” India is the world’s fastest growing major aviation market, and overtook Japan as the third-biggest by domestic passengers last year, with airports in the South Asian nation handling 100 million local travelers compared with 97 million for Japan, according to CAPA. Potential for air traffic growth in India, which expanded about 24 percent last year on the back of an emerging middle class flying for the first time, has lured Singapore Airlines Ltd. and AirAsia Bhd. to set up local units, while Etihad Airways has bought a stake in Jet Airways India Ltd. Bloomberg Topics: Air India Pilots India Aviation Regulator DGCA Airlines More From Livemint READ MORE ‘Meri Pyaari Bindu’: An ode to mixed tapes, love, Calcutta, and badly written cinema Tata Steel sees aggressive growth in India as UK fog clears Zomato’s 17 million accounts hacked, data sold on Dark Web marketplace First Published: Wed, May 17 2017. 04 31 PM IST Editor's Picks Snapdeal effect? Ola restricts SoftBank rights, strengthens those of founders Anil Madhav Dave, Union environment minister, dies at 60 Google I/O 2017: Google.ai launched in push towards an AI-first world Latest News ‘Meri Pyaari Bindu’: An ode to mixed tapes, love, Calcutta, and badly written cinema Tata Steel sees aggressive growth in India as UK fog clears Zomato’s 17 million accounts hacked, data sold on Dark Web marketplace United Breweries shares tank 5% after Q4 profit drops sharply GST Council meeting: Kerala demands 5% tax on jewellery Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Research and Markets - Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Major Players are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace News provided by Research and Markets 17 May, 2017, 05:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Trends, Forecast, and Opportunity Analysis" report to their offering. The aerospace control surface market is expected to reach an estimated $4.3 billion by 2021 at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2021. The future of the global aerospace control surface market looks good with opportunities in commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft segments. The major growth drivers of this market are increasing demand for commercial aircraft and the launch of several new aircraft including the Comac C919, Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ), and Sukhoi Super Jet 100.  On the basis of comprehensive research, the author predicts that the demand for spoilers will show the highest growth in the forecast period.  The study includes a forecast for the growth opportunities in the global aerospace control surface market by product type, aircraft type, control surface type, material type, and region, as follows:   By Control Surface Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface By Aircraft Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft By Product Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Flaps - Slats - Spoilers - Ailerons - Elevators - Rudder By Material (Value $ million for 2015): - Composite - Aluminum - Others Some of the key players of the aerospace control surface market are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace. The report suggests mergers and acquisitions as players in this market are joining to broaden product portfolios and gain market share. Within the global aerospace control surface market, the commercial aircraft segment is expected to remain the largest market as commercial aircraft has highest number of control surfaces. North America is expected to remain the largest region due to presence of aircraft manufactures and aircraft component manufactures that create the largest customer base for aerospace control surface market. Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Market Background and Classifications 2.1: Introduction 2.3: Industry Classifications 2.3: Supply Chain 3. Market Analysis 3.1: Market Analysis 2015 3.1.1: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Value 3.1.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type 3.1.3: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application 3.1.4: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product 3.1.5: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Material 3.1.6: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 3.2: Market Trend from 2010 to 2015 3.2.1: Macroeconomic Trends 3.2.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market: Trends 3.2.3: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface 3.2.4: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft 3.2.5: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product - Flaps - Slats - Spoiler - Aileron - Elevator - Rudder 3.2.6: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 3.3: Market Drivers and Challenges 3.4: Market Forecast from 2016 to 2021 3.4.1: Macro Economy Forecasts 3.4.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market: Forecast 3.4.3: Forecast for the Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface 3.4.4 Forecast for the Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft 3.4.5: Forecast for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product - Flaps - Slats - Spoiler - Aileron - Elevator - Rudder 3.4.6: Forecast for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 4. Competitor Analysis 4.1: Product Portfolio Analysis 4.2: Ranking of Major Players 4.3: Geographical Reach 4.4: Operational Integration 4.5: Porter's Five Forces Analysis 5. Growth Opportunity and Strategic Analysis 5.1 Growth Opportunities Analysis 5.1.1 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type 5.1.2 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application 5.1.3 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 5.3 Strategic Analysis 5.3.1 Mergers and Acquisitions in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 6. Company Profiles for Leading Players 6.1: Boeing Aerostructures Australia 6.2: Spirit AeroSystems 6.3: Triumph Group 6.4: Aernnova 6.5: Harbin Hafei Airbus Composite Manufacturing Centre (China) 6.6: GKN Aerospace 6.7: FACC 6.8: Patria 6.9: Strata Manufacturing PJSC For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rqgfsg/growth Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---growth-opportunities-in-the-global-aerospace-control-surface-market-2016-2021-major-players-are-boeing-aerostructres-australia-spirit-aerosystem-triumph-aerostructure-aernnova-and-gkn-aerospace-300459049.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 17 May, 2017, 05:45 ET Preview: Global Proteases Market - Growth, Trends & Forecasts to 2022 - Growing Product Demand in Various Applications - Research and Markets 17 May, 2017, 05:15 ET Preview: Global Process Safety Systems Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.5% by 2021 - Analysis By Product & End User - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17 May, 2017, 15:15 ET Global Task Trainers Market 2017-2022: Market is Expected to... 17 May, 2017, 15:15 ET Global Crop Protection Market 2017-2022: Latin America Leads the... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Major Players are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace News provided by Research and Markets 17 May, 2017, 05:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Major Players are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace The aerospace control surface market is expected to reach an estimated $4.3 billion by 2021 at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2021. The future of the global aerospace control surface market looks good with opportunities in commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft segments. The major growth drivers of this market are increasing demand for commercial aircraft and the launch of several new aircraft including the Comac C919, Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ), and Sukhoi Super Jet 100.  On the basis of comprehensive research, the author predicts that the demand for spoilers will show the highest growth in the forecast period.  The study includes a forecast for the growth opportunities in the global aerospace control surface market by product type, aircraft type, control surface type, material type, and region, as follows:   By Control Surface Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): – Primary Control Surface – Secondary Control Surface By Aircraft Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): – Commercial Aircraft – Regional Aircraft – General Aviation – Military Aircraft By Product Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): – Flaps – Slats – Spoilers – Ailerons – Elevators – Rudder By Material (Value $ million for 2015): – Composite – Aluminum – Others Some of the key players of the aerospace control surface market are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace. The report suggests mergers and acquisitions as players in this market are joining to broaden product portfolios and gain market share. Within the global aerospace control surface market, the commercial aircraft segment is expected to remain the largest market as commercial aircraft has highest number of control surfaces. North America is expected to remain the largest region due to presence of aircraft manufactures and aircraft component manufactures that create the largest customer base for aerospace control surface market. Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Market Background and Classifications 2.1: Introduction 2.3: Industry Classifications 2.3: Supply Chain 3. Market Analysis 3.1: Market Analysis 2015 3.1.1: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Value 3.1.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type 3.1.3: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application 3.1.4: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product 3.1.5: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Material 3.1.6: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 3.2: Market Trend from 2010 to 2015 3.2.1: Macroeconomic Trends 3.2.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market: Trends 3.2.3: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type – Primary Control Surface – Secondary Control Surface 3.2.4: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application – Commercial Aircraft – Regional Aircraft – General Aviation – Military Aircraft 3.2.5: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product – Flaps – Slats – Spoiler – Aileron – Elevator – Rudder 3.2.6: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 3.3: Market Drivers and Challenges 3.4: Market Forecast from 2016 to 2021 3.4.1: Macro Economy Forecasts 3.4.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market: Forecast 3.4.3: Forecast for the Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type – Primary Control Surface – Secondary Control Surface 3.4.4 Forecast for the Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application – Commercial Aircraft – Regional Aircraft – General Aviation – Military Aircraft 3.4.5: Forecast for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product – Flaps – Slats – Spoiler – Aileron – Elevator – Rudder 3.4.6: Forecast for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 4. Competitor Analysis 4.1: Product Portfolio Analysis 4.2: Ranking of Major Players 4.3: Geographical Reach 4.4: Operational Integration 4.5: Porter’s Five Forces Analysis 5. Growth Opportunity and Strategic Analysis 5.1 Growth Opportunities Analysis 5.1.1 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type 5.1.2 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application 5.1.3 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 5.3 Strategic Analysis 5.3.1 Mergers and Acquisitions in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 6. Company Profiles for Leading Players 6.1: Boeing Aerostructures Australia 6.2: Spirit AeroSystems 6.3: Triumph Group 6.4: Aernnova 6.5: Harbin Hafei Airbus Composite Manufacturing Centre (China) 6.6: GKN Aerospace 6.7: FACC 6.8: Patria 6.9: Strata Manufacturing PJSC For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rqgfsg/growth Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets—growth-opportunities-in-the-global-aerospace-control-surface-market-2016-2021-major-players-are-boeing-aerostructres-australia-spirit-aerosystem-triumph-aerostructure-aernnova-and-gkn-aerospace-300459049.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Interactive Whiteboard Market: Leading Players Collaborate to Enhance Product Offerings, Observes TMR Next PostNext Carbonated Beverage Processing Equipment Market Worth 7.23 Billion USD by 2022 Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Gas Alarm Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand and forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Global Clinical Trial Management System Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 15% by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Research and Markets - Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Major Players are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace News provided by Research and Markets 17 May, 2017, 10:30 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Trends, Forecast, and Opportunity Analysis" report to their offering. The aerospace control surface market is expected to reach an estimated $4.3 billion by 2021 at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2021. The future of the global aerospace control surface market looks good with opportunities in commercial aircraft, regional aircraft, general aviation, and military aircraft segments. The major growth drivers of this market are increasing demand for commercial aircraft and the launch of several new aircraft including the Comac C919, Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ), and Sukhoi Super Jet 100.  On the basis of comprehensive research, the author predicts that the demand for spoilers will show the highest growth in the forecast period.  The study includes a forecast for the growth opportunities in the global aerospace control surface market by product type, aircraft type, control surface type, material type, and region, as follows:   By Control Surface Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface By Aircraft Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft By Product Type (Value $ million from 2010 to 2021): - Flaps - Slats - Spoilers - Ailerons - Elevators - Rudder By Material (Value $ million for 2015): - Composite - Aluminum - Others Some of the key players of the aerospace control surface market are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace. The report suggests mergers and acquisitions as players in this market are joining to broaden product portfolios and gain market share. Within the global aerospace control surface market, the commercial aircraft segment is expected to remain the largest market as commercial aircraft has highest number of control surfaces. North America is expected to remain the largest region due to presence of aircraft manufactures and aircraft component manufactures that create the largest customer base for aerospace control surface market. Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Market Background and Classifications 2.1: Introduction 2.3: Industry Classifications 2.3: Supply Chain 3. Market Analysis 3.1: Market Analysis 2015 3.1.1: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Value 3.1.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type 3.1.3: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application 3.1.4: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product 3.1.5: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Material 3.1.6: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 3.2: Market Trend from 2010 to 2015 3.2.1: Macroeconomic Trends 3.2.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market: Trends 3.2.3: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface 3.2.4: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft 3.2.5: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product - Flaps - Slats - Spoiler - Aileron - Elevator - Rudder 3.2.6: Trends of the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 3.3: Market Drivers and Challenges 3.4: Market Forecast from 2016 to 2021 3.4.1: Macro Economy Forecasts 3.4.2: Global Aerospace Control Surface Market: Forecast 3.4.3: Forecast for the Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type - Primary Control Surface - Secondary Control Surface 3.4.4 Forecast for the Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application - Commercial Aircraft - Regional Aircraft - General Aviation - Military Aircraft 3.4.5: Forecast for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Product - Flaps - Slats - Spoiler - Aileron - Elevator - Rudder 3.4.6: Forecast for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 4. Competitor Analysis 4.1: Product Portfolio Analysis 4.2: Ranking of Major Players 4.3: Geographical Reach 4.4: Operational Integration 4.5: Porter's Five Forces Analysis 5. Growth Opportunity and Strategic Analysis 5.1 Growth Opportunities Analysis 5.1.1 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Control Surface Type 5.1.2 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Application 5.1.3 Growth Opportunities for Aerospace Control Surface Market by Region 5.3 Strategic Analysis 5.3.1 Mergers and Acquisitions in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 6. Company Profiles for Leading Players 6.1: Boeing Aerostructures Australia 6.2: Spirit AeroSystems 6.3: Triumph Group 6.4: Aernnova 6.5: Harbin Hafei Airbus Composite Manufacturing Centre (China) 6.6: GKN Aerospace 6.7: FACC 6.8: Patria 6.9: Strata Manufacturing PJSC For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rqgfsg/growth Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 17 May, 2017, 10:45 BST Preview: Global Proteases Market - Growth, Trends & Forecasts to 2022 - Growing Product Demand in Various Applications - Research and Markets 17 May, 2017, 10:15 BST Preview: Global Process Safety Systems Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.5% by 2021 - Analysis By Product & End User - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 17 May, 2017, 20:30 BSTGlobal Task Trainers Market 2017-2022: Market is Expected to... 17 May, 2017, 20:15 BSTGlobal Crop Protection Market 2017-2022: Latin America Leads the... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Growth Opportunities in the Global Aerospace Control Surface Market 2016-2021: Major Players are Boeing Aerostructres Australia, Spirit Aerosystem, Triumph Aerostructure, Aernnova, and GKN Aerospace News provided by Research and Markets 17 May, 2017, 10:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Flight Simulator Market Report 2017 explores CAE, L3 Technologies, FlightSafety International, Thales, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Textron Flight Simulator Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Flight Simulator industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. A flight simulator is a device that artificially re-creates aircraft flight and the environment in which it flies, for pilot training, design, or other purposes. It includes replicating the equations that govern how aircraft fly, how they react to applications of flight controls, the effects of other aircraft systems, and how the aircraft reacts to external factors such as air density, turbulence, wind shear, cloud, precipitation, etc. This report focuses on the Flight Simulator in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application.  Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/16012-flight-simulator-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers CAE, L3 Technologies, FlightSafety International, Thales, Rockwell Collins, Boeing, Textron Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers FFS (Full Flight Simulator), FTD (Flight Training Devices), Other Types (FBS/FMS) Download Free Sample Report of Global Flight Simulator Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16012 Major Points from Table of Contents – Chapter 1, to describe Flight Simulator Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyse the top manufacturers of Flight Simulator, with sales, revenue, and price of Flight Simulator, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Flight Simulator, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyse the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Flight Simulator market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Flight Simulator sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Flight Simulator Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16012 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Aircraft Seating Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/11847-aircraft-seating-industry-market-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsaircraft, Aviation, Electronic Manufacturing Services, Electronics and Smart Devices, Flight Simulator Industry Report, Flight Simulator Market, Flight Simulator Market Analysis, Flight Simulator Market Growth, Flight Simulator Market Outlook, Flight Simulator Market Report, Flight Simulator Market Trends, Global Flight Simulator Industry Report, Semiconductor and Electronics, Semiconductors, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Marlborough Looks to Attract Upscale Restaurants Next PostNext Opening celebrations for Piece Hall, Halifax’s architectural gem Search Recent Posts REVA Symposium Showcases Clinical Data Free Hands-Only CPR Training Offered EEOC Sues Ruby Tuesday For Age Discrimination Cryolys® Evolution: Módulo de Refrigeração Incorporado Projetado para a Precellys® com o Homogenizador Evolution COMMONWEALTH TRANSPORTATION BOARD SEEKS INPUT ON PROJECTS – The public is invited to provide their feedback on projects that are scored and recommended for funding Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Boeing The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Defense contractors are taking very different approaches to fixing America’s broken-down bird problem. by Justin Bachman @justinbachman More stories by Justin Bachman May 17, 2017, 4:00 AM EDT The popular view of U.S. Army aviation owes a lot to Hollywood. Think of an Army helicopter, and the below is probably what comes to mind—courtesy of dozens of films such as Platoon, Apocalypse Now, and even Good Morning, Vietnam. Infantrymen in Vietnam jump from a Bell UH-1 Iroquois, also known as a “Huey,” in 1967. Photographer: Bettmann/Getty Images The Bell UH-1 “Huey” helicopter was a U.S. staple in Vietnam, while the 1980s-era Boeing Co. AH-64 Apache attack chopper was the first combat aircraft to fire a shot in the 1991 invasion of Iraq. Sikorsky’s UH-60 Black Hawk, the Army’s Huey replacement, has been a workhorse for troop transport and American special operations missions, including an unconfirmed stealthy version used in the 2011 raid that killed Osama bin Laden. For the most part, however, these aircraft are aged and require immense maintenance to stay aloft, which is costly to taxpayers and dents combat capability. The Pentagon, meanwhile, has been struggling to maintain aviation readiness across all service branches, with helicopters among the worst offenders. As a result, the military is working overtime to find a less burdensome way forward for what it calls vertical lift aircraft. U.S. Army aviators walk away from a Black Hawk helicopter during a sandstorm in Kandahar, Afghanistan, in 2011. Photographer: Peter Parks/AFP via Getty Images They call it the Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator. For the Army’s part of this program, Textron Inc.’s Bell Helicopter subsidiary and Lockheed Martin Corp.’s Sikorsky Aircraft, teamed up with Boeing, are offering dueling visions of futuristic rotorcraft destined to replace the huge numbers of Black Hawk and Apache helicopters that, respectively, provide troop movement and attack capability. Both designs are focused on providing the Army with greater speed, range, and hover stability than is available in a traditional helicopter—all while reducing unit and maintenance costs. This final point is crucial, since the Pentagon believes these new aircraft will cost less to buy and maintain than its current, more delicate fleet. Bell V-280 Valor. Source: Bell Helicopter   Bell’s Valor Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Bell Helicopter is modifying the tilt-rotor technology featured in the existing V-22 Osprey for a smaller Army craft called the V-280 Valor. Tilt-rotor craft have rotating propellers that allow them to take off like a helicopter and then fly like an airplane. The Osprey, despite suffering several fatal crashes in its development, has become a workhorse for the Marine Corps, which retains the majority of the 400 built to date (the Air Force has a few, too). The Valor as a carrier-based aircraft. Source: Bell Helicopter With a flat carbon composite wing, the V-280 offers a crucial difference from the larger Osprey, which is built in conjunction with Boeing, in that the rotors move but not the entire engine housing. The flat wing design is aimed at affordability, as is the reduction of moving pieces when transitioning from lift to horizontal flight. Bell officials stressed the “manufacturability” of their design a half dozen times during a recent tour of the company’s Amarillo, Texas, assembly facility, where it’s completing final tweaks for the V-280. The craft has a composite airframe and will cruise at 280 knots (322 mph), slightly speedier than the Osprey but dramatically faster than a helicopter. Bell plans to fly the V-280 Valor later this year. It’s designed to carry four crew and 14 troops. Sikorsky’s Defiant Sikorsky SB>1 Defiant. Source: Lockheed Martin Corp. The SB>1 Defiant is based on what Sikorsky calls “X2 Technology,” which encompasses a coaxial rotor system, an aft propeller, active vibration controls, active rudders and elevators, and fly-by-wire controls. The Defiant will cruise at 250 knots (288 mph) and offer greater hover stability, too. The helicopter is said to offer less downdraft and noise due to its dual rotors. Sikorsky, however, has faced questions about whether its new tech can translate to heavier helicopter platforms. The company has so far tested it on smaller aircraft such as the S-97 Raider, while the Defiant as currently designed is meant to carry four crew and 12 fully equipped troops. This spring, Sikorsky pushed its first flight test back to 2018. In a statement, the company expressed confidence that it can make the leap to larger aircraft, citing “analytics, and wind tunnel testing.” “We are confident that we understand and can manage the impacts of scaling the technology,” Sikorsky Vice President Dan Spoor said in an email. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next The U.S. Military’s Most Powerful Helicopters Keep Killing Troops in Fiery Crashes Is the F-35 a Trillion-Dollar Mistake? Look Inside the Sleekest Helicopter That Will Never Fly Quarter Century After Black Hawk Down, U.S. Revisits Somalia Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर�?स�?टपोस�?ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #SpaceX SpaceX successfully launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communication satellite SpaceX wants to put a constellation of satellites around the Earth starting 2019 SpaceX successfully launches first satellite for the US military Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> SpaceX successfully launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communication satellite By IANS /  17 May 2017 , 12:59 #SpaceX SpaceX has successfully launched a very heavy commercial communications satellite aimed at delivering high-speed broadband connectivity globally. The fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite took off on a Falcon 9 rocket from Nasa’s Kennedy Space Centre at about 7.21 p.m. EDT ( 4.51 a.m. Tuesday India time). “Successful deployment of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit confirmed,” SpaceX tweeted. Weighing in at nearly 13,500 pounds (6,123.4 kgs) atop the rocket, the fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite is the heaviest load lofted by a Falcon 9 yet, Floridatoday.com reported on Sunday. “Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) will boost the power of our award-winning Global Xpress network, which has been delivering seamless, high-speed broadband connectivity across the world since December 2015,” the London-based mobile satellite services provider said in a statement. “Once in geostationary orbit, the satellite will provide additional capacity for Global Xpress users on land, at sea and in the air,” Inmarsat said. The satellite, built by Boeing, was deployed approximately 32 minutes after launch when it came under the command of the Boeing and Inmarsat satellite operations teams based at the Boeing facility in El Segundo, California. “From here I-5 F4 will be manoeuvred to its geostationary orbit, 35,786km above Earth, where it will deploy its solar arrays and reflectors and undergo intensive payload testing before beginning commercial service,” Inmarsat said. Publish date: May 17, 2017 12:59 pm| Modified date: May 17, 2017 1:03 pm Tags: Inmarsat, Inmarsat-5, Inmarsat-5 F4, NASA, SpaceX Also read Nasa’s Cassini spacecraft captures best ever image of propeller belts in the rings of Saturn Nasa’s Peggy Whitson and Jack Fischer conduct 200th spacewalk at ISS X Recommended For You SpaceX wants to put a constellation of satellites around the Earth starting 2019 SpaceX successfully launches first satellite for the US military A ‘sensor issue’ prompts SpaceX to delay the launch of US military satellite Nasa wants to use spacecraft from Boeing and SpaceX as lifeboats for the International Space Station Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Google May 18, 2017 Google I/O 2017: Google Photos update makes sharing easier, offers physical photo books #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Computers in the Andhra Pradesh Secretariat infected by the WannaCry Ransomware #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #WannaCry May 18, 2017 SBI clarifies that all its ATMs are functional and not affected by the WannaCry ransomware #Google May 18, 2017 Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users #WannaCry May 18, 2017 Chinese state media says US should take some blame for the WannaCry ransomware attack SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Pilot Exodus Prompts India Air Regulator to Turn Labor Watchdog by Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky May 16, 2017, 8:57 AM EDT Move may hurt senior pilots eyeing cash rich foreign airlines Acute shortage of pilots as airlines ramp up aircraft purchase India’s aviation regulator wants senior pilots to provide at least a year’s notice before changing jobs, a move aimed at stemming exits that sometimes force airlines to scrap flights at the last minute. The proposed rules, if implemented, would affect experienced pilots who often move to foreign carriers lured by higher salaries. The draft measures, doubling the period to one year for commanders, may also upset market leader IndiGo’s ability to hire crew for its proposed small aircraft fleet, which it plans to start operating as soon as this year. The world is going through an acute shortage of experienced pilots as airlines, especially in Asia, order thousands of new planes valued at trillions of dollars. Airlines worldwide will need to recruit and train about 617,000 pilots to fly 39,620 planes, that are expected to be added through 2035, according to Boeing Co. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Pilots leaving their jobs is sometimes "is in the form of a concerted move, which is tantamount to holding the airline to ransom and leaving the traveling public stranded," the Directorate General of Civil Aviation said in draft rules posted on its website. The regulator has invited comments from the public by June 14 before finalizing its decision. IndiGo spokesman Ajay Jasra declined to comment. "The DGCA is paying more attention to mundane things like this rather than passenger safety which they appear to be totally ignorant of," said Mohan Ranganathan, a former commercial pilot and an aviation consultant based in Chennai. "IndiGo’s ATR plans will go for a toss if the one year notice period comes into force." India is the world’s fastest growing major aviation market, and overtook Japan as the third-biggest by domestic passengers last year, with airports in the South Asian nation handling 100 million local travelers compared with 97 million for Japan, according to CAPA. Potential for air traffic growth in India, which expanded about 24 percent last year on the back of an emerging middle class flying for the first time, has lured Singapore Airlines Ltd. and AirAsia Bhd. to set up local units, while Etihad Airways has bought a stake in Jet Airways India Ltd. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Research Hub Tweet   Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Market Analysis, Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2022 Report splits Europe into several key Countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Anti-Jamming for GPS in these countries.   Market Research HUB (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 17, 2017 ) This report studies sales (consumption) of Anti-Jamming for GPS in Europe market, especially in Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy, Spain and Benelux, focuses on top players in these countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these Countries, covering Rockwell Collins The Raytheon Company Novatel Inc. Cobham PLC. Mayflower Communications Company Inc BAE Systems PLC Furuno Electric Company Ltd Harris Corporation Lockheed Martin Thales Group The Boeing Company U-Blox Request Free Sample Report@ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=965573 Market Segment by Countries, this report splits Europe into several key Countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Anti-Jamming for GPS in these countries, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like Germany France UK Russia Italy Spain Benelux Split by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Split by application, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Anti-Jamming for GPS in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Read Full Report with TOC@ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/europe-anti-jamming-for-gps-market-report-2017-report.html Table of Contents: Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Market Report 2017 1 Anti-Jamming for GPS Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Anti-Jamming for GPS 1.2 Classification of Anti-Jamming for GPS 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.3 Application of Anti-Jamming for GPS 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.4 Anti-Jamming for GPS Market by Countries 1.4.1 Germany Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 France Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 UK Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Russia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Italy Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Spain Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Benelux Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Europe Market Size (Value and Volume) of Anti-Jamming for GPS (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.1.2 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS (Volume and Value) by Countries 2.3.1 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Market Share by Countries (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS Revenue and Market Share by Countries (2012-2017) 2.4 Europe Anti-Jamming for GPS (Volume) by Application 3 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 Germany Anti-Jamming for GPS Sales and Market Share by Type ... BUY THIS REPORT@ http://www.researchmoz.com/checkout?rep_id=965573&licType=S About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRHs expansive collection of Semiconductors market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll-Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Contact Information: Market Research Hub Sudip S Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales Industry Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis Global Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report provide the details about Industry Overview and analysis about Manufacturing Cost Structure, Revenue, Gross Margin, Consumption Value and Sale Price, Major Manufacturer   Global Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report provide the details about Industry Overview and analysis about Manufacturing Cost Structure, Revenue, Gross Margin, Consumption Value and Sale Price, Major Manufacturers, Distributors, Industry Chain Structure, New Project SWOT Analysis with Development Trends and Forecasts 2021. (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 17, 2017 ) The Global Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales industry. With around 150 tables and figures this report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and Bill of Materials cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Access Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-antenna-transducer-and-radome-atr-sales-market-report-2017 Companies like Commscope Inc., Hongke Microwave Communication Co., Ltd, Ethertronics Inc., Scelectron, Antenna World Inc., L-3 Communications Holding Inc., Thales S.A., The Boeing Company, BAE Systems, Qinetiq Group PLC, Finmeccanica S.P.A  P, Ruhle Companies, Inc., Sonion, Grupo Premo, Airbus Group, AeroVironment Inc. and more are profiled in the terms of product picture, specification, capacity, production, price, cost, gross, revenue, and contact information. Global Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Purchase this Premium Research Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/308524 Table of Contents: 1 Industry Overview of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 4 Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 5 Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 6 Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales by Regions, Types and Applications 7 Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 9 Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 10 Industry Chain Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 11 Development Trend of Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 12 New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales 13 Conclusion of the Global Antenna, Transducer and Radome (ATR) Sales Industry 2017 Market Research Report Inquire for Sample or Discount at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/308524 The Market Reports We aim to provide the best industry and market research report to a seeker. Today, The Market Reports is a one stop destination for all the report buyers. We have a collection of over 100,000+ research, company, market, SWOT, trends and analysis reports of various countries, categories and domain to meet an organization need. Website: https://www.themarketreports.com/ Write us at sales@themarketreports.com Call at +1-631-407-1315 / +91-750-729-1479 Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Subscribe | Sign in. 63° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars Archive for Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Letter to the editor: Our leader Email Print Facebook Tweet Comments (7) By Randi Hacker, Lawrence May 17, 2017 Advertisement To the editor: Here is a quote from a recent Time interview with Donald J. Trump: “They said the F-35 program is now straightened out and the costs are way down. They’re down because of me. Then Boeing when the F-18, I mean I must have got thirty-five million of each plane off ... You know they had the F-35s, they had thirty-five of them fly over Japan when [Defense Secretary] General [James] Mattis was there, and they were not detected by the radar. They flew over and everyone said where the hell did they come from? That’s stealth. It’s pretty cool, right. Thirty-five of them flying at a high speed, low, and they were not detected. They flew right over the top of the deal, nobody knew they were coming. Pretty cool, right?” Our diplomatic relations, foreign policy and nuclear codes are in the hands of this man. Copyright 2017 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published. Print Favorite 7 comments E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: More like this story on LJWorld.com Letter to the editor: Give Trump a chance Opinion: Trump diminishing GOP chances Trump: U.S. must 'greatly strengthen' nuclear capability Comments Charles L. Bloss, Jr. 18 hours, 17 minutes ago I agree, the stealth technology is cool. 0 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Cary Ediger 17 hours, 40 minutes ago I am sure you must have misquoted a direct quote thus making this fake news. 2 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Carol Bowen 17 hours, 30 minutes ago Time interview with Donald Trump, May 11, 2017. The quote is directly from the interview. Check it out before commenting. Let's work on sorting out real fake news together. There sure is a lot of fake news. No disagreement there. 3 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Cary Ediger 17 hours, 8 minutes ago Guess you missed my sarcasm ;) 3 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Carol Bowen 11 hours, 48 minutes ago Oops. Sorry. I was practicing my "fake news" response. Not paying attention. 1 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Dorothy Hoyt-Reed 17 hours, 7 minutes ago I think Cary was trying to be funny. Read the sentence again. 2 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Cary Ediger 17 hours, 1 minute ago Yep :) 1 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Sign in to comment Login/Signup loading... Most discussed Most e-mailed Kansas Senate's K-12 funding bill to include utility fees May 17, 2017 · 2 comments Source: Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn investigation May 16, 2017 · 23 comments Former FBI Director Mueller named to oversee Trump-Russia investigation May 17, 2017 · 5 comments Blog: New owners to close longtime cable news channel this summer; one of city's largest employers gets new boss May 17, 2017 · 15 comments Trump revealed highly classified info to Russia, reportedly putting source at risk May 16, 2017 · 33 comments City leaders briefed on proposed changes to police oversight procedures May 16, 2017 · 9 comments Blog: School district won't say what it plans to pay Hayden in new COO position; new questions about timing of superintendent's resignation May 16, 2017 · 17 comments Editorial: Salary shouldn’t be a secret May 17, 2017 · 9 comments Lawrence school board discusses outgoing superintendent's proposed salary of $150,000, but delays vote until next meeting May 17, 2017 · 1 comment Attorney says house arrest for Eudora woman accused of killing baby is too inconvenient, asks judge to modify May 17, 2017 · 1 comment More Police investigating death of Lawrence nurse May 10, 2017 Lead paint detected at Cordley August 13, 2003 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online Store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law Erdoğan’s Treats Trump Like A Chump Non-Sequiturs: 05.17.17 Thanks So Much To Our Wonderful Advertisers Biglaw Partner Named Special Counsel In Russia Investigation Mixing Work With Play: Baseball And CLE The Life And Times Of James Comey Most Lawyers Couldn’t Care Less That Facebook Has 2 Billion Users Even ‘Superwomen’ In Biglaw Can Be Discriminated Against Mind Your Manners, That Is, If You Have Any Lawyers: Fear Ye Not The Freeloader, For I Myself Have Been One ‘Donor’-Conceived Dutch Demand Data How AI And Machine-Learning Tools Lighten The eDiscovery Load Being Associate Dean Facing Your Fears In Recovery Top 5 Law Schools If You Want An Actual Legal Job (2016) Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Download Our Free Report Law Schools, Litigators, SCOTUS, Supreme Court 3 Lessons Learned From Litigating A Landmark Case Paul, Weiss partner Roberta Kaplan reflects on the history-making case of United States v. Windsor. By David Lat May 16, 2017 at 7:42 PM Shares125 Edie Windsor and Roberta Kaplan (Photo by Brad Barket/Getty) What do Roberta Kaplan, the longtime Paul, Weiss partner and Above the Law’s 2013 Lawyer of the Year, and J. Michael Luttig, the Fourth Circuit judge turned Boeing general counsel, share in common? Not a lot, you might think. Kaplan, a leading liberal litigator, is most famous for winning the Supreme Court case of United States v. Windsor, a landmark LGBT rights ruling. Judge Luttig, in contrast, was for many years a top conservative contender to sit on the high court (and is now reportedly under consideration to serve as FBI director). Well, here’s your answer: they both spoke at law school graduations this year, and in their remarks, they both stressed the importance of the rule of law. In her commencement address at Pace Law School, Robbie Kaplan even gave Judge Luttig (and Above the Law) a nice shout-out: This sense of inherent dignity that animates the Supreme Court’s jurisprudence in Windsor and Obergefell is not necessarily limited to people. Like my client Edie Windsor, principles and institutions like the United States Constitution, the Rule of Law, and the Presidency itself have their own sense of dignity. Those of you who read the Above the Law blog may have seen a post about a speech former Fourth Circuit Judge Michael Luttig gave at the graduation of the University of South Carolina law school earlier this month. In that speech, Judge Luttig proclaimed that “we in the legal profession are the stewards and guardians of the Rule of Law – the foundation of civilized society and the guarantor of liberty. If this sounds as if the lawyer holds a special place in the constitutional order that is our democracy and that we are weighted by an almost-sacred responsibility, it is because we do and we are.” In these polarized times, it’s nice to see two legal luminaries from opposite sides of the aisle stressing the importance of the rule of law (even if they might disagree on whether specific actions — such as President Donald Trump’s firing of FBI director James Comey, discussed by Kaplan in her speech — are consistent with the rule of law). This is just one highlight from Robbie Kaplan’s moving and thoughtful speech, in which she shares three lessons she learned from litigating the Windsor case. Flip to the next page to read her remarks in full (and if you haven’t read it already, check out her wonderful memoir, Then Comes Marriage (affiliate link)). Promoted Sponsored Content Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year The Life Sciences Law Firm Index identifies the most active and relevant firms for life science companies… The Life Sciences Law Firm Index identifies the most active and relevant firms for life science companies… Brian Dalton Promoted Sponsored Content The Rocket Matter Office 365 Integration: Two Powerful Clouds, One Amazing Experience The Rocket Matter Office 365 Integration Rocket Matter’s email integration is an extremely helpful way to organize all of the information in your matters and cut down on the time it takes to bill for correspondence. Two Powerful Clouds, One Amazing Experience Rocket Matter 1 2Next » Shares125 Topics Biglaw, Commencement, Graduation, Graduation speakers, J. Michael Luttig, Law Schools, Litigators, Mike Luttig, Paul Weiss, Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison, Politics, Robbie Kaplan, Roberta A. Kaplan, Roberta Kaplan, SCOTUS, Supreme Court —ADVERTISEMENT— ATL Law Firm Directory Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP More stats and coverage Insider Rating B+ Industry Reputation A- Top Practice by Headcount Litigation 46% Latest Revenue $0 Firm Size 949 lawyers Largest Office Latest on Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP New York Biglaw Makes Waaaay More Money Than The Rest Of You Paul, Weiss Investigating Bill O’Reilly Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson Returns Home — To Paul, Weiss Morning Docket: 01.23.17 Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles Biglaw Firm Encourages Associates To Sleep During Working Hours Top 5 Law Schools If You Want An Actual Legal Job (2016) Biglaw Partner Named Special Counsel In Russia Investigation HUGE LAYOFF REPORT: Biglaw Firm Lays Off Associates, Staff, And Partners Erdoğan’s Treats Trump Like A Chump The New York Times Spills the Beans on the Casey Greenfield / Jeffrey Toobin Affair Biglaw Firm Makes Life Easier For Working Mothers The Life And Times Of James Comey Even ‘Superwomen’ In Biglaw Can Be Discriminated Against Law School Once Again Destroys State’s Bar Exam Passage Rate eDiscovery Is Big Business — And Worth Fighting Over For Providers State Accidentally Abolishes ‘American Rule’ For Attorneys’ Fees California’s Bar Exam Results Are Absolutely Abysmal Silly Things Clients Say California Cannabis: The Marijuana Retailing Rules (Part II) From the Above the Law Network Are We In A Golden Age of Legal Research Innovation? Source: Lawsites Blog BEST LIFE SCIENCES LAW FIRM RANKING 2017 Source: Lake Whillans Happy Birthday, Texas Attorneys! (Or, How To Fulfill Your Texas Requirements) Source: Lawline CLE Need Leads Delivered Right to Your Law Firm? Source: Thomson Reuters Want to Be a Rainmaker? Patch Your Intake Pipeline. Source: Thomson Reuters FindLaw Case Study: Is The Grass Really Greener? Source: Thomson Reuters 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Source: Kinney Recruiting Non-Sequiturs: 05.16.17 Morning Docket: 05.17.17 Shares125 Promoted Sponsored Content Join Us In San Francisco For Better Know A Circuit Event Join Us In San Francisco For Better Know A Circuit Event Request your RSVP now. Request your RSVP now. Elie Mystal Promoted Sponsored Content Become More Efficient In Your Practice With Bloomberg Law Become More Efficient In Your Practice Bloomberg Law consolidates the best labor and employment law resources in the market. Bloomberg Law consolidates the best labor and employment resources. Bloomberg BNA Recent Jobs Environmental Associate Location: Seattle, Washington posted by Stoel Rives LLP Rechtsanwalt (m/w) für Bau- und Immobilienrecht in Frankfurt Location: Frankfurt, Germany posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Covenant Analyst Location: New York, New York posted by Xtract Research Mid Level Finance Associate Location: Dallas, Texas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Senior Attorney - Regulatory Location: Memphis, Tennessee posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life’s financial decisions. Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life. Above The Law Promoted Sponsored Content Has this changed where you practice, too? Has this changed where you practice, too? At the 2017 ABA Techshow, we spoke with many attendees and began to hear an emerging theme. Something that used to be unheard of is now becoming commonplace. At the ABA Techshow 2017 we discovered something that used to be unheard of is becoming common. Thomson Reuters Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
The Spectator Seattle University's student newspaper since 1933. About Contact Jobs Staff Advertise Galleries Home News A & E Features Opinion Sports Comics Columns Go to...Home News A & E Features Opinion Sports Comics Columns Features > News > News > Seattle University Faculty and Staff Respond to FY18 Budget with Concern Nick Turner No Comments » May 17th, 2017 “We’re in real trouble,” Chris Paul said over the phone on Monday. “Running SU costs more money every year, and we’re making less money every year. That’s a crisis.” Paul is an associate professor of communication and journalism in the College of Arts and Sciences. He’s also President of the Faculty Staff Senate, a shared-governance body comprised of 11 faculty and staff members. Evidently, he’s not alone in believing that Seattle U is experiencing what some are calling a budget “crisis.” The Faculty Staff Senate (FSS) gathered for its spring plenary meeting on Tuesday, May 9 where they discussed, among other things, deepening concerns over the questionable working conditions and compensation of faculty and staff and rumored budget cuts in colleges across the campus. Some of these concerns were alleviated, and others not so much, when President Fr. Stephen Sundborg, S.J. announced last week that the university’s fiscal budget for 2017-18 had been approved by the Board of Trustees. “As it gets increasingly outrageous to live in Seattle, our wonderful location becomes an area of concern. For a college that has some of the lowest salaries across the board, we’re going to be the canary in the coal mine.” – Chris Paul, President of the Faculty Staff Senate The new budget, which reported an increase in net revenue alongside the elimination of multiple staff positions, will serve as a barometer for how the university will weather the changing landscape of higher education in the coming fiscal cycle. “You know, I’m 60 years old now. I don’t get surprised as easy as I used to,” said Connie Kanter, Seattle U’s Chief Financial Officer and Vice President for Finance and Business Affairs, as she pointed out key parts of the new budget. Seattle U accrued $213 million in net revenue—$3.3 million more than the last fiscal year—85 percent of which comes from tuition and fees. Undergraduate enrollment is down due to a large number of students graduating in June; faculty salaries, on average, increased by 1.8 percent but expenditures remained steady across the board. “It is important to keep in mind that Seattle University is in a solid financial position with stable enrollment overall and continued revenue growth,” Sundborg wrote in his announcement. “The budget gap for FY18 made for a uniquely challenging process. More than ever, it called on us to engage deeply within and across the university community on the challenges and opportunities before us,” he said. “This type of engagement, collaboration and shared responsibility will be important as we continue working to reposition the university financially and more fully align our education for students with emerging workforce and societal needs.” $7 million—or 3.5 percent—in reductions were made in the new budget. $2.7 million came from operational expenses, 2.4 percent from staff related costs, 1.1 percent from program eliminations and reductions and 0.8 percent from contingencies and unused funds from the previous fiscal cycle. Programs that face elimination and reduction include, but are not limited to, Learning Communities, the Eastside campus, Campus Ministry programs, managed study abroad programs, games at KeyArena, Sullivan program support, summer fellowships, the Center for Jesuit Education, the Poverty Education Center, the Center for Environmental Justice and Sustainability and Athletics, which includes marketing costs, travel fees and coaching staff salaries. ANNIE CHANG • THE SPECTATOR New investments included an added $5.7 million in financial aid, higher compensation in the faculty wage pool and new academic programs like master’s programs in social work, business analytics and mechanical engineering, among other programs. The budget could be seen as a sign of encouragement. Sundborg wrote in his announcement: Seattle U is in a “solid financial position with stable enrollment and continued revenue growth.” The budget “reflects university priorities” of improved collaboration and shared responsibility, and demonstrated “unprecedented communications and budget transparency” and a “commitment to longer term financial planning in conjunction with [a] new strategic plan.” “The success of the new five-year plan will depend on our ability to better address issues such as compensation increases and the substantial cost-of-living increases and challenge of finding affordable housing in Seattle,” Sundborg wrote in his letter. “Funding priorities included compensation increases and hiring additional faculty in areas of growth.” According to reporting done by the Spectator’s news editor Tess Riski, a survey taken by faculty in the College of Arts and Sciences paints a different picture. The FSS created the survey after members encountered and spoke with faculty and staff members who were experiencing financial struggles. The survey, which was administered to those within the College of Arts and Sciences (CAS), included three questions: what is your position, how long have you been working here and what is your economic reality? 122 individuals—roughly half of the entire college—responded to the survey. The responses were visceral, but at the same time, not surprising, said Christina Roberts, an associate professor of English and FSS member. The stories submitted anonymously in the survey depicted an unfortunate situation: professors and employees working multiple jobs, hesitating to start a family for lack of financial stability, others fearing that they won’t be able to support their family, or their children, for much longer. “When we are not coming together to engage in conversation about the quality of all of our experiences in this space, we can miss important and valuable contributions,” Roberts said. “Seattle U has incredible opportunities that a lot of these other spaces don’t, but I don’t think SU is looking at those unrealized opportunities,” Roberts added. “Instead they’re looking to what they imagine would be something that would lead to success.” Roberts alluded to potential partnerships, like the Youth Initiative, through which Seattle U could advocate for environmental stewardship, ending the prison industrial complex and social justice. The university has an opportunity, Roberts added, to help people in need, especially those who have been marginalized like the homeless and those struggling to make ends meet. “Some of the anecdotes describe people who are clearly in a difficult situation, who are struggling to get by in an extremely expensive, inflationary city,” said Interim Provost Bob Dullea. “It made clear to me that we have a tremendous amount of work to do to find ways to better compensate our people in a situation where inflation is outpacing our ability to grow our revenue.” Roberts said the survey demonstrates the necessity for a market equity adjustment, a process through which the university tries to compensate its employees competitively by comparing wages to similar institutions. According to Paul, the last adjustment was done eight years ago, and it revealed that Seattle U was paying, on average, roughly $5 million less in collective median salaries than its sister colleges. “We need to make investing in compensation for faculty and staff a top financial budgetary priority,” Dullea said. “We need to find ways to grow the university, to increase net revenues, to bring in the funding that will give us the capacity to be better at compensating our people.” During the last market equity adjustment, Roberts said, Seattle U was compared to institutions like Regis University, in Denver, Colo. and Gonzaga University in Spokane, Wash., among others. Roberts, Paul and nearly all members of the FSS pointed out that neither university is an appropriate model for how Seattle U should compensate its workers. Seattle U , Paul explained, finds itself in the margins of a wealthy, growing city dominated by massive tech employers—Amazon, Microsoft and Boeing, to name a few—all of which can afford to pay salaries that Seattle U “can’t dream of.” The cost of living in Seattle isn’t isolated to being able to pay bills. Rather, it spills into all facets of life: “Going out to eat costs more, getting food costs more, transportation costs more,” Paul said. “All those things make being at Seattle U harder.” FSS members, as well as faculty members who took the College of Arts and Sciences survey, brought forth two major concerns: housing and childcare. “As it gets increasingly outrageous to live in Seattle, our wonderful location becomes an area of concern,” Paul said. “For a college that has some of the lowest salaries across the board, we’re going to be the canary in the coal mine.” These issues, he added, affect students just as they do faculty and staff. Paul said that when he started working at Seattle U almost 10 years ago, students could easily find apartments on Capitol Hill in close proximity to campus.Now, he said, that’s not the case. These problems, Paul concluded, are haunting us now because the university procrastinated. “We’ve not made hard decisions. We’ve avoided making them and focused on getting from one year to the next,” Paul said. “We have to start coming up with plans and strategies, and those require hard choices that traditionally we’ve not been very good at making.” Roberts said she believes there’s an additional factor: poverty shaming and the privileging of wealth. “[Wealth] shouldn’t be something that is causing anyone personal shame when there are inequities—historically, locally, all across the board—that are creating these conditions…and has created a condition in which people who are struggling economically have internalized a sense of shame, and that’s something that I want all members of our campus community to be really intentional about not replicating” Roberts said. “It perpetuates that narrative, that if you just worked hard enough, you’d be successful.” Roberts believes the shaming of poverty, and the struggles that it involves, will only serve to stifle the conversation and dampen future efforts to address such inequities. To help, Roberts stocks her office with food and tells her students: “If you’re hungry, come to my office and I’ll feed you!” Nick can be reached at nturner@su-spectator.com Sam Schultheis Strategic Communications Major, Digital Media Coordinator for the Spectator. Talents include coffee consumption, making friends with dogs, and figuring things out as he goes. ↑ Back to top Follow Us! 1100followers 808likes 183followers Recent Articles Faculty and Staff Respond to FY18 Budget with Concern Seattle U Debate Team Succeeds at National Tournament Quadstock to Adjust Talent Vetting After Canceling Headliner Featured Video Seattle U alumni joined current members of Seattle U’s D1 improv group last Friday for a show that had the crowd roaring with laughter as two teams of improvisers competed in various scenarios and improv games. Latest Video Articles Alumni Hit the Stage With D1 ImprovMay 10, 2017 Love City Love Hosts Seattle U Undergraduate Album ReleaseMay 3, 2017 Redhawks Battle, Fall Short of WinApril 12, 2017 Latest Galleries Peace and Protest on May DayMay 3, 2017 United Filipino Club Hosts Barrio XXIIIMarch 8, 2017 10th Annual Dance Marathon Shatters Fundraising GoalFebruary 22, 2017 TagsStudent Life News Featured Campus Life Seattle Sports Review Movies Food Capitol Hill Events Politics Campus Music Justice Columns Health Redhawks Education human rights Environment Opinion Violence Gallery Expenses Development Science Equality Entertainment Universities Clubs Washington LGBTQ Fashion Basketball Election arts and entertainment Ethnicity Shows Features Crime MRC Student Coalition Baseball Internet Q&A Soccer Comics Technology Natural Disaster NFL Football Men's Basketball Seahawks Culture Oscars Vote Art Women's Basketball Critic's Corner SGSU Presidential Election 2016 Humor Administration NBA Interview Men's Baseball softball Government Shutdown MLB Television Film Video Government Construction Men's Soccer Tennis Faculty Unionization Holiday Bon Apettit Movie Women's Softball Quadstock Disease 125th History Women's Soccer Homelessness Cross Country Matteo Ricci College Dance Mariners Theater Budget Student Government Cascadia Comedy Media Video Games Literature Religion The Spectator The Spectator is Seattle University’s 80-year-old student newspaper. Our issues hit the stands every Wednesday and our staff works hard to deliver the campus community news that is informed, engaging and reflective of the values of the Seattle U community. Recent Tweets SU's D1 Improv is always fairly goofy. But when alumni joined current students for a show, things got wild.… https://t.co/yhEpMdZlEE - Tuesday May 16 - 9:20pm Environmental activists shut down 12 branches of Chase Bank across Seattle last Monday. Amongst them, SU students.… https://t.co/ezbTpkCpkc - Monday May 15 - 8:15pm Sports Editor Willy Goldstein takes a swing at predictions for the 2017 MLB season. Here's what to keep an eye on:… https://t.co/RtB0DzrM9f - Monday May 15 - 1:05am Recent Posts Faculty and Staff Respond to FY18 Budget with Concern Seattle U Debate Team Succeeds at National Tournament Quadstock to Adjust Talent Vetting After Canceling Headliner Matteo Ricci College Looks to Reinvent Itself Login Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © The Spectator. All rights reserved. Designed and Implemented by Bits of Web Better Tag Cloud
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close TRAVEL 05/17/2017 08:05 pm ET So THAT'S What The Hook On Your Airplane Tray Table Is For We always wondered. By Suzy Strutner Turns out airline tray tables can carry more than just food crumbs and germs. That little hook attached to some tray table knobs is actually a coat hook, Lifehacker points out. Of course, it works for hanging items like earphones and sweaters, too. Getty Images Getty Images On some plane seats, you’ll find the coat hook next to your tray table or on the side of the seat instead. Others don’t have a hook at all, sadly.   Getty Images Whether or not a plane has a coat hook is a matter of airline preference. You see, airlines order their planes from manufacturers like Boeing, then customize the interiors with the help of companies like Rockwell Collins, which manufactures airplane seats. Indeed, that tray table hook is “a coat hook option that some airlines take” when designing their cabins, a spokeswoman for Rockwell Collins told HuffPost. The more you know. ALSO ON HUFFPOST Airports with Awesome Amenities Airports with Awesome Amenities Airports with Awesome Amenities 1 of 5 Miami International Airport Best known for high-end shopping, Miami International has plenty to keep travelers occupied. Stores like Coach, Brookstone and Emporio Armani line the terminals and have led the airport to a top ten spot on CheapFlight’s best airports for shopping list. The Miami mall-like airport was the only American one to make it on the list. Photo Credit: Shopmiamiairport.comClick Here to See More of Airports with Awesome Amenities Share this slide: Suggest a correction Suzy Strutner Lifestyle Editor, HuffPost MORE: Science And Technology Boeing Rockwell Collins Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW LIFESTYLE We’re basically your best friend… with better taste. Learn more Newsletter 1.66 M 431 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat So THAT'S What The Hook On Your Airplane Tray Table Is For CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Lifestyle
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Boeing, Piasecki Unveil Concepts For Marines’ MUX UAS You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing, Piasecki Unveil Concepts For Marines’ MUX UAS May 18, 2017 Graham Warwick | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 More companies are declaring their interest in the U.S. Marine Corps’ emerging MUX requirement for a long-range, long-endurance expeditionary unmanned aircraft system (UAS). A request for information from industry on the multimission UAS is expected by year-end. Boeing is studying a tailsitting vertical-takeoff-and-landing (VTOL) design as one of several potential configurations for MUX, while Piasecki Aircraft Corp. is pursuing a tilting ducted fan concept derived from a VTOL UAS ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "Boeing, Piasecki Unveil Concepts For Marines’ MUX UAS" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 ABCjunior on May 17, 2017 Wow, what an interesting article. First off, I was unaware that Piasecki -- which along with Sikorsky pioneered what became the modern cargo and troop-transport helicopters -- still existed with that name. Next I read about "tailsitters" and flash back to the Convair XFY and Lockheed XFV aircraft. And then I read about tiltroters and flash back to the Bell XV-3, which was the granddaddy of the V-22 Osprey. I couldn't quit smiling, and trying to imagine a stealthy, supersonic biplane. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Piasecki Parlays Darpa’s ARES Into MUX UAS Bid   Aurora LightningStrike In ‘MUX’ Mix Versus Bell And Northrop 1   Marine Air Chief Sees MUX As Armed Escort For V-22, F-35   The Week In Technology, Sept. 26-30, 2016   Advertisement Defense: Market Briefing A subscription to Aerospace Daily & Defense Report is required to access these stories.   Honeywell Launches Venture Capital Effort  Philippines Yet Again Seeks Tenders For Light Attackers  Industry To Help NATO Identify Next-Gen Rotorcraft Needs  U.S. Army, Marines Looking At Tactical Resupply UAS  Tailsitter Boeing Option For Marines’ MUX UAV  Japanese Order For Aegis Ashore Increasingly Likely  Piasecki Parlays Darpa’s ARES Into MUX UAS Bid  India’s Tejas Inches Toward Final Operational Clearance    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Asbarez.com 15 Must read articles May 18, 2017 Royce Demands Accountability for Brutal Attack on DC Protesters The Movie, the Cross and the Harissa Dinner Vartan Gregorian Awarded Honorary Degree US Renewable Energy Company Keen on Investing in Armenia International Observers Call for ‘Further Democratic Consolidation’ after Yerevan Elections Yerevan-Tel Aviv Maiden Flight Launched Erdogan’s Bodyguards Involved in Brutal Attack on DC Protesters Russia Guarantees Gyumri Murderer Will Serve Entire Sentence Berdzor (Lachin): The Lifeline for Artsakh Azerbaijan Suffers Losses after Artsakh Takes Defensive Measures (Video) Things Turn Bloody as Pro-Erdogan Group Attacks Protesters in DC WATCH: Police Drag Postanjyan; Ombudsman Says Will Investigate Use of Force Schiff Announces Winners of the Congressional Art Competition Mesrobian Class of 2017 College Acceptances Announced Areg Balayan from Artsakh Wins Aurora Photo Competition DW Focus Home Top Stories Community Arts & Culture Art Books Music Theatre Critics’ Forum ‘Sam Grigorian: Coloration’ to be Featured Online on Artsy - May 11, 2017 Kardash Onnig’s ‘Transfourming Sorrow’ Installation to Feature in Connecticut - May 4, 2017 Three Artists to Represent Armenia in Venice Biennale - May 2, 2017 Arthur Sarkissian’s LA Series to be Featured Online During Month of March - March 6, 2017 ‘She Loves’ Art Exhibition Brings Together 45 Women Artists on Feb. 10 - February 6, 2017View all Abril Bookstore to Present New Anthology of Contemporary Armenian Literature - March 29, 2017 Watenpaugh’s Book on Humanitarianism during Genocide to be Presented in Fresno - March 20, 2017 Ara Madzounian to Exhibit Photographs of Bourj Hammoud at Roslin Art Gallery - March 8, 2017 Book on Vatican Efforts to Stop Armenian Genocide Released - March 6, 2017 Little Free Libraries in Armenia Launches Campaign to Expand to Regions, Artsakh - March 6, 2017View all Maestro Greg Hosharian Conducts Evening of Timeless Melodies - March 31, 2017 Singer-Songwriter Natalie K to Release New Single ‘Man Up’ on April 21 - March 29, 2017 Mankerian Performs Finale of Four Benefit Concerts - March 28, 2017 Armenian-American Drummer Sib Hashian Passes Away - March 24, 2017 Armenia Premieres Eurovision 2017 Song ‘Fly With Me’ - March 20, 2017View all Partzratzeer yev Partzratzoor - April 18, 2017 Armenian Genocide Novel by Turkish Writer Adapted into Theater - March 1, 2017 THEATER: Silly ‘Tenor,’ Ponderous ‘Adam Noorian’ Start Theater Season at Opposite Extremes - February 10, 2017 Popular Comedy ‘Where Is Your Groom?’ Part II to Debut in New York - January 20, 2017 Critics’ Forum: Theater’s Dirty Word - December 31, 2016View all Critics’ Forum: Theater’s Dirty Word - December 31, 2016 Bourj Hammoud As A Palimpsest Of Culture In Ara Madzounian’s ‘Birds’ Nest’ - December 31, 2015 ‘Happy Armenians’ and a Post-Centennial Paradigm for Armenian Drama - December 31, 2015 Beyond Istanbul: When Superheroes Rule Our World Christian Batikian’s ‘Captain America’ - October 22, 2015 A Deconstruction Of Connected Histories In Aline Ohanesian’s ‘Orhan’s Inheritance’ - April 23, 2015View all Op-Ed Editorial Opinon Letters Editorial: Shushi’s Liberation Cemented Artsakh’s Victory - May 8, 2017 Editorial: World Events Raise Urgency of Justice for Armenian Genocide - April 22, 2017 Editorial: ARF’s Continuing Commitment to Artsakh - January 13, 2017 Editorial: 2016 Turning Points Will Define Our Future - December 31, 2016 Liska’s No More, But for How Long? - October 6, 2016View all What’s Next for Turkey? - April 18, 2017 Untimely Death Of An Activist - March 24, 2017 Turkey vs. Europe: Any Lessons? - March 17, 2017 A Diasporan Minister of Diaspora: A Proposal - March 10, 2017 Armenia’s Diaspora Minister Makes Puzzling Assertions - December 8, 2016View all U.S. is a Rainbow of Immigrants - January 27, 2017 Israel Should Stop Selling Weapons to Azerbaijan - December 15, 2016 Tribute to Tom Vartabedian - November 28, 2016 Dear Armenian-American Millennials - November 10, 2016 Nazarian: Letter to Recai - November 7, 2016View all Columns By Any Means My Turn Three Apples Community Links Critics’ Forum My Name is Armen Living in Armenia Turn, Turn, Turn - May 12, 2017 Ankara, Azerbaijan, and Abashment - May 5, 2017 Time to Mature - April 28, 2017 Pardon My Genocide - April 21, 2017 Tremulous Truculent Turbulent Turkey - April 14, 2017View all Malta Bank Employee Reveals Documents Linking Aliyevs to Bank Accounts - 2 days ago Aliyev Family Plunders Azerbaijan’s Oil Revenue - May 9, 2017 Azerbaijan Accused of Giving Millions in Bribes to Council of Europe - May 2, 2017 Trump Succumbs to Turkish Pressures By Not Recognizing the Armenian Genocide - April 25, 2017 Turkish Writer Exposes Persecution of Jews in Turkey - April 19, 2017View all The Architect in a Box - April 17, 2015 Three Apples: dOIN’ tIME iN dAW’HA - June 19, 2014 CAPITAL City - October 16, 2013 Pretty Good Day - August 30, 2013 An Open Letter to Him - May 17, 2013View all The Movie, the Cross and the Harissa Dinner - 10 hours ago Looking Into the Armenian Community of San Francisco - May 4, 2017 ‘Re-Imagined’ Glendale Central Library to Open May 1 - April 27, 2017 The Promise, An Exemplary Movie - April 21, 2017 Stepping Back into Colonial Times and the Armenian Connection - March 7, 2017View all Critics’ Forum: Theater’s Dirty Word - December 31, 2016 Bourj Hammoud As A Palimpsest Of Culture In Ara Madzounian’s ‘Birds’ Nest’ - December 31, 2015 ‘Happy Armenians’ and a Post-Centennial Paradigm for Armenian Drama - December 31, 2015 Beyond Istanbul: When Superheroes Rule Our World Christian Batikian’s ‘Captain America’ - October 22, 2015 A Deconstruction Of Connected Histories In Aline Ohanesian’s ‘Orhan’s Inheritance’ - April 23, 2015View all The True Heart of an Old Armenian Town - December 12, 2014 The Destiny of Survival - February 28, 2013 The Magical Thread That Binds Generations - August 30, 2012 A Blinding Clarity of Vision - May 10, 2012 Seasons of Love: Embracing Fall - October 31, 2011View all A Plate of Ham and Eggs - February 10, 2014 The Independence Generation - February 3, 2014 Tamar Tatik of Aygepar - January 28, 2014 No Pasarán and Other Stories - January 21, 2014 The Front Line - January 14, 2014View all Sports Videos Recent Posts Royce Demands Accountability for Brutal Attack on DC Protesters - 9 hours ago The Movie, the Cross and the Harissa Dinner - 10 hours ago Vartan Gregorian Awarded Honorary Degree - 10 hours ago US Renewable Energy Company Keen on Investing in Armenia - 10 hours ago International Observers Call for ‘Further Democratic Consolidation’ after Yerevan Elections - 11 hours ago Vartan Gregorian Awarded Honorary Degree Latest News Top Stories10 hours ago Vartan Gregorian waves to the audience after receiving an honorary doctoral degree at the University of South Carolina commencement exercises where he shared the stage with J. Cantey Heath, Jr., Secretary to the Board of Trustees and University Secretary; and The Hon. John C. von Lehe, Jr., Chairman of the Board of Trustees. (Photo: USC/Jason Ayer) COLUMBIA, South Carolina—The University of South Carolina welcomed Vartan Gregorian, president of Carnegie Corporation of New York, to its Columbia campus on May 5th for commencement ceremonies and to receive an honorary doctoral degree—the university’s highest recognition. The Doctor of Letters was conferred by Harris Pastides, President of the University of South Carolina; Joan T.A. Gable, Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs and Provost; The Honorable John C. von Lehe, Jr., Chairman of the Board of Trustees; and J. Cantey Heath, Jr., Secretary to the Board of Trustees and University Secretary. The citation recognized Gregorian “for his excellence as a faculty member and administrator in higher education; for his commitment to scholarship and learning at the highest levels; and for his service in support of important civic, artistic and humanitarian organizations.” Gregorian is a past president of both Brown University and The New York Public Library. He was also the founding dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania, and also served as that institution’s provost. Other honorees included His Excellency António Manuel De Oliveira Guterres, Secretary General of the United Nations, who received an honorary degree of Doctor of Public Service; J. Michael Luttig, former U.S. Circuit Court judge and executive vice president and general counsel of The Boeing Company, who received a Doctor of Laws; and Barry Bryan Zegel, an award-winning television executive with CBS, who received an honorary degree of Doctor of Mass Communication. Overall, more than 6,800 students graduated from the Columbia campus this May, and nearly 8,500 from the University of South Carolina system. The ceremony can be watched via Facebook (conferring of degree at 31:00). Sharing Twitter0 Facebook0 Google +0 Linkedin0 Email this article Print this article Authors Contributor Discussion Policy Comments are welcomed and encouraged. Though you are fully responsible for the content you post, comments that include profanity, personal attacks or other inappropriate material will not be permitted. Asbarez reserves the right to block users who violate any of our posting standards and policies. Cancel reply Your Name * Your Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty The Day's News Delivered to Your Inbox LATESTMOST POPULAR Latest Most Popular Latest Royce Demands Accountability for Brutal Attack on DC Protesters House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce sent a letter to Justice and State departments urging immediate action to hold individuals accountable for brutal attacks on peaceful protesters Most Popular Royce Demands Accountability for Brutal Attack on DC Protesters House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce sent a letter to Justice and State departments urging immediate action to hold individuals accountable for brutal attacks on peaceful protesters Home About Us Advertising Calendar Contact Copyright © by Asbarez Top
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN REQUEST SUPPORT WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed: SSC Atlantic’s STEM Outreach Grows Future Readiness Photo By Joseph Bullinger | 170324-N-GB257-002 CHARLESTON; S.C. (24Mar2017) SPAWAR Systems Center Atlantic (SSC...... read more read more Photo By Joseph Bullinger | 170324-N-GB257-002 CHARLESTON; S.C. (24Mar2017) SPAWAR Systems Center Atlantic (SSC Atlantic) hosted their sixth Tri-County Dimension U competition on Naval Weapons Station Joint Base Charleston. More than 50 students from local school districts participated in the event. Dimension U is funded by the National Defense Education Program (NDEP). This math gaming tool (similar to a video game) enhances students’ skills in pre-algebra and algebra. In order to be successful at the game the students and mentors must solve problems to move to the next phase. This event is part of SSC Atlantic’s educational outreach program aimed at developing science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) talent in k-12 schools. (U.S. Navy photo by Joe Bullinger/Released)  see less | View Image Page CHARLESTON, SC, UNITED STATES 05.17.2017 Story by Susan Piedfort  Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command ✔ ✗ Subscribe 2 Much like the rest of the federal government, Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center (SSC) Atlantic faces the challenge of replacing a highly-technical, but aging, professional workforce whose expertise must be passed down through the organization to ensure success. At the same time, an increasingly complex information technology environment requires even greater technical ability, flexibility and response times. Two SSC Atlantic initiatives, the New Professional (NP) program and science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) outreach, are highly successful on their own merits. Together both programs are creating a combined effort to help to ensure SSC Atlantic is attracting and retaining employees with the scientific expertise needed to meet the demands of complex engineering and technical requirements within a world of rapidly changing technologies. Over the last 14 years, SSC Atlantic’s STEM outreach and internship programs have hired over 1,200 employees and have retained 1,100. The value and importance of these initiatives prove to be a priority to the incoming workforce generation. New Professionals The New Professionals (NP) program was established in 2003 at then-SSC Charleston to focus on hiring the best and brightest new graduates who would eventually be prepared to take the place of seasoned professionals who retire. Since 2003, SSC Atlantic has hired more than 1,200 NPs in program management and in the technical realm. The two tracks are not mutually exclusive. Many of the skills, training and experiences required in one track are also necessary for success in the other career path. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) and Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) training are two good examples. NPs in either track, need to possess skills in multiple areas such as systems engineering processes and acquisition, and have technical knowledge in computer engineering, software engineering, electrical engineering and computer science. “These are truly some of the most talented graduates out there,” said Capt. Scott Heller, SSC Atlantic commanding officer. “Each of them brings outstanding technical skills, flexibility in working with new processes, and solid backgrounds in working in collaborative team environments. Our challenge is to capitalize on their talents and enthusiasm, and utilize it to further our mission and to better serve the warfighter.” More than 1,000 of the NPs hired since 2003 are still at SSC Atlantic, and many who left the command still serve the Navy or Department of Defense (DoD) in other government positions. NPs are assigned to all SSC Atlantic portfolios and competencies. They have traveled the world doing whatever it takes to provide information warfare solutions to warfighters. SSC Atlantic Development Program (SCADP) NPs have a minimum of an undergraduate degree and have graduated within the last three years. They are hired into developmental positions using the following authorities: • Direct Hiring Authority (DHA) (Bachelors and Advanced) • Expedited Hiring Authority (EHA) • Pathways Program • SFS - Section 302 of Public Law 113-274 (Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014) SCADP is a two-year program where the employee is provided training, developmental rotation opportunities, mentorship and must complete their master development plan (MDP). The MDP guides each employee’s development for the first two years and encourages them to pursue graduate degrees following completion. Naval Acquisition Development Program (NADP) NPs are government employees of the Naval Acquisition Career Center (NACC) who come to SSC Atlantic to further enhance the Department of the Navy Acquisition Workforce. They are entry-level employees and have their own NAAC requirements and developmental plans that must be completed in two or three years. They are paid by NACC and may be assigned to career fields such as attorney, contracts, engineering, cost estimating, financial management, information technology, logistics, program management, and test and evaluation. They can be converted to a permanent position upon successful completion of program requirements. Human Resource Career Program (HRCP) NPs are entry level Navy government employees who must complete a one- to two-year development program that focuses on formal training, developmental assignments and rotational opportunities. The employee can be converted to a permanent position upon successful completion. SSC Atlantic typically has one or two HRCP billets per year. Financial Management Career Program (FMCP) NPs are part of the Pathways Recent Graduate Program (PRGP) which allows recent graduates to enter civilian financial management career positions with the Navy and Marine Corps. They are entry level and their program includes 28 months of professional development through academic and on-the-job training. Upon successful completion of the program, FMCPs are considered for permanent financial positions where they have been training. Workforce Recruitment Program (WRP) NPs are recent graduates with disabilities. The goal of this government-wide program cosponsored by DoD and the Department of Labor is to increase the representation of persons with disabilities in the federal and private workforce. The NP program is focused on the employee’s professional development and providing rotational opportunities to find their passion in support of our mission and the warfighter. SSC Atlantic NPs are engaged from the moment they check onboard, with a specialized orientation program and tours of labs and project sites to better understand career options available within Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command (SPAWAR). Coursework in leadership development, teamwork and communications, acquisition methodologies and principles of project management help develop these future leaders. Other opportunities provided throughout the year further develop their technical knowledge and skills in SSC Atlantic’s mission areas. No matter what specific NP program they are in, each employee is required to have an approved MDP and be assigned a mentor who guides and monitors his or her progress in meeting program objectives. These objectives include formal training, rotations to other program areas of the command, and trips to different SSC Atlantic or other SPAWAR locations, Navy ships or major program offices. Mentors help NPs complete an individual development plan (IDP) designed to ensure achievement of core competencies supporting the command’s mission while furthering knowledge in their particular engineering, scientific or business specialty. “The NP program is focused on the individual’s professional development. Everything from Dale Carnegie to DAWIA to CMMI training is available to them, and we encourage them to pursue graduate degrees,” said Pam Bell, director, SSC Atlantic Total Force Management. After 14 years of the NP program’s inception, NPs have not only helped ensure the continuity of SSC Atlantic’s intellectual capital, but they are also helping to attract the next generation of potential employees by reaching out to middle and high schools through SSC Atlantic’s awarding winning STEM outreach program. “I fully endorse the idea that successful leaders teach and empower their best and brightest employees to become the new leaders for the next generation. Those are the kind of leaders we need, and that is the sort of leader the New Professional program is designed to produce,” said SSC Atlantic Executive Director Chris Miller. STEM Outreach Led by SSC Atlantic STEM outreach program director, Shanda Johnson, the center’s outreach efforts began in 2009 with National Defense Education Program (NDEP) support. Each year, the STEM outreach program has grown to include more events and more collaboration with local school districts, colleges, universities and local businesses. Events promoting STEM include FIRST Robotics, SeaPerch, DimensionU, DoD Math Games, Girls’ Day Out, My Brother’s Keeper, Palmetto Cyber Defense Competition, Palmetto Cyber Security Summer Camp, National IT Shadow Day, Lunch Buddies, career fairs, career academies, educators and student shadowing opportunities, trebuchet competitions, school fairs, math and science judging, classroom activities involving speakers and autonomous vehicle demonstrations, and other educational events. In addition to the school districts, SSC Atlantic has engaged with the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), Lowcountry STEM Collaborative, Lowcountry Technical Academy, The Citadel’s STEM Center of Excellence, College of Charleston, Trident Technical College, Society of Women Engineers, the S.C. Historically Black Colleges and Universities Consortium, Department of Energy, Charleston Chamber of Commerce, Naval Health Clinic, the Office of Naval Research (ONR) and businesses such as Boeing, Bosch, Google and NUCOR Steel. The outreach effort has grown to SSC Atlantic’s detachments in Hampton Roads and New Orleans. In 2016 alone, more than 36,500 students and 734 teachers at 125 schools were impacted in 213 events held across SSC Atlantic. More than 450 employees donated more than 21,600 total hours through the STEM and community outreach. “SSC Atlantic’s outreach has reenergized local schools, students, parents, affinity groups and business partners in the national security imperative to get students interested in the STEM skills,” said Johnson. Robotics teams from elementary, middle and high schools sponsored and mentored by SSC Atlantic volunteers have progressed to state and national levels. SSC Atlantic’s cybersecurity outreach has attracted students to the field of cybersecurity. The team created a new cybersecurity module and helped to change the curriculum for the S.C Department of Education’s Career and Technology Education (CATE) Program by including a cybersecurity track. This has increased student interest in cybersecurity and is helping to develop a future cybersecurity workforce in South Carolina. This has also greatly enlarged the recruiting pools for STEM-related opportunities at SSC Atlantic. In addition to the Pathways employment program, the STEM outreach team implemented two additional hiring programs funded by the ONR’s Science and Engineering Apprenticeship Program (SEAP) for high school students and the Naval Research Enterprise Internship Program (NREIP) for college students. Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed The value of establishing a successful STEM pipeline and employing a STEM literate workforce cannot be understated for SSC Atlantic and for the nation. NPs and other dedicated STEM volunteers are engaging and attracting the future naval scientists and engineers who will fill the pipeline for tomorrow’s high-tech jobs. Working with underserved and underrepresented groups, they are also helping to generate a broader, more diversified base of future scientists and engineers. Johnson’s theme for the program is “Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed” to convey the idea that SSC Atlantic volunteers begin with young minds at the elementary school level to plant the seeds of STEM career possibilities, nurturing students on the journey that leads them to high school and college internships, and harvesting, through the NP program or other hiring authorities, to becoming SPAWAR employees. Then the new employee returns and serves as a mentor and inspiration to the next generation (reseed). SSC Atlantic has already begun to reap the return on its investment in the STEM outreach and NP programs. NPs who participated in internship programs in high school and college are currently employed at SSC Atlantic and making valuable contributions to warfighters. “Our New Professionals grew up in the IT environment and live that social environment,” noted Miller. “Many kids don’t know what engineers and scientists do. NPs can relate to young people on a different level. They show them that people from their same communities, schools and socio-economic backgrounds can be scientists and engineers. They are great role models and can really excite enthusiasm about STEM careers.” David Parker and Sarah Monk, SSC Atlantic engineers and NPs, both graduated from Hanahan High School and were involved in the command’s STEM outreach program as students and now give back by working with the next wave of future engineers as STEM outreach volunteers. They created an interactive game that educates students about cybersecurity. “Cyber Feud” was presented at the U.S. Naval Academy’s STEM Best Practice Workshop and is now being used by the U.S. Naval Academy in their STEM outreach programs and by other naval labs and warfare centers. “I really enjoy the chance to give back and demonstrate the things we do every day,” said Parker. “STEM is a fantastic opportunity to inspire the next generation.” Monk also focuses on reaching out to future engineers. “I have a deep rooted passion for the next generation. Specifically, I want girls to know that they can be engineers. STEM is fun and engaging and challenging. Many of the students I have spoken with think that engineering is math and math is hard, therefore engineering is too hard. With my outreach I have an opportunity to show these students that math is only a small portion for what we engineers do and that, yes, girls are doing it,” said Monk. “Developing our workforce to answer future needs requires investment,” said Heller. “[That means] investing in our people – in hiring the right folks, in training them, and in determining and developing future competencies in technology, education and business. That is what we are doing here and the New Professionals program and STEM outreach are a big part of our current and future success,” he added. To view a video highlighting SSC Atlantic outreach activities go to https://www.youtube.com/user/TEAMSPAWAR and select “SSC Atlantic STEM Compilation.” SSC Atlantic develops, acquires, and provides life cycle support for command, control, communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems, information technology (IT), and space capabilities. A leading edge Navy engineering center, SSC Atlantic designs, builds, tests, fields and supports many of the finest frontline C4ISR systems in use today, and those being planned for the future. For more information, visit http://www.public.navy.mil/spawar/Atlantic/ LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 05.17.2017 Date Posted: 05.17.2017 16:23 Story ID: 234187 Location: CHARLESTON, SC, US  Web Views: 14 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed: SSC Atlantic’s STEM Outreach Grows Future Readiness, by Susan Piedfort, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS Cybersecurity STEM SPAWAR Outreach SSC Atlantic Internships New Professionals Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612 Customer Service 7am to 4pm 1-888-743-4662 Newswire Features Units Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service Links Links Disclaimer No FEAR Act Small Business Act Open Government Strategic Plan FOIA USA Gov Inspector General Web Policy EEO Sexual Assault Prevention
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 23° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley Springfield Central News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story NDIS Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All News The $200 billion budget defence honey pot Bill Hoffman | 18th May 2017 5:00 AM Updated: 5:29 AM Bill Hoffman Whether taking on developers hell-bent on destroying the Coast’s natural appeal or a Prime Minister indifferent to the plight of the poor, Bill Hoffman has never been one to mince his words. Bill’s been a journalist for 32 years, 29 of those on the Coast. Love him or hate him, he'll get you blogging. Full Profile Login to follow 0 2 Comments Use this content Defence Industries Minister Christopher Pyne speaks at the Coast's first Defence Industries forum at the Innovation Centre. Warren Lynam Popular Stories Injured teen speaks for first time since horrific accident Don’t Tell: Why every parent should see this movie Video shop's huge fire sale: 20,000 DVDs must go! Local Real Estate Subscribe Now IT'S got a budget of $200 billion from which Sunshine Coast companies have already benefited to the tune of more than $1.4million and has caught the attention of another 155 more small and medium size enterprises in the region. That's how many turned out to the University of the Sunshine Coast Innovation Centre yesterday to hear Defence Industries Minister Christopher Pyne extol the economic virtues of the Turnbull government's commitment to the largest defence capability build-up in Australia's peacetime history. The two Sunshine Coast companies to benefit to date are HeliMod, based at Caloundra Airport, and Praesidium. Mr Pyne told the inaugural Sunshine Coast Defence Industries Forum, organised by Fisher MP Andrew Wallace, that while the contracts secured were not huge compared with the total defence budget they offered a great start for the businesses to break into the sector. He said Australia had been a terrific customer but unfortunately was the sixth-largest importer of defence equipment locally while being ranked 13th in terms of its defence budget. Mr Pyne said Australia was a significant player who had, for too long, been comfortable as a risk-adverse purchaser of foreign-made military supplies and equipment. The Turnbull government had determined its policy would be to maximise the spend in Australia while maintaining its number one priority to purchase the best capability. Mr Pyne pointed to the Joint Strike Fighter Program which had already benefited 33 Australian businesses by $800million with $5billion to be spent here by 2025. "The scale of defence industries is enormous," he said. "It's gigantic. Nothing happens that doesn't cost millions and billions of dollars. The benefits and value to the economy are enormous. It provides real ballast to small and medium enterprises." The forum attracted several prime defence contractors including Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Airbus, Austal Shipping, TAE and Pacific Turbine. It's an opportunity Mr Wallace is keen for the Sunshine Coast to tap into. He said the forum provided an opportunity for small businesses who "had never thought of making a quid out of defence" that it was possible. "This is the future," Mr Wallace said. "Coast businesses will never make ships, tanks or strike fighters, but they can provide the components. I want to see a fair proportion (of defence funding) spent here. "My job is as an enabler. If I can help small business tap into a pool of money we can begin to move away from the housing and tourism we've relied on." andrew wallace Read More Login to follow christopher pyne Read More Login to follow defence industries Read More Login to follow employment Read More Login to follow helimods Read More Login to follow innovation centre Read More Login to follow praesidium global Read More Login to follow usc Read More Login to follow Topics:  andrew wallace christopher pyne defence industries employment helimods innovation centre praesidium global usc 0 2 Comments Just In Open for inspection homes May 18-24 Jobs galore at Orion REVEALED: Where it's too expensive to rent in Ipswich Jilted lover begs forgiveness in front of 100,000 drivers A month's worth of rain may drench Ipswich this weekend Video shop's huge fire sale: 20,000 DVDs must go! More Local Jobs Invest Care into your Career Date Listed 17 May, 2017 Do you have a passion for caring for others and want to make a difference in their lives? CHC33015 - Certificate III in Individual Support (Ageing) Onsite... $50.00 Full Details TRUCK & DOG DRIVERS Date Listed 17 May, 2017 TRUCK & DOG DRIVERS Do you want to be home every night? Our North Tivoli site requires an Experienced HC licenced Truck and Dog Tipper Drivers for... Full Details TAX ACCOUNTANT Remuneration will be... Date Listed 17 May, 2017 TAX ACCOUNTANT Remuneration will be dependent upon experience and qualifications. 6597370aa CPA firm in Gatton requires an accountant for the July to Oct tax... Full Details An interdenominational, Protestant... Date Listed 06 May, 2017 An interdenominational, Protestant Co-educational P-12 College located at Goodna, with an enrolment of 1030 students, invites applications for the following... Full Details EXCAVATOR & COMBO OPERATORS WANTED. Date Listed 06 May, 2017 EXCAVATOR & COMBO OPERATORS WANTED. CALL 0421 738 128 6590733aa IMMEDIATE START. ONLY APPLY IF EXTREMELY EXPERIENCED. Full Details Kumon Franchisee Date Listed 21 Apr, 2017 If having the flexibility of owning a business, working with children and being part of your community appeals to you, then a Kumon Franchise may be ideal for... Full Details Top Stories Jobs galore at Orion "If we can get someone from around the area that would be perfect." Business 18th May 2017 2:54 PM Comment REVEALED: Where it's too expensive to rent in Ipswich Jilted lover begs forgiveness in front of 100,000 drivers Love affair public on roadside signs, councillor offers mediation A month's worth of rain may drench Ipswich this weekend A MAJOR weather event will cause rain to hit the region tomorrow Video shop's huge fire sale: 20,000 DVDs must go! Booval store bowing out of industry with sale Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Jilted lover begs forgiveness in front of 100,000 drivers Love affair public on roadside signs, councillor offers mediation Ipswich Show will go on rain, hail or shine Show Society vice-president says it's 'all systems go' for 2017 show Firefighters battle Summerholm house fire New koala ambulance a Godsend for saving wildlife In the heart of Lockyer, Tom and Marie's love grew 10 jobs you can apply for right now Ipswich Festival celebrates another stunner Your guide to a great night out in Ipswich The latest from the city's music scene What public holidays are left in 2017 IPSWICH residents will get tomorrow off for the show Everything you need to know about the 2017 Ipswich Show Your complete guide to the biggest event in Ipswich Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Big Bang Theory spin-off: Meet Young Sheldon in trailer A FIVE-minute trailer for the Big Bang Theory spin-off, Young Sheldon, has been released and we’ve gotta say it actually looks pretty good. Your guide to a great night out in Ipswich The latest from the city's music scene Shane Warne reveals the problem with his ‘big balls’ Shane Warne reveals the problem with his ‘big balls’ Star's emotional side Musician Graham Moes talks about his influences, aspirations Big Little Lies star now Young Sheldon HE STOLE our hearts in Big Little Lies, now he's set to do it again. The genius of Einstein: Rush’s theory of relativity Oscar winner nearly had to turn down the role of a lifetime. What's on the big screen this week AUSSIE films up against King Arthur and the John Wick sequel. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 10 Thallon Road, Hatton Vale 4341 House 5 2 $349,000 Truly unique, this one of a kind home offers an opportunity for those looking for a large family home, and although there is work to do, with a bit of elbow grease... 60 Sovereign Drive, Deebing Heights 4306 House 4 2 2 $379,000 Ideally located in one of the most sought after neighbourhoods in Ipswich is this near new modern terrace home. Perfectly suited for a busy young couple looking... 1 & 2/170 Handley Street, Darling Heights 4350 Unit 4 2 1 Auction 19/5/17 This is your chance to secure a modern and fresh townhouse in a quiet and convenient location. Both townhouses feature: -Downstairs- *Spacious, air... 2-6 Monigold Place, Dinmore 4303 Commercial Conveniently located on a 6,431 m2 block with quick access straight onto ... 1,150,000 Conveniently located on a 6,431 m2 block with quick access straight onto the Ipswich Motorway, Warrego Highway or Cunningham Highway. andbull; 1100 m2 warehouse... 31 Comona Court, Wulkuraka 4305 House 4 2 3 $319,000 Neat, Sweet and Complete - This home has it all - just perfect for the First Home Buyer or for the astute investor. From the landscaped gardens to the grassed... 81 Brisbane Road, Newtown 4305 House 3 1 4 279,000 Don't miss this opportunity to purchase this property on a prominent road in Newtown...Could this be your road to riches? - “Character Mixed Use” zoning, possible... 65 Cemetery Road, Raceview 4305 House 3 1 4 $379,000 This property is awesome value for your hard earned dollar - with sheds, inground pool and two levels of living spread over a large 1012m2 block. - Yes we've got... 99 Twin Lakes Road, Coominya 4311 House 2 1 4 $239,000 FINALISATION OF DECEASED ESTATE Don't Miss Out An exciting opportunity exists to indulge yourself in an affordable and relaxing “tree change” on a super... 14 Gleeson Crescent, Harlaxton 4350 House 3 1 Offers Over... This beautiful home set in a quite street with elegant features will not disappoint, tastefully renovated to a very high standard this property will be sure to... 196 Eder Brothers Road, Mount Walker 4340 House 4 2 6 AUCTION DON'T MISS YOUR CHANCE! This gorgeous lifestyle property is going under the hammer and must be sold but the owners will consider reasonable offers... Open for inspection homes May 18-24 Check out this weekend's homes open for inspection. REVEALED: Where it's too expensive to rent in Ipswich SEE if your suburb makes the list Skip the small luxuries for a home "A penny saved is a penny earned!" Ipswich apprentices' renovation mission starts to take shape North Ipswich project reaches halfway mark Toowoomba's housing sales start to decline Housing market transactions decline but prices about same Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Military Aviation MRO Market to be Dominate by North America with 74% Share from 2017-2022 “Global Military Aviation MRO Market is projected to register a CAGR of 2.38% over 2017-2027.” The Global Military Aviation MRO Market 2017-2027 report offers a detailed analysis of the industry, with market size forecasts covering the next ten years. This report will also analyze factors that influence demand for military aviation MRO services and products, key market trends, and challenges faced by industry participants. The multi-role aircraft MRO segment is projected to dominate the global military aviation MRO market over the forecast period, however it is estimated to experience a drop in the market share owing to the increasing investments in the other segments. Continued deployment of US multi-role aircrafts in Afghanistan and Iraq has influenced the healthy growth of the segment since the past few years. Access Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-military-aviation-mro-market-2017-2027 The market is expected to be dominated by multi-role aircraft MRO, which will account for 56% of the market, followed by transport aircraft MRO multi-mission helicopter MRO and with shares of 22% and 12% respectively. UAV MRO and transport helicopter MRO segments are projected to account for shares of 5% each during 2017-2027. North America is projected to dominate the sector with a share of 74%, followed by Asia Pacific, with an estimated share of 11%. Companies profiled in this report are Boeing, BAE Systems, Elbit Systems Ltd., Saab, Lockheed Martin, Airbus, General Atomics, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman, DynCorp International, and Pratt & Whitney. Purchase this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/521398 Reasons to buy – Determine prospective investment areas based on a detailed trend analysis of the global military aviation MRO market over the next ten years – Gain in-depth understanding about the underlying factors driving demand for different military aviation MRO segments in the top spending countries across the world and identify the opportunities offered by each of them – Strengthen your understanding of the market in terms of demand drivers, industry trends, and the latest technological developments, among others – Identify the major channels that are driving the global military aviation MRO market, providing a clear picture about future opportunities that can be tapped, resulting in revenue expansion – Channelize resources by focusing on the ongoing programs that are being undertaken by the defense ministries of different countries within the global military aviation MRO market – Make correct business decisions based on thorough analysis of the total competitive landscape of the sector with detailed profiles of the top military aviation MRO providers around the world which include information about their products, alliances, recent contract wins and financial analysis wherever available Inquire more about this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/521398 Media Contact Company Name: The Market Reports Contact Person: Shirish Gupta Email: sales@themarketreports.com Phone: +16314071315 Address:SF-29, Sacred World, Wanawadi City: Pune State: Maharastra Country: India Website: www.themarketreports.com/report/global-military-aviation-mro-market-2017-2027 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, News & Current Affairs, Public Affairs, UK, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fiber Optic Cable Market Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Nuclear Fuels 2017 Global Market Key Players – ARMZ Uranium Holding Company, Cameco, Energy Resources of Australia, Japan, Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation, KazAtomProm – Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts U.S. Auto Parts Initiates New Stock Repurchase Program Anadarko to Present at Upcoming Energy Conference New allure(TM) Decorative Sheeting from Freedom® Outdoor Living Features On-Trend Designs for Indoor/Outdoor Use Exchange Traded Concepts to Close and Liquidate the REX Gold Hedged FTSE Emerging Markets ETF Global Osteosynthesis Internal Fixation Devices Industry 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 15 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest American Airlines tweaks upgrade process for elite fliers American Airlines’ elite frequent-flier member will have some new calculus to crunch in figuring out how they’ll be upgraded.  Post to Facebook American Airlines tweaks upgrade process for elite fliers American Airlines’ elite frequent-flier member will have some new calculus to crunch in figuring out how they’ll be upgraded.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rrqdK9 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs American Airlines tweaks upgrade process for elite fliers Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 1:03 p.m. ET May 17, 2017 | Updated 13 hours ago 134 Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The fleet and hubs of American Airlines  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The tail of an American Airlines Boeing 777 peeks out of a hangar at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two American Airlines Boeing 757 tails pass one another at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A330 lands at London Heathrow in March 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews push an American Airlines Boeing 757 out of a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on June 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Business class aboard American Airlines' Boeing 777-300. The 777-300 joined the fleet in 2012.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-200 taxis to the gate at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport in May 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 jet lands at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The old livery of American Airlines, seen on a retired MD-80 jet in Roswell, N.M., in August 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer ERJ-145 regional jet takes off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Aug. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-900 regional jet taxis toward the runway at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier Dash-8 turboprop waits for departure from Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Embraer E170 jet passes in front of the iconic Hollywood sign while on final approach to Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 taxis to the gate after landing at Los Angeles International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-300 arrives at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 757-200 lands at New York's JFK Airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe in February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 departs London Heathrow on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A series of American Eagle tails dot the G concourse at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787 'Dreamliner' lands at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on April 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Surrounded by Delta Air Lines jets, an American Airlines Airbus A320 taxies out for departure on April 30, 2016 in Atlanta.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxis to the gate after arriving to Frankfurt, Germany, on June 26, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner lands in Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner lands in Los Angeles International Airport in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' new premium economy cabin, seen on board its new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at Dallas/Fort Worth Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' economy cabin, seen on board its new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at Dallas/Fort Worth airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, seen at Dallas/Fort Worth airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 taxis into a gate at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 767-300 taxies for take-off from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets sit ready for departure from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / Special Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 lands at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Oct. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A welcome sign for Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. DFW was American's busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  PR NEWSWIRE Fullscreen The skyline of Charlotte. The Charlotte airport was American's second-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Chuck Burton, AP Fullscreen A child walks through the airport in Miami. Miami International was American's third-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  J Pat Carter, AP Fullscreen The skyline of Chicago. Chicago's O'Hare airport was American's fourth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Kiichiro Sato, AP Fullscreen The skyline of Philadelphia. Philadelphia International Airport was American's fifth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Bruce Bennett, Getty Images Fullscreen The skyline of Phoenix. The city's Sky Harbor International Airport was American's xixth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  phlens/iStockphoto, Getty Images Fullscreen A welcome sign for Los Angeles International Airport. LAX was American's seventh busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015.  Reed Saxon, AP Fullscreen The skyline of New York. American counts its operations operations at JFK and LaGuardia airports as a combined hub, though the airports are separated by a considerable cab ride during normal traffic conditions.LaGuardia was American's eighth-busiest hub (by passengers) in 2015. JFK was ninth.  Mark Lennihan, AP Fullscreen An American Airlines flight flies over the National Mall in Washington, D.C. The Washington Reagan National Airport was American's 10th busiest hub in 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 43 2 of 43 3 of 43 4 of 43 5 of 43 6 of 43 7 of 43 8 of 43 9 of 43 10 of 43 11 of 43 12 of 43 13 of 43 14 of 43 15 of 43 16 of 43 17 of 43 18 of 43 19 of 43 20 of 43 21 of 43 22 of 43 23 of 43 24 of 43 25 of 43 26 of 43 27 of 43 28 of 43 29 of 43 30 of 43 31 of 43 32 of 43 33 of 43 34 of 43 35 of 43 36 of 43 37 of 43 38 of 43 39 of 43 40 of 43 41 of 43 42 of 43 43 of 43 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American Airlines’ elite frequent-flier member will have some new calculus to crunch in figuring out how they’ll be upgraded. The carrier said that starting Saturday, it is tweaking the formula used for determining the priority for space-available upgrades given to elite members of the AAdvantage program. Among the biggest changes: American will give more priority than before to frequent-fliers who've spent a lot of money with the carrier during the previous year. That continues a shift by the USA’s “big three” carriers to increasingly reward fliers for money spent. TODAY IN THE SKY: American joins rest of 'big 3' in doling out miles by fare, not distance |  American adds spending threshold for elite-status qualifying The most notable change in that shift has seen American, Delta and United all move to "revenue-based" frequent-flier schemes. That means the carriers now dole out miles on a per-dollar-spent basis rather than by mileage flown, which had long been the hallmark of most airline loyalty programs. Alaska Airlines is now the last of the big U.S. carriers on which fliers earn award “mileage” that’s actually based on the distance of its flights. As for American’s change to upgrade priority, that will begin this Saturday (May 20), though the company advises “the process could take a few days to complete in our systems.” Once it’s rolled out, elite fliers will be upgraded to space-available first-class seats base on the following criteria: IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery (2017)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An American Airlines Airbus A321 departs San Francisco International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 jets takes off over the San Francisco skyline from San Francisco International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 9 rests outside a company hangar during a press photo opportunity in Renton, Wash., on March 7, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 9 rests outside a company hangar during a press photo opportunity in Renton, Wash., on March 7, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Airbus A380 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Boeing 737 MAX 9 rests outside a company hangar during a press photo opportunity in Renton, Wash., on March 7, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin America and Alaska Airlines tails mingle togther at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 24, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Everts Air Cargo DC-9 lands at a rainy Boeing Field in Seattle in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen San Francisco International Airport as seen from an arriving flight, on March 11, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Airbus A330 takes off from San Francisco International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Airbus A321 in the carrier's new livery awaits a gate at San Francisco International Airport on March 11, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 takes off from a busy San Francisco International Airport in March, 2017. United will retire the venerable jet from its fleet by the end of 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-300 passes in front of a rising moon at San Francisco International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Cruising low above Washington state's San Juan Islands, a Kenmore Air pilot guides the DHC Turbine Otter on final approach to a watery landing.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Downtown Seattle, as seen from a Kenmore Air DHC Turbine Otter in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen North Seattle fills the windshield of a Kenmore Air DHC Turbine Otter as the pilot guides the airplane to safe landing on Lake Union in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 737 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Nippon Cargo Boeing 747-8F freighter takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A jetBlue Airbus A321 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Philippines Air Airbus A340-300 engine deploys its reverser after landing at Los Angeles International Airport in March of 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Airbus A340-600 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines A321 taxies to the gate at Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Qatar Airways Boeing 777 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport in March 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Virgin Atlantic founder and U.K. entreprenuer Sir Richard Branson takes questions from the press during the launch of the airline's new London-Seattle route, in Seattle, on March 27, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Members of the media explore the cabin of Cathay Pacific's new Airbus A350-900 during its first visit to Vancouver, Canada, on March 28, 2017. The event marked the first regularly scheduled A350 service for Canada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Members of the media explore the cabin of Cathay Pacific's new Airbus A350-900 during its first visit to Vancouver, Canada, on March 28, 2017. The event marked the first regularly scheduled A350 service for Canada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cathay Pacific Airbus A350-900 takes off from Vancouver International Airport in British Columbia for Hong Kong on March 28, 2017 - the first scheduled A350 service to Canada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen A Pacific Coastal Beech taxies to the gate on a very wet morning at Vancouver International Airport in Vancouver, B.C. in March, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / special Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Status level American's upgrades will continue to prioritize its highest-level frequent fliers. As before, priority for space-available upgrades will first go to Concierge Key members and then to Executive Platinum members before working its way down to the lowest level of status offered by American (Gold status). Type of upgrade AAdvantage members using systemwide and mileage-award upgrades will be prioritized first, followed by those hoping to use the airline’s 500-mile upgrade certificates for upgrades on purchased tickets. (A flight of 1,192 miles, for example, would require three of the 500-mile upgrades to be redeemed.; the certificates are earned by elite fliers based on mileage flown.) Last on the priority list in this category will be travelers using 500-mile upgrades on frequent-flier award tickets. 12-month rolling "EQDs" Perhaps the biggest change in the upgrade priority list is this revenue-based component. American, like Delta and United, now requires fliers to hit spending thresholds (in addition to miles flown) to earn elite status. American measures this spending threshold by counting the money fliers spend on fares – or “elite qualifying dollars (EQDs).”  Now, the No. 2 item on the upgrade priority chain will be EQDs. There will be a period where this criteria is phased in, but – eventually – it will favor elite customers who racked up the most EQDs during the 12 months prior to the flight. Booking code Booking code, a common factor in determining upgrade priority, will be among the criteria in American’s new upgrade hierarchy. The booking code is a letter assigned to a fare type, with certain letters referring to first or coach and then further breaking down additional distinctions within those categories (discounted economy, full-fare economy, etc.). American lists the full code priority list on its website, though it predictably gives higher priority to booking codes used for more-expensive fare types. Date and time of request This criteria simply gives deference to fliers who request their upgrade first. Previously, this criteria had been more heavily weighted in American’s upgrade determination process. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos  FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A US Airways heritage jet, bearing America West markings, lands at Mineta San Jose International Airport on March 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A giant Antonov 124 cargo jet rests on a taxiway at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 747 Dreamlifter cargo jets trade places at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Falcon 7X business jet taxies for takeoff at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large GE CF-6 engine powers an EVA Air Airbus A330-200 out of Fukuoka, Japan, on Jan. 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Honeywell's Boeing 757 testbed rests under the Phoenix sun on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A setting sun illuminates a row of seats onboard a Southwest flight in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin America Airbus A320 taxies for departure at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted, soon-to-be Oman Air Boeing 737 lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the company's new livery, a KLM Boeing 777-300 lands after a test flight at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Baker looms in the background as an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787-8 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EA-18 Growler fighter jet rises above a field of flowers after practicing a carrier approach at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 767s like this brand-new FedEx 767-300 freighter are still going strong, over 30 years since first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 777-300 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Still several miles out from landing at SeaTac, an ANA Boeing 787-8 soars high over north Seattle on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A P-3 turboprop submarine hunter from Naval Air Station Whidbey Island takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-900 returns a group of journalists to Seattle after a demo flight of its new cabin service, Alaska Beyond, on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 757-200 ecoDemonstrator jet takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Gulfstream 650 business jet taxies to a hangar at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane rises over downtown Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rushing down the runway, an EA-18 Growler practices carrier approaches at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force KC-135 refueling jet takes off over Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's Concorde jet is towed onto an active taxiway for temporary storage during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen San Jose's new passenger terminal shines in the noon-day sun on March 31, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A business jet clad in several hues of blue taxies for departure at Mineta San Jose International Airport in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silicon Valley is lit up in late-evening light, as seen from a Skywest Bombardier CRJ-900 en route to Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos (even more) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn October's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The difference in size between the Airbus A319 and A380 is readily apparent as the two jets taxi to gates after landing at Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KLM cityhopper Fokker 70 lands in the early morning at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport on Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 lands at Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Surinam Airways Airbus A340-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The "Beluga," an Airbus transport plane used in the manufacture of its jets, is seen taxing beyond the wing of a just-delivered Singapore Airlines Airbus A350 at the Airbus assembly line facility in Toulouse, Fance, on Oct. 14, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A KLM asia Boeing 747-400 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The spacious business-class cabin of a brand-new Singapore Airlines' Airbus A350 is seen just after delivery from Airbus in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Saudia Cargo Boeing 747 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cityjet Avro RJ 85 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines aircraft taxi to and from their gates at Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-200 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 767-300 takes off from Amsterdam Schiphol in Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Iran Air Airbus A330 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol on Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A321 jet takes off as an American Boeing 777 rolls out after landing at Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An SAS Airbus A320 takes off from Amsterdam Schiphol on Sept. 1, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen In Air Nostrum Canadair CRJ-900 regional jet -- flying under the Iberia Express brand -- sits in Toulouse, France, ahead of a flight to Madrid on Oct. 15, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Runway 16C at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport is ready for its next departure on Sept. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bathed in soft, purpley-orange hues, Mt. Rainier peaks above the clouds as a Delta Air Lines flight passes over on Sept. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Headed for a proverbial paradise, a Hawaiian Airlines Airbus A330 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines aircraft taxi at Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates SkyCargo Boeing 777-200F takes off from Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 787-8 jet seems to float on short final approach to Los Angeles International Airport as a Singapore Cargo 747 looms in the background on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 777 readies to push back for Beijing from Los Angeles International Airport in September of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 takes off into the sunset from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport On Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines jet in US Airways paint taxies to the gate at Seattle Tacoma International Airport on Aug. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Small planes and tents as far as the eye can see at the EAA Oshkosh 2016 in July 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Qantas Airbus A380 overflies Frankfurt, Germany on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The uniquely circular windows of the Fokker F70 offer a nice view from a KLM flight on Aug. 27, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KLM cityhopper Embraer 190 jet rolls out after landing while a company 737 glides toward another nearby runway at Amsterdam Schiphol on Aug. 31, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A LAN Boeing 767 taxis to the gate at Los Angeles International Airport after arriving from Peru in September 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 767 for Italian carrier Meridiana taxis past Lufthansa aircraft at New York's JFK airport on Oct. 17, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Purple, orange, and blue fill the sky as Mt. Rainier soaks in the last rays of flight on Sept. 23, 2016, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The lights of Los Angeles wizz by out the window as a Delta Air Lines flight turns onto final approach on Sept. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide TODAY IN THE SKY: Tears, tales and champagne flow on US Airways' last-ever flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Scenes from the last-ever flight on US Airways  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. US Airways flight attendant Malva McSween was among the crew working US Airways last-ever flight on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yerse was on hand for the final flight, wearning her 1970 Allegheny Air uniform.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yersa gets a hug from former USAir Ed Colodny.  American Airlines Fullscreen Capt. Doug Rice and First Officer William Koone in the cockpit as US Airways Flight 1939 prepared to depart San Francisco for Philadelphia on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate agents make the final boarding announcement for US Airways Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Former USAir CEO Ed Colodny signs a model airplane for someone in the crowd at San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers on the last leg of Flight 1939 received this coin commemorating the last-ever flight on US Airways.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Aviation enthusiasts were plentiful at San Francisco International Airport ahead of US Airways' final departure on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Retired US Airways employee Helena Valentine cries as she talks to former USAir CEO Ed Colodny in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Helena Valentine holds up USAir's first-ever employee newsletter after she got it signed by former CEO Ed Colodny ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' name shares space with American for one of the last times ever at San Francisco's airport ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen American/US Airways ticket counter agents offered to print old-style thick-stock tickets for fliers who wished to have a souvenir of US Flight 1939.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Onlookers crowd around to hear from USAir CEO Ed Colodny (left) address a crowd at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen "God, what a ride!" former USAir CEO Ed Colodny said to a crowd in San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The crowd assembled for US Airways' final flight listens to gateside speeches in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The flight crew for the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 poses for a photo prior to departing San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers flying the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 got one of these amenity kits, which are usually reserved for fliers in the premium cabins.  American Airlines Fullscreen Charles Alford, a US Airways customer service worker from Raleigh/Durham, proudly shows off his boarding pass to be on the last-ever US Airways flight on Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Glenda Yerse (center) is flanked by Miki Godlaski (left) and Chris Goldaski (right) ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' last-ever flight -- Flight 1939 to Philadelphia -- is on the departure board at San Francisco airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers board the last leg of US Airways Flight 1939 the evening of Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The departure information for Flight 1939 at the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen THe pilots on the Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sit at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Passengers arriving to Philadelphia on Flight 1939 were welcomed by a large crowd of well-wishers on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Flight 1939 flight attendant Roger Hamlin hubs a crewmembers after arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on the morning of Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen A crowd of well-wishers -- and some goodies -- awaited fliers arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide An American Airlines Airbus A321 departs San Francisco International Airport in March 2017.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY) Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rrqdK9 Most Popular Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Local News Alaska Airlines will start passenger flights from Everett’s Paine Field Originally published May 17, 2017 at 10:00 am Updated May 17, 2017 at 8:02 pm Corrected Alaska Airlines announced Wednesday that it will begin daily passenger flights out of Paine Field in Everett starting by fall of 2018. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Starting next year, people living north of Seattle will have Everett’s Paine Field as an alternative to Seattle-Tacoma International, as Alaska Airlines begins daily passenger flights likely serving popular destinations in Oregon and California. “As our region continues to grow at a record pace and Sea-Tac Airport nears capacity, the time is right,” said Alaska Airlines Chief Executive Brad Tilden. “Today’s news means less time stuck in traffic on Interstate 5 and more time enjoying your vacation or making the most of your business trip.” Alaska announced Wednesday it plans to begin the flights in fall 2018, but it won’t disclose specific routes and flight schedules — or begin selling tickets — until early next year. Citing noise and traffic concerns, some nearby residents as well as the mayor of the city of Mukilteo, which adjoins the Paine Field runway, have long opposed commercial flights at the airfield. Most Read Stories Toxic West Seattle home that sparked insane bidding war replaced with $1.2M box house  VIEW Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery 'Lola' Pulido lived life of devotion to family Dad tries to fathom why son allegedly decapitated his mother Alaska Airlines will start passenger flights from Everett’s Paine FieldUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. In contrast, Snohomish County and Everett officials have strongly backed the development as a boost to the area’s economy. Snohomish County Executive Dave Somers called Alaska’s move “great news.” “Businesses will have easier access to major markets, and leisure travelers can skip the commute down south, saving time and fuel,” Somers said. Alaska said it plans to operate nine daily departures from the airport, subject to expected FAA approval. Groundbreaking on a new passenger terminal is scheduled for next month. Brett Smith, chief executive of New York-based private equity firm Propeller Airports, the developer of the passenger terminal, said Wednesday that Alaska is only the first airline to commit to starting service out of Paine Field. He expects more to come. “We have interest from a number of carriers,” Smith said in an interview. “I’m confident there will be more than Alaska by next year.” The new terminal will be relatively small, with just two airport gates. With typical turn times that means the peak capacity of the airport will be roughly 16 flights per day. Alaska didn’t disclose which cities it plans to fly to, but in a blog post on the airline’s website, John Kirby, vice president of capacity planning, said the service out of Paine Field will include “daily, nonstop flights to some of our most popular destinations.” Flights to Portland, San Francisco and Los Angeles would likely attract good traffic out of Everett. In a news release, Alaska said north Puget Sound area travelers “could shave up to 80 minutes off their airport commute, during peak traffic congestion,” by using Paine Field rather than driving down I-5 to reach Sea-Tac airport. Propeller CEO Smith said he expects to see “a lot of West Coast flying” out of Paine Field — “Anything west of the Rockies is fair game.” Mukilteo opposition Paine Field was originally constructed in 1936 during the Depression, eight years before Sea-Tac was built during World War II. It’s currently used by Boeing for test and delivery of its widebody jets and by private owners of small general-aviation airplanes. It’s also home to a major aviation-maintenance facility for commercial airliners and several flight schools. The site is a major regional tourist attraction as well. Visitors flock to the Future of Flight aviation exhibition and the associated Boeing factory tour as well as to Paul Allen’s Flying Heritage Collection of wartime airplanes and the Historic Flight Foundation’s collection of antique planes. Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson said that having the region’s largest airline be the first to announce scheduled passenger service from Everett “confirms the value commercial flights will bring to the local economy.” However, there is still opposition. After the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in 2012 cleared the way for commercial passenger flights out of Paine Field, some local residents concerned about traffic, noise and property values joined with the city of Mukilteo and unsuccessfully sued the agency. Mukilteo Mayor Jennifer Gregerson said Wednesday she’s “disappointed” by Alaska’s decision, which she described as premature because one potential legal obstacle remains — though a slender one. In addition to losing the federal case against the FAA, the city of Mukilteo sued Snohomish County in state court, where both a King County Superior Court judge and the state Appeals Court ruled in favor of the county. Gregerson said her city has appealed that last decision to the state Supreme Court, which will decide this summer whether to hear Mukilteo’s appeal. Still, she seemed resigned Wednesday to dealing with commercial air service coming to Paine Field. Gregerson said the city has been in protracted discussions with Propeller on how to mitigate the effects of the project if it goes forward, and has found the developer responsive. She said Propeller has agreed to limit the number of flights to a maximum of 22 per day and to restrict commercial air operations to the hours from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. In addition, Propeller has given the city $94,000 for transportation mitigation. Also, Snohomish County will invest $1 million in the Harbour Reach Corridor Project, a new $16 million arterial road parallel to the Mukilteo Speedway, she said. Propeller’s Smith said all the local regulatory requirements for the terminal have now been dealt with, including final mitigation of a stormwater issue raised by one local resident. The only remaining government approval needed is for the FAA to clear the airline to fly out of a new airport. Alaska Senior Vice President Joe Sprague said the airline does not anticipate any difficulty with that. He said Alaska is aware of the opposition by some residents to developing Paine Field. “Airport and airplane noise has been an issue for decades. It is a relevant issue,” Sprague said. “We are trying to work with neighborhood groups to understand their concerns and to mitigate them.” New passenger terminal Alaska plans to start passenger service flying Embraer 175 regional jets, which seat 76 passengers and will be operated by subsidiary Horizon Air, as well as larger Boeing 737 aircraft seating up to 189 passengers and operated by the mainline carrier Alaska Airlines. The plan by Propeller Airports to develop a passenger terminal at Paine Field was approved in 2015 by Snohomish County, which owns the airport. Propeller has paid for the design and all the environmental studies and mitigation necessary and is also paying for the terminal’s construction and operation — an investment Smith said is worth “north of $30 million.” Propeller will lease the terminal for an initial 30 years, paying the county about $430,000 per year plus a share of the revenues: 2.5 percent for the first five years and 5 percent thereafter. Smith said that at peak capacity of around 16 flights per day he anticipates roughly 1,000 passengers per day in and out of the airport, or about 300,000 per year. That compares to some 45.7 million last year at Sea-Tac. Alaska said “1 million residents of northern King County, Snohomish County and surrounding communities” could benefit from service out of Paine Field. Smith, who is moving from New York to Seattle in July “to make sure it’s done right,” promised a “personal touch” for passengers at the small airport, with a high ratio of airport staff to passengers. “We’re very much focused on the customer experience,” Smith said. The plans at Paine Field are too small-scale to have a major impact on the hectic growth at Sea-Tac airport, which has for a couple of years been the fastest-growing large airport in the U.S. “The region is growing so much. The economy, jobs, population, everything is on the increase,” said Alaska’s Sprague. “Sea-Tac is today the primary commercial airport for this region and will be for generations. It’s our No. 1 hub.” A previous version of this story included out-of-date renderings of the proposed Paine Field airport terminal; they have been removed. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Yorkshire Post Search More Close ] News Politics Crime Transport Education Health Environment Analysis Opinion Campaigns Obituaries Showbiz National News Politics Crime Transport Education Health Environment Analysis Opinion Campaigns Obituaries Showbiz National Sport Sports Podcasts Football Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Athletics Basketball Boxing Cycling Equestrian F1 & Motor Sport Golf Horse Racing Ice Hockey Olympics Snooker Squash Tennis More Sport Business Commercial Property Markets Retail SMEs Commentary Lifestyle Homes & Gardens Books Fashion Walks & Cycling Health & Wellbeing Travel Gardening Personal Finance Gadgets & Tech Cars Our Yorkshire People Heritage Discover Yorkshire Your Yorkshire What's On Dining Out Music Arts Theatre Cinema Television Comedy Exhibitions Hull 2017 Country Life Rural News Farming Country Style Country Pursuits Equestrian Future Yorkshire Technology Research Investment Retail Our Region West Yorkshire and The Dales South Yorkshire North Yorkshire, Moors and Coast East Yorkshire Barnsley Beverley Bradford Doncaster Driffield Halifax Harrogate Huddersfield Hull Leeds Rotherham Scarborough Sheffield The Wolds Wakefield Whitby York Rhodes to move HQ for first time since 1921 Group Rhodes managing director Mark Ridgway. PICTURE: MATTHEW PAGE 17:27 17:31 Wednesday 17 May 2017 0 Have your say Machinery manufacturer Group Rhodes is relocating to new premises for the first time in almost 100 years as part of a huge restructure programme. The Wakefield-based company, which makes machinery for engineering firms in the aerospace, composites and brick industries, is investing £6m in the move to a 47,609 sq ft refurbished building at Greens Industrial Park in the city. About 85 staff from its two Wakefield sites will relocate to the new premises. The move, which will take six months to complete, is part of a major restructure after Group Rhodes was forced to move out of the defence sector last year due to volatility in Pakistan. The business, which currently has its operations in Belle Vue and Thornes Lane as well as an operation in India, wound down two of its divisions leading to job losses. Challenging market conditions forced the business to conduct a reorganisation at the expense of its Slater & Crabtree and Joseph Rhodes operations, the latter of which is nearly 200 years old. The remaining divisions of Rhodes Interform, Craven Fawcett, Beauford Engineers, Rhodes Environmental and Hallamshire Engineering now operate under a new structure headed by the Group Rhodes parent company. In recent years company has more than halved its 190 staff. Speaking to The Yorkshire Post yesterday, managing director Mark Ridgway said the company’s fortunes were looking up after winning major contracts with Boeing, Rolls Royce, BAE Systems and AMRC in Rotherham. He added: “The business was established in 1824 and we have only moved twice in our history, the last time was in 1921. “We have huge issues with heat retention in our current Belle Vue building, which uses oil, and we also have a steam boiler. There are several drops in the floor and we were quoted in the region of £1m to fix the roof. “The new building is all on one level and it allows us to bring everyone together which will be great for the company.” JLL and Vickers Carnley are agents at Greens Industrial Park. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Yorkshire Post means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Yorkshire Post You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Yorkshire Post Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Our Yorkshire What's On Country Life Future Yorkshire More from The Yorkshire Post Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Digital Archive Jobs Homes Cars Dating Local Guide Public Notices Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your Ad Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Share 146 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-18 ‘I Am: Heath Ledger’ Has Something Even Die-Hard Fans Can Learn About The Late Star Entertainment 2017-05-17 Live Action ‘The Witcher’ Series Being Adapted For Netflix Entertainment 2017-05-17 Stephen King Finds New Way To Scare ‘Gwendy’s Button Box’ Co-Writer Richard Chizmar Entertainment 2017-05-17 ‘Fahrenheit 11/9’: Michael Moore To Explore Donald Trump’s Rise To Power In New ‘Fahrenheit 9/11’ Documentary News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-17 Bermuda Triangle: Debris Found Likely To Belong To The Latest Aircraft To Go Missing In The Deadly Area Basketball, Opinion 2017-05-17 Lonzo Ball To The Los Angeles Lakers A Done Deal? News 2017-05-17 Jason Chaffetz States ‘He’s Ready’ To Subpoena James Comey Memo Regarding Michael Flynn Investigation News 2017-05-17 Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-18 Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change Baseball 2017-05-17 Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Basketball 2017-05-17 Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Indonesia: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 7 Wrestling 2017-05-17 Former Announcer Says Triple H Buried Every Wrestler In the Locker Room Before Undertaker WrestleMania Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-05-17 Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: New Video Of Broken Boat From Supercell, Is ‘Clash of Clans’ Download Going Live Yet? Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘Overwatch’ Anniversary Event Starts Next Week, Play For Free That Weekend Gaming 2017-05-17 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Volcano Goes Active, Characters Mindwiped In Latest PS4 And Xbox One Update BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Trump Is Easy To Hack: Wi-Fi Networks Of Mar-A-Lago, Trump Hotels, Golf Clubs Have No Passwords, Open Printers BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Pippa Middleton Gets Bespoke Crystal Palace For Reception, But Will George And Charlotte Ruin Wedding? BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Woman Confronts Cheating Husband And Side Piece At Walmart [Video] [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Megan Sloan: Second Grade Teacher Charged With Bringing Heroin And Needles To Class SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Reddit Slams ‘Bill Nye Saves The World’ TV 146 0 0 May 17, 2017 Reddit Slams ‘Bill Nye Saves The World’ Brian Waite Reddit users are angry with Bill Nye Saves The World, the new Netflix series starring the mechanical engineer and science advocate popularly known as Bill Nye the Science Guy; a moniker that has stuck with him since his 90s show of the same name. Members of the online community have taken to the website to voice their disappointment with the new show and its content, criticizing the production value and even discussing what they would consider more appropriate names for the series. Among the most brutal critiques was a very popular post lamenting the politicized approach of Bill Nye Saves The World, a vast difference from his past show which focused on education and was geared towards younger kids. “I’ve been a huge fan of Bill Nye since I was ten,” writes Reddit user Sloth859. “Bill Nye the Science Guy was entertaining and educational. Bill Nye Saves the World is neither. In this show he simply brings up an issue, tells you which side you should be on, and then makes fun of people on the other side.” The critical post went on to provide examples of what the Reddit user called a misrepresentation of opposing viewpoints, including nuclear power, Paleo dieting, and alternative medicine. As of the time of this writing, the Reddit post has almost 83,000 upvotes and over 16,000 comments. Other people share the same sentiments, and the criticisms aren’t limited to Reddit. The IMDb rating for the Bill Nye Saves The World is currently at a very low 3.2 out of 10 from 4,422 reviews, compared to the 8.5 out of 10 rating for the older series. While the show gets a 75 percent “freshness” score from Rotten Tomatoes, the user submitted rating is a dismal 29 percent, or 1.9 out of 5. Some Reddit users have come to the defense of Bill Nye’s new show, however, showing that the initial reactions may simply be a result of disappointment from an audience expecting a modern reimagining of the older show. In one comment on Sloth859’s post, user jxl180 points out that childhood nostalgia could be the real culprit of viewers’ discontent. “Yes, it’s total cringe; however, nearly every episode of Bill Nye TSG ended with a cringy/cheesy song (usually a parody) or rap,” the comment states. “I’m not even sure if people loved Bill Nye as much as they remember, or if the fact that it was watched in the classroom (instead of doing traditional classroom material) sweetened the pot. For me it didn’t matter what they showed as long as the TV cart was in the room.” Bill Nye leads the Science March in Washington, D.C. on April 22, 2017. [Image by Sait Serkan Gurbuz/ AP Images] A graduate of Cornell University, Bill Nye began his career in science in 1977 as an engineer for multinational aerospace and defense corporation Boeing in Seattle, Washington, until he left the company in 1986 to pursue a career in comedy. He wrote skits and performed wacky science experiments for locally produced sketch comedy show, Almost Live!. Nye aspired to be a more modern and funny version of Nickelodeon’s 80s science show, Mr. Wizard, and he pitched his idea to KCTS-TV Channel 9, the Seattle public television station. Bill Nye the Science Guy was soon syndicated nationally and won 19 of the 23 Emmy Awards it was nominated for over its five seasons. Since then, Nye has been a public voice in the scientific community, advocating for more research into climate change and using his public influence to encourage kids and young adults to enter various sciences as a career choice. He has continued his advocacy through speaking engagements and through his work on various media productions, including Through the Eyes of Nye, a more in-depth series geared towards an older audience than his shows previously targeted. More recently, he had also become a voice in the political arena, leading the April “March For Science” in Washington, D.C., a protest of the environmental policies of U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration, as well as appearing on U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders’ new podcast, The Bernie Sanders Show. Bill Nye poses for a candid photo with friend and colleague, Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, at a New York screening of ‘The Space Between Us.’ [Image by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images] Nye’s political activism may also have something to do with the backlash that Bill Nye Saves The World is receiving on Reddit and other social media platforms. For many, scientific research and discovery are built on objectivity, and politics just gets in the way. But others see science as already politicized and believe that there is a need for members of the scientific community to speak out and stand up to politicians. Regardless, it is unlikely that Bill Nye is going to stop trying to “Save The World,” no matter what Reddit users have to say about it. [Featured Image by Sait Serkan Gurbuz/AP Images] Now Watch This: Paris Hilton Possibly Invented The Selfie Now Read This: ‘I Am: Heath Ledger’ Has Something Even Die-Hard Fans Can Learn About The Late Star Share 146 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Brian Waite Tags: "The Science Guy", bill nye, critics, netflix August 10, 2016 Trump Tower Climber Uploaded Creepy Pre-Recorded YouTube Message For ‘Mr. Trump’ [Video] August 10, 2016 Climate Change And Warming Oceans Are Making Us Sick, Literally Comments LATEST HEADLINES Zac Efron’s ‘Baywatch’ Co-Star Dwayne Johnson On Their Edgy Underwater Kiss The 18th Annual McMenamins UFO Festival Is On This Weekend In Oregon Social Media Unhappy About Recent WWE NXT Name Change ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Will Abigail Marry Dario? Answer Might Shock ‘Chabby’ Fans Yes, Andy Cohen Just Tasted Amber Tamblyn’s Breast Milk On ‘WWHL,’ Twitter Goes Wild The ’60 Days In: Atlanta’ Season Finale Wraps Up With A Surprising Twist For One Participant Google I/O Debuts Android Go, Gets Friendly With Low-Spec Entry-Level Devices Song Joong Ki Reportedly Inks New Deal And It Is Not For New Korean Drama Scott Servais Fired: Why Do So Many Seattle Mariners Fans Want Team To Fire Servais As Manager? Lawyers Ask To Show Man’s Erect Penis In Court To Prove Oral Sex Murder Defense Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 20.1k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Tori Roloff Posts New Pic Of Baby Jackson, Zach Afraid To Cut Cord [UPDATE] 11.7k 0 0 James Woods’ Twitter Tweet: Anderson Cooper’s ‘Butt Plug Dislodges During A Newscast’ Calls For Twitter Ban 7.3k 0 0 Does Donald Trump Want To Be Impeached? It’s Shaping Up To Look That Way [Opinion] 6.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [Updated] 5.8k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Matt Roloff Reacts To Becoming A Grandpa, Fans Ask If Baby Has Dwarfism 5.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Celebrity News Shaquille O’Neal Wants To Be The New Sheriff In Town Celebrity News Bella Hadid And Kendall Jenner Post Racy Bikini Vacation Pictures Entertainment Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs Sued By Former Personal Chef Entertainment Grammy Awards Will Celebrate 60th Anniversary In New York Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The American Legion Brings Poppy Day To The United States WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The American Legion is pleased to announce May 26 is National Poppy Day™. Already celebrated in countries around the world, Poppy Day is a time to wear or display a poppy to remember those who lost their lives in battle and in support of veterans, active-duty military and their families. On May 3, 2017, National Poppy Day received support through the introduction of the House of Representatives Resolution 309 by Congressman André Carson of Indiana. House Resolution 309 has been referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and calls for the Friday before each Memorial Day to be recognized as National Poppy Day. After World War I, the poppy flourished in Europe. The red flowers were commonly seen around the gravesites of fallen servicemembers. The flower is immortalized in the poem „In Flanders Fields,” penned by Lt. Col. John McCrae. „As the United States commemorates the 100th anniversary of its entrance into World War I, it is only fitting that The America Legion brings Poppy Day to the U.S.,” said Charles E. Schmidt, national commander of The American Legion. „Just as The American Legion was the first organization to adopt the poppy as a symbol of remembrance for the fallen, we are pleased to be the first to formally recognize its historic significance with National Poppy Day.” In the days leading to National Poppy Day and through Memorial Day, members of The American Legion, American Legion Auxiliary and Sons of the American Legion will be in communities across the country distributing poppies and collecting donations. All donations received as part of National Poppy Day will support veterans, active-duty military personnel and their families with medical and financial needs. This year, National Poppy Day support was kicked off by The Boeing Company with a $100,000 donation to The American Legion. To learn how you can get involved, go to Legion.org/PoppyDay. About The American Legion The American Legion is the largest wartime veterans service organization with 2.1 million members in nearly 14,000 posts in communities across America. Chartered by Congress in 1919, The American Legion is committed to mentoring youth and sponsoring wholesome programs in our communities, advocating patriotism and honor, promoting a strong national security, and continued devotion to our fellow servicemembers and veterans. Media Contact: RJ Smith smithrj@1stdegree.com  703-853-8198 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-american-legion-brings-poppy-day-to-the-united-states-300459318.html SOURCE The American Legion Related Links http://www.legion.org/poppyday CategoriesUncategorized TagsFederal & State Legislation, Veterans Post navigation Previous PostPrevious fred’s Pharmacy Disease Awareness Campaigns Provide Screening and Early Detection Tools to More Than 98,000 People and a $38,244 Donation to the American Heart Association Next PostNext Erster Preis beim Airbus-Wettbewerb Fly Your Ideas 2017 für effektives Design eines privaten Staufachs für Passagiere Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market To Make Great Impact In Near Future by 2025 Gas Alarm Consumption Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Share, Growth, Trend, Competitive Strategies, Worldwide Demand and forcast 2016 by QY Research Reports Raman Spectroscopy Market Report 2017: Horiba Jobin Yvon, Renishaw, Thermo, B&W Tek, Kaiser Optical 2017 to 2022 Global Fixed Crane Sales Market Research Analysis Report Global Clinical Trial Management System Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 15% by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air North Korea North Korea's closest major US city, Seattle, wants to plan for possible nuclear attack By Dan Springer Published May 17, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print   SEATTLE –  North Korea’s latest test launch over the weekend has raised concerns among U.S. officials. The Pentagon says the ballistic missile flew 1,000 miles higher than NASA’s International Space Station. It was then able to re-enter earth’s atmosphere and splash down just 60 miles from Russia. One official told Fox News it was a “big step forward” in North Korea’s nuclear missile program. Emergency planners in Hawaii, the closest state to North Korea, have taken notice and are evaluating existing nuclear attack response plans. Meanwhile, another possible target on the West Coast is barred from taking any steps to plan for a nuclear attack. Washington State allows evacuation plans for every disaster scenario except a nuclear bomb. Former state Rep. Dick Nelson remembers the prevailing thinking in the legislature at the time concerning response plans in the event of nuclear war. THE NORTH KOREA THREAT WILL ONLY GET WORSE. HERE'S WHAT TRUMP MUST DO NOW “You are really sending a message that you’re getting ready to do something maybe yourself,” Nelson said. The law passed in 1984, seven years before the end of the Cold War. It was the opposite approach taken by President Ronald Reagan, whose peace through strength doctrine helped lead to the collapse of the Soviet Union. A current Washington state senator says the current law is irresponsible and naïve. “I think it’s ridiculous and silly,” says state Sen. Mark Miloscia, “And sort of the head-in-the-sand mentality. If it has a probability of happening, prepare for it.” Seattle could be in the crosshairs if North Korea’s leader, Kim Jung Un, ever did the unthinkable. Naval Base Kitsap reportedly has roughly 1,300 nuclear warheads -- almost one-quarter of the U.S. arsenal -- making it the largest stockpile of nukes in the world. The Puget Sound is also home to Joint Base Lewis McChord, home to the important Stryker Brigade. With the headquarters of Boeing, Microsoft and Amazon, the region is a high-tech hub. NORTH KOREA SAYS IT LAUNCHED MISSILE THAT CAN CARRY NUCLEAR WARHEAD Seattle is also the closest major U.S. city to Pyonyang, an important factor when calculating accuracy. But Washington State’s top emergency planner says the current law barring any nuclear strike planning is not a big deal. “We do not have a specific plan for a nuclear attack,” said Robert Ezelle, director of the Washington Military Department of Emergency Management. “Nor do we have a specific plan for a volcano or a number of types of hazards that you can name. Ezelle says he needs to spend his limited resources on preparing for the most likely disasters, such as a major earthquake or even a dirty bomb attack. He believes the response to a nuclear attack would be similar enough; current plans are adequate to protect the public. Irwin Redlener, director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University, disagrees.  “I think that needs to be in its own category of planning because the situation for fallout and radiation and long-term contamination of areas,” said Redlener. Miloscia has co-sponsored a bill that would scrap Washington state’s law prohibiting planning for a nuclear attack. He says it has bi-partisan support and is likely to pass next year. Meantime, military experts believe North Korea is still about three years away from having the capability to hit the West Coast with a nuclear bomb. Dan Springer joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in August 2001 as a Seattle-based correspondent. Advertisement Trending in US Legalized marijuana turns Colorado resort town into homeless magnet Millennials turn to 'adulting' classes to master lost basics Jury finds white Oklahoma cop not guilty in deadly shooting of unarmed black man Family 'desperately hoping' for safe return of missing Duke University student Texas man comforts cow whose calf died Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The American Legion Brings Poppy Day To The United States The American Legion is calling on all Americans to wear a poppy on May 26 as a symbol of remembrance and hope. WASHINGTON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Legion is pleased to announce May 26 is National Poppy Day™. Already celebrated in countries around the world, Poppy Day is a time to wear or display a poppy to remember those who lost their lives in battle and in support of veterans, active-duty military and their families. On May 3, 2017, National Poppy Day received support through the introduction of the House of Representatives Resolution 309 by Congressman André Carson of Indiana. House Resolution 309 has been referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and calls for the Friday before each Memorial Day to be recognized as National Poppy Day. After World War I, the poppy flourished in Europe. The red flowers were commonly seen around the gravesites of fallen servicemembers. The flower is immortalized in the poem "In Flanders Fields," penned by Lt. Col. John McCrae. "As the United States commemorates the 100th anniversary of its entrance into World War I, it is only fitting that The America Legion brings Poppy Day to the U.S.," said Charles E. Schmidt, national commander of The American Legion. "Just as The American Legion was the first organization to adopt the poppy as a symbol of remembrance for the fallen, we are pleased to be the first to formally recognize its historic significance with National Poppy Day." In the days leading to National Poppy Day and through Memorial Day, members of The American Legion, American Legion Auxiliary and Sons of the American Legion will be in communities across the country distributing poppies and collecting donations. All donations received as part of National Poppy Day will support veterans, active-duty military personnel and their families with medical and financial needs. This year, National Poppy Day support was kicked off by The Boeing Company with a $100,000 donation to The American Legion. To learn how you can get involved, go to Legion.org/PoppyDay. About The American Legion The American Legion is the largest wartime veterans service organization with 2.1 million members in nearly 14,000 posts in communities across America. Chartered by Congress in 1919, The American Legion is committed to mentoring youth and sponsoring wholesome programs in our communities, advocating patriotism and honor, promoting a strong national security, and continued devotion to our fellow servicemembers and veterans. Media Contact: RJ Smith smithrj@1stdegree.com  703-853-8198 SOURCE The American Legion CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Federal and State Legislation, Homeland Security, Veterans Post navigation Previous PostPrevious WaPo Launches The Health 202 Newsletter Next PostNext United Fire Group, Inc. Approves a Dividend Increase and Declares a Common Stock Quarterly Cash Dividend of $0.28 per Share Search Recent Posts Just Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2017 Results Just Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2017 Results Movit Announces Non-Brokered Private Placement of up to $500,000; Closes Debt Conversion Movit Announces Non-Brokered Private Placement of up to $500,000; Closes Debt Conversion Enerflex Announces Two New Directors Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Looking At Drivers For Industrial ETFs Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 17, 2017 10:41am   Comments Share: Related XLI 5 Donald Trump-Inspired Leveraged ETFs Make Their Debut Best Sector ETFs For April: No Fooling Around Archford Capital Strategies, LLC Buys Apple Inc, iShares MSCI Emerging Index Fund, AstraZeneca ... (GuruFocus) The Industrial Select Sector SPDR (NYSE: XLI), the largest exchange traded fund dedicated to industrial stocks, is up 7.4 percent year-to-date, which slightly trails the S&P 500. That's still a steady performance considering weakness displayed some diversified industrial conglomerates this year, a group that's a pivotal part of XLI and other industrial ETFs. For example, shares of Dow component General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) are down nearly 10.6 percent year-to-date. General Electric, XLI's largest holding at 8.4 percent of the ETF's weight, is one of just two Dow stocks down at least 10 percent this year. Behind aerospace and defense stocks, industrial conglomerates are XLI's second-largest industry weight at 19.8 percent. Good News? There could be good news for some diversified industrial names, including some XLI components. “Sales at diversified industrial companies are expected to grow slightly in 2017 following sales declines in 2015-2016,” said Fitch Ratings in a recent note. “Signs of a recovery were evident in the first quarter of 2017 when most diversified industrials reported improving sales trends, although conditions remain mixed across sectors and geographies. Prospects for capital goods companies that produce machinery and engines are also improving, but at a slower pace. The sustainability of early improvements in orders and sales will be in focus through at least mid-2017.” Although shares of GE are sliding, some rivals are performing well this year. For example, 3M Co. (NYSE: MMM) and United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX), two of XLI's top 10 holdings, are two of the 12 Dow stocks up at least 10 percent this year. Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT), two more XLI top 10 holdings, are two of the other Dow stocks up at least 10 percent this year. Penchant For Buybacks A theme long-term investors should monitor is the industrial sector's buyback penchant, which is largely funded with corporate debt. Industrial companies have been buying back their own shares amid pressure to juice returns. “A slow-growth environment and shareholder pressure to boost returns are contributing to aggressive cash deployment by diversified industrial companies and a willingness to fund share repurchases with debt,” said Fitch. “Most stock buybacks are expected to be done in a credit-neutral manner, although they will continue to be a constraining factor on credit quality. Slow growth and pressure from activists are also driving acquisitions, divestitures and realignments, cost reductions and other restructuring efforts. Investor activism is affecting both highly rated and low-rated issuers including General Electric, Honeywell, Navistar and others.” Posted-In: Long Ideas Sector ETFs Top Stories Trading Ideas ETFs Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA + CAT) Wall Street's M&A Chatter From May 16: Walgreens-Rite Aid, Raytheon, Citrix Systems, WashingtonFirst-Sandy Spring 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 11, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 10 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on XLI Trending Recent 1 AMD, AAPL: Intel Has Reportedly Ditched Nvidia For Advanced Micro Devices 2 GILT, SPHS: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 VIAB, HUM: Jim Cramer Weighs In On Nucor, CIGNA, Advanced Micro... 4 SFTBF, DTEGY: Signs A Sprint, T-Mobile Tie-Up Is Gaini... 5 FMCC, FNMA: Will The FHFA Suspend Fannie &... 6 AMD, NVDA: AMD Downgraded, Analy... 7 TTC, MTSI: 20 Stocks Mo... 1 JACK: Jack In The Box Find Sellers Just Ahead Of All-Time High 2 TGT: Target Surrenders Some Pre-Market Gains After Q1 Beat 3 RBS, LYG: Lloyds Banking Back In Private Hands After 2008 Government Bailout 4 How Getting A Car Loan Can Affect Your Credit, And Things You Can... 5 WMT, TGT: Safe Havens Sought, Volatility Up Sharply, As Political C... 6 TCI, BEBE: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; T... 7 URBN: Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie Continue To... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Square Uses Investor Day To Play Up Magnitude Of Opportunities; BTIG Downgrades On Valuation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027 LONDON, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis For Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle) Developments in simulation systems related technology have had a significant impact on the defence military simulation and virtual training market. Visiongain's report on this sector gives a detailed overview of the market, creating an accurate picture that will offer clarity to anyone involved in the military simulation sector. Importantly, the report also delivers a forecast of the market, giving you an insight into the future opportunities that exist in the defence military simulation and virtual training market. This report offers a global forecast, which is then broken down by the following national markets: • Australia • Brazil • Canada • France • Germany • India • Israel • Italy • Japan • South Korea • UK • US • ROW As well as the following submarkets: • Airborne Simulation and Training Systems • Ground Simulation and Training Systems • Maritime Simulation and Training Systems • Others Simulation and Training Systems For the global market, the Airborne submarket is broken down further by Aircraft, Helicopter, and UAV, whilst the Ground submarket is broken down further by Combat, and by Vehicle. In order to offer an accurate snapshot of the current market, visiongain has also profiled the following leading companies: • Airbus Group SE • BAE Systems • The Boeing Company • CAE • Cubic Inc • Elbit Systems • Leonardo SpA • General Dynamics Corporation • L-3 Technologies Inc. • Lockheed Martin Corporation • Meggitt PLC • Northrop Grumman Corporation • Raytheon Company • Rheinmetall AG • Rockwell Collins Inc • Saab AB • Textron Inc • Thales Group With 300+ tables and charts and a total length of over 425 pages, this report is a fantastic opportunity to increase your knowledge of this sector. SWOT/PEST analysis tables, as well as analysis of the drivers and restraints for the overall market concisely informs you of the major factors affecting this market, whilst visiongain's data-rich approach provides greater insight into this market. Military Simulation, Modelling and Virtual Military Training Market Report 2017-2027: Top Companies, Forecasts & Analysis for Airborne, Ground, Maritime & Other Simulation & Training Platforms, with National Market Forecasts, and Global Market Forecasts of Airborne S&T Submarket by Application (Aircraft, Helicopter, UAV) and Ground S&T Submarket by Application (Combat, Vehicle)  To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com List of Companies Mentioned in This Report  3SDL Ltd 4Secure Ltd AAI Academi Acme Portable Computers Action Target Adacel Adayana Government Group Aechelon Technology Inc Aegis Technologies Group Inc Aero Simulation Inc Aerovironment, Inc AgustaWestland Air Tanker Airbus Defence And Space Airbus Group SE Alelo Inc Alenia Aermacchi Alion Science And Technology Alker Fibre Optic Specialists Amber Tiger American Systems Ansaldo Antevorte Antycip Simulation Apc Technology Apem Components Ltd Applied Research Associates/Virtual Heroes Division Applied Signal Technology Aptima Inc Aqru Research And Technology LLC Areva SA Argon Electronics (UK) Ltd ARINC Asta Group LLC, The ATASS-Advanced Tactical Airborne Systems And Services GmbH Aversan Inc Avic Avt Simulation Babcock International Group BAE Systems plc Ball Aerospace and Technologies Corp B-Design3d Ltd Beaverfit Bell Helicopters Bihrle Applied Research Inc Bloodhound Ssc Project Bluedrop Training & Simulation Boeing Company, The Boeing Training Systems Bohemia Interactive Simulations CACI Technologies Inc CAE Caliente Defense Calytrix Technologies Inc Captec Carley Corporation Carney Inc Cds Defence Support Cevians LLC Christie Claytex Services Ltd Close Air Solutions CM Labs Simulations Cole Engineering Services Inc Combitech AB, Countermeasure Systems Ltd Covert Hides Creative Technologies Inc Crew Training International Crytech Cubic Advanced Learning Solutions Cubic Inc Cubic Simulation Systems, Inc Cybicom Atlas Defence (Pty) Ltd. D-Box Technologies Inc Denel Soc Ltd Design Interactive Inc Diamond Visonics Digimation Digital Projection Dignitas Technologies LLC Direction des Constructions Navales Services (DCNS) Discovery Machine Disti Disti Corporation, The Drive Square Inc Drumgrange Ltd Eblanks As ECA Group Elbit Systems Elbit Simulation And Training Eli Military Simulations Eli OÜ Engility Corporation Engineering and Computer Simulations Envitia EPC-UK Etc Simulation Eyevis GmbH Fidelity Technologies Corporation Flightsafety International Fr. Luerssen GmbH & Co. KG Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd General Dynamics Corporation Gamesim Inc Harquebus Ltd Havelsan AS Hutchinson Stop-Choc Immersive Display Solutions Inc Inert Products LLC Intelligent Decisions Systems Inc Interactive Data Visualization Inter-Coastal Electronics Inc Interface Concept Itec Janus Research Group Jrl Ventures Inc Jvc Visual Systems Division Kitco Fiber Optics Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace KRATOS Defence And Security Solutions Krauss-Maffei Wegmann GmbH & Co KG L-3 Technologies Inc. Laerdal Medical Ltd Laser Shot Inc Leidos Leonardo Spa Log.In Logistic Services International Inc Marine Specialised Technology Limited Marshall Aerospace And Defence Group MASA Group Mass Meggitt PLC Metavr Inc Milsim Asia Modest Tree Motion Reality Mpi Limited Multiple Resources Trading Limited National Firearms And Tactical Training Centre, The Nci Inc Nexter Systems Ngrain Northrop Grumman Corporation Nyk Component Solutions Ltd Oak Grove Technologies Ocr Olsen Actuation UK Ltd Pandect Group, The PDD Group Ltd Pinnacle Solutions Inc Plexsys Interface Products Inc. Polhemus Procentrum Equipment BV Q4 Services LLC QinetiQ Ltd Raptor Training Vests Ltd Raydon Corporation Raytheon Company Rebel Alliance Research Electronics International Responder Training Services Rheinmetall AG Rifts Training Riptide Software Inc Rockwell Collins Inc. Rockwell Collins Simulation & Training Solutions LLC Rockford Components Ltd Ruag Schweiz AG - Ruag Defence Saab AB SAES - Sociedad Anónima De Electrónica Submarina Samel-90 PLC Scalable Display Technologies Scalable Network Technologies Science Applications International Corp. Sea Seaowl Group Sekpy - Hellenic Manufacturers Of Defence Material Association Serco Inc. Shark Marine Technologies Sig Sauer Sigma Security Devices Ltd Simetri Simigon Inc. Simmersion Simthetiq Skidcar System Inc Sonalysts Inc Stirling Dynamics Strategic Operations Inc Sts Defence Ltd Sundog Software LLC Tactical Element Inc Tactical Micro Inc Targamite LLC TATA Group Tatitlek Corporation, The Tech Valley Technologies Tec-Masters Inc Telespazio Spa Tek Military Seating LLP Teledyne Brown Engineering Inc Ternion Corporation Terrasim Textron Inc Tier One Holding Group Inc Treality Triangraphics Trident Research LLC Tsg Associates LLP Thales Company Thales Alenia Ufa, Inc Ultra Electronics Utm Vcom3d Inc Veraxx Engineering Corp. Verify Europe Ltd Verrimus Ltd Virtra Systems Visual Purple Vstep B.V. Vt Mäk Warrior Trail Consulting LLC Whr Devices Zedasoft Inc Zen Technologies Limited Zodiac Milpro International To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1868/Military-Simulation-Modelling-and-Virtual-Military-Training-Market-Report-2017-2027 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Computer Software, Publishing/Information Services, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silver Range Stakes Five New Targets in the Lupin — Back River Area of Nunavut Next PostNext Ceapro Inc. Reports 2017 First Quarter Development Highlights and Financial Results Search Recent Posts Superior Industries Raises Tender Offer Price to 247.87zl Per Share for Public Shareholders Superior Industries erhöht Ausschreibungsangebot auf PLN 247,87 pro Aktie für öffentliche Aktionäre United States Biomaterials for Musculoskeletal Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Global Kitchen Appliances Market to expand $250bn by 2023 Pharmacy Automation Market in United States: Detailed Qualitative Analysis of Factors Responsible for Driving and Restraining the Growth and Opportunities 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America Iran receives first batch of 4 planes from French-Italian ATR Source: Xinhua| 2017-05-17 22:02:39|Editor: xuxin Video PlayerClose TEHRAN, May 17 (Xinhua) -- Iran received the first batch of 4 passenger planes that it has purchased from French-Italian ATR company, Iran Daily reported on Wednesday. Four ATR 72-600 turboprop planes landed in Tehran's Mehrabad International Airport on a direct flight from the French city of Toulouse and were officially handed over to the country's national flag-carrier airline Iran Air. Iran expects to receive five more ATRs by the end of 2017. In April, it was announced that Iran signed a contract with the ATR to purchase 20 passenger planes. In February, Iranian Deputy Road and Urban Development Minister, Asqar Fakhriyeh Kashan, announced that the deal with ATR valued at 400 million U.S. dollars. In December 2016, Iran sealed a contract with Airbus to buy 100 aircraft worth over 18 billion dollars. Also in December, Iran Air finalized another agreement with the U.S. Boeing to purchase 80 commercial planes. The agreement envisages the purchase of 50 twinjet narrow-body Boeing 737 planes and 30 long-range wide-body 777 aircraft with a total value of 16.6 billion dollars. KEY WORDS: ATR YOU MAY LIKE Air New Zealand expands ATR fleet amid market battle with Jetstar ATR, Indonesia's Lion Air sign deal for 40 aircraft Indonesia's state-run airline procures 35 ATR 72-600 planes to serve eastern region Russia grounds Bell-407 helicopters, orders inspection of ATR-72 planes UTair suspends ATR-72 plane after deadly crash MORE PHOTOS Highlights of China Graduate Fashion Week In pics: Dongjiang Lake in C China's Hunan Preparations underway for Cannes International Film Festival Israeli naval soldiers' gunfire kills Gaza fisherman: sources People face clean water shortage in Sanaa, Yemen National security advisor says OK for Trump to share info with Russia TOP STORIES Xi elaborates on inspiration behind Belt and Road Initiative China, Cambodia vow to implement cooperation plans under Belt and Road Initiative In pics: aerial photo of centerless ferris wheel in E China "Ismael's Ghosts" to unveil 70th Cannes Film Festival EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. National security advisor says OK for Trump to share info with Russia / 02. Kremlin denies reports on Trump's leaking secrets to Russia / 03. American Writer's Museum takes home in Chicago / 04. Spotlight: Trump, Erdogan vow to repair U.S.-Turkish relationship amid differences / 05. China gives WFP 5 mln USD to support refugees in Kenya MOST VIEWED Miraculous road at Guoliang cliff corridor in China's Henan Dough figurines made by folk artist in E China Sea of clouds over meadows in NW China's Shaanxi 2017 national yoga contest held in SW China EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011100001362926471
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Aircraft Refurbishing Global Market Trend Analysis By Component & Type Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Aircraft Refurbishing Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 17, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Aircraft Refurbishing market is accounted for $3.7 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $5.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.5% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing requirement for huge business, VIP aircraft and advancements in technologies are the key factors fueling the demand for aircraft refurbishing market growth. Increasing demand for revamp and maintenance will boost the growth of global aircraft refurbishing market. The factors such as growing freighter conversions, increasing redesign of greener aircrafts and new airplanes (A-380 and B-787) are some of the major drivers boosting the market growth. However, rising prices of raw materials and declining demand for older/refurbished parts or aircrafts are the major restraints for this market. Increasing demand of VIP refurbished jets will remain as a biggest opportunity for the aircraft refurbishing market over the forecast period. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/aircraft-refurbishing-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Narrow body aircraft segment has accounted for the largest market share of more than 45% owing to increasing passenger traffic, which has resulted in the extended seat capacity within an aircraft. North America dominated the global market and accounted for largest share of more than 40%. The following factors such as development of networks within Central America and Caribbean regions, growing incidence of passenger traffic and simultaneous growth in low cost carriers are the factors favoring the market growth in this region. Some of the key players in this market include EADS Sogerma, Sell GmbH, Recaro Aircraft, Seating GmbH & Co. KG, FACC AG, Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Nordam Interiors & Structures Division, Rockwell Collins Inc., PPG Aerospace, Thales S.A., Zodiac Aerospace, Jamco America, Inc., Boeing Company - CDG, Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH, Satcom1, TIMCO Aviation Service Inc., STG Aerospace Ltd., Panasonic Avionics Corporation,, Honeywell International, United Technology Corporation (UTC) and B/E Aerospace. Application Covered -Very Large Aircraft -Wide Body Aircraft -Commercial Aviation Aircrafts Windows & Windshields -Narrow Body Aircraft -VIP Aircrafts Type covered -VIP Cabin Refurbishing -Passenger-To-Freighter(P-2-F) -Commercial Cabin Refurbishing(C-C-R) Fittings Covered -Passenger Seats -Retrofit -IFEC System Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322759/sample Regions Covered -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1EADS Sogerma S.A. 10.2 Sell GmbH 10.3 Recaro Aircraft Seating GmbH & Co. KG 10.4 FACC AG 10.5 Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Inc. 10.6 NORDAM Group 10.7 Rockwell Collins Inc. 10.8 PPG Aerospace 10.9 Thales S.A. 10.10 Zodiac Aerospace 10.11 Jamco America, Inc. 10.12 Boeing Company - CDG 10.13 Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH 10.14 Satcom1 10.15 TIMCO Aviation Service Inc. 10.16 STG Aerospace Ltd. 10.17 Panasonic Avionics Corporation 10.18 Honeywell International 10.19 United Technology Corporation (UTC) 10.20 B/E Aerospace Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001322759/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Govt clears 10 new nuclear reactors in big power push Amid student protests, J&K govt warns: Can’t take exams if low on attendance For ‘bribing’ tax official, Essar-linked trust is under CBI’s scrutiny Kolkata: Barkati sacked as Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque Defamation suit against Arvind Kejriwal: Called Jaitley a crook on client’s instructions, says Jethmalani Home World US Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete, says naval operations chief US Navy fleet must grow, adapt and automate to compete, says naval operations chief The cost of building and operating a fleet of 355 ships would average $102 billion per year through 2047, according to a report published in April by the Congressional Budget Office. By: Reuters | Published:May 17, 2017 6:29 pm Even if President Donald Trump’s promise of a 350 ship fleet is fulfilled, the US Navy will still need to fundamentally change its fighting strategy and use more unmanned systems to keep pace with adversaries, according to Navy leadership. “We’re on the dawn of something very substantial in terms of naval warfare. Something as substantial as the transition from sail to steam,” the Navy’s Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson told reporters by phone this week. During the US presidential campaign Trump made repeated calls to expand the current 275 ship fleet to 350, but several independent studies examining the Navy found the need to adopt unmanned systems as well as build a larger fleet of conventional warships. The cost of building and operating a fleet of 355 ships would average $102 billion per year through 2047, according to a report published in April by the Congressional Budget Office. This is about one-third more than the Navy’s current annual budget. In order to keep pace with Russia and China, the Navy’s top officer said in a report released on Wednesday, “the Navy must also incorporate new technologies and operational concepts” including autonomy and machine learning into the fleet. To meet the challenge of more automated or unmanned forces, the Navy has been examining Extra Large Unmanned Undersea Vehicles (XLUUV) to conduct “dull, dirty, dangerous, and distant” operations. Boeing Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and General Dynamics are working on the program. The Navy is also examining a Carrier Based Aerial Refueling System, MQ-25, to refuel aircraft aloft as well as conduct surveillance. Boeing, General Atomics, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman Corp are working on concepts to try to solve this future Navy need. Funding and building hundreds of ships over decades will be a challenge for industry. Richardson said the cost is more than the Navy can currently afford, but Trump has proposed increasing military spending. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now No Comments. Best of Express For Anil Dave, work came first. Despite ill health, he spent long hours in office Army gets its first artillery guns three decades after Bofors, will be tested at Pokhran today Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: ICJ verdict today at 3.30 pm OpinionOn triple talaq, court must say: Religious practice cannot trump modern constitutional morality OpinionNobody owns planning, development functions in panchayat samitis, gram panchayats Buzzing Now EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 EntertainmentAnushka Shetty accepts that Prabhas is sexier than Rana Daggubati Entertainment'Reema Lagoo has gone so young': Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor's death TrendingReema Lagoo dead at 59; condolences pour in on Twitter TrendingIn heart-rending video, 13-year-old begged dad for money to treat cancer before death Top News Anil Dave was known for his work on conservation of Narmada river EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after cardiac arrest TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Defence experts demand consular access SportsSRH vs KKR: Knight Riders seal the deal in wee hours SportsBowlers set the game up for us: Gautam Gambhir LifestyleCannes 2017 red carpet: Deepika Padukone looks breathtaking in a Marchesa gown LifestyleCannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's first look in a red floral Johanna Ortiz backless gown TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more TechnologyZomato reports massive data breach, 17 million accounts affected May 18: Latest News ‘Reema Lagoo has gone so young’: Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor’s death Demonetisation: Kerala govt announces Rs 2 lakh relief for kin of those who died in queues Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts  Monaco wins first French league title in 17 years Most Read HBSE to declare Class 12 results on May 18, Class 10 results by May 20 Reema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 When Baahubali star Anushka Shetty agreed that Prabhas was sexier than Rana Daggubati. Watch video CBSE Class 10, 12 exams 2017: How and where to check results                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News World News Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger plane Shares1 Wed, 17 May 2017-05:09pm , PTI Iranian state media says four ATR 72 -600s are being delivered, the first installment of a deal with the French manufacturer to purchase 20 passenger planes following the lifting of sanctions under the 2015 nuclear deal. The IRNA news agency said the first plane landed in Tehran early today, with the other three expected later in the day. The planes were officially given to Iran Air in a ceremony yesterday in Toulouse, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalised a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth USD 536 million at list prices, though customers usually negotiate discounts. Since the nuclear deal, Iran has signed billion-dollar deals with Boeing and Airbus to replace and upgrade its aging commercial fleet. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World China accepts Nepal's proposal for road, rail connectivity World No politician treated 'more unfairly,' Donald Trump tells graduates World Debris found from plane missing in Bahamas; search continues World Bangladesh court sentences 23 to death for murders in 2002 World US Senate Intelligence committee wants more information from ex-FBI director James Comey World Red Cross finds 115 dead in Central African Republic's Bangassou Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Iran Air Airbus Boeing Tehran Toulouse ATR IRNA SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Baseball-Court upholds Pirates infielder Kang's drunk driving sanction Saudi to invest $200 bn in US, purchase arms worth $300 bn Rs 1 crore in junked notes seized in Thane; 3 arrested German dwelling permits drop in first quarter of 2017 Pak hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Sport A full 20-over game would have helped us: Muralitharan Soccer-Paraguayan championship results and standings Tennis-Sharapova's sponsor backs French Open snub, blames WADA MI, KKR lock horns in qualifier 2 to enter IPL final Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, May 18 Entertainment Reema Lagoo no more: 'Yes Boss' co-star Juhi Chawla is SHOCKED at the sudden demise of the actress! Prime Minister condoles actor Reema Lagoo's demise RIP Reema Lagoo | Akshay Kumar to Priyanka Chopra: B-Town MOURNS the sad demise of the actress! David Tennant, Billie Piper to reunite for 'Doctor Who' audio Paula Abdul doesn't want to return to 'American Idol' Money Volvo Cars to start assembly operations in India this year National Grid reports 14 pct rise in FY adjusted operating profit Export benefit scheme being made GST-compliant: Govt IKEA starts work on Navi Mumbai store; to open in Jan'19 Sensex on a downhill after US chill, rolls down 111 pts Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Middle East Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press By Associated Press May 17 at 5:40 AM TEHRAN, Iran — Iranian state media says four ATR 72-600s are being delivered, the first installment of a deal with the French manufacturer to purchase 20 passenger planes following the lifting of sanctions under the 2015 nuclear deal. The IRNA news agency said the first plane landed in Tehran early Wednesday, with the other three expected later in the day. The planes were officially given to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices, though customers usually negotiate discounts. Since the nuclear deal, Iran has signed billion-dollar deals with Boeing and Airbus to replace and upgrade its aging commercial fleet. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world middle_east Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world middle_east Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Analysis Why does North Korea hate the United States? Let’s go back to the Korean War. 2 Notes made by former FBI director Comey say Trump pressured him to end Flynn probe 3 Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador 4 Analysis Erdogan’s big meeting with Trump gets obscured by White House chaos 5 Legal analysts: Trump might have obstructed justice, if Comey’s allegation is true The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world middle_east Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Thursday, 18 May 2017 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Cartoons Interview Iran Receives 1st ATR Plane after JCPOA News ID: 1410555 Service: Economy May, 17, 2017 - 13:36 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – Iran's national flag-carrier airline Iran Air has taken delivery of its first ATR 72-600s plane, the head of European plane maker ATR announced. "As Iran's traveling public gains access to increased supply of air transportation, it will benefit from the highest standards of comfort, efficiency and reliability with the ATR´s we are delivering today and over the coming months," ATR Chief Executive Christian Scherer said in a statement, AP reported.   The plane was handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony on Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Earlier this year, Iran Air and ATR signed a firm contract for 20 ATR 72-600s and options for a further 20 planes. Deliveries of the 20 firm aircraft will be completed by the end of 2018. Following a landmark deal reached between Tehran and six world power, Iran struck several large jet deals, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus. Iran and the Group 5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France and Germany) reached the nuclear deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) in July 2015. When it came into force in January 2016, the JCPOA terminated all nuclear-related anti-Iran sanctions. R1355/P42410/S1193/CT45 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1410555 All Stories UN: 300000 Children Migrating Solo, Up Nearly Fivefold Iran Presidential Candidate Pledges Cooperation with Judiciary against Corruption Islamic Solidarity Games: Iran’s Weightlifter Barari Bags Gold Medal Former FBI Chief Mueller Appointed to Probe Trump-Russia Ties Iran Election Results to Be Released Gradually: Official Iran Beaten by Japan at Asian Women's U-23 Volleyball The Dolphin Park on Kish Island Leader Meets Iranian People ahead of 12th Presidential Election Yemen Cholera Death Toll Mounts to 209: UNICEF Clashes in Greece as Thousands Protest Austerity Iran Plans to Lease New Train Cars from Europe Top Diplomat Urges All Iranians to Go to Polls on Friday High Possibility of War with North Korea, Warns New South Korean President EU Offers 'Fairness' to Britain in Brexit Talks China Installs Rocket Launchers on Disputed South China Sea Island: Report Over 20 Daesh Terrorists Killed in Syria’s Deir Ez-Zor Yemeni Forces Mount Missile Attacks against Saudi Forces in Najran Reporters from 42 Countries to Cover Iran’s Elections × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع -- 3,754 price_dollar (0.02%) 1 4,173 price_eur (-0.04%) -2 4,861 price_gbp -- 1,035 price_aed (0.08%) 10,000 11,770,000 sekeb (-0.01%) -1,500 12,141,000 sekee (-0.08%) -5,000 6,560,000 nim (-0.13%) -5,000 3,730,000 rob (-0.19%) -5,000 2,590,000 gerami (0.02%) 240 1,140,020 geram18 (0.02%) 310 1,520,010 geram24 (0.02%) 1,000 4,938,000 mesghal (0.05%) 60 1,237.10 ons (0.11%) 100 942.00 platinum (0.53%) 9 16.87 silver (0.12%) 100 823.00 palladium (-0.1%) -5 49.53 oil (-0.08%) -4 52.51 oil_brent (-3.12%) -153 47.44 oil_opec (0%) 1 79,958 bourse -- 1,080 price_try (0.17%) 1 574 price_cny -- 34 price_jpy (0.03%) 1 2,885 price_cad (0.03%) 1 2,876 price_aud (-2.68%) -80 2,900 price_nzd (-0.05%) -2 3,829 price_chf (7.02%) 4 57 price_afn (0.23%) 1 428 price_sek -- 553 price_dkk (0.23%) 1 439 price_nok (-0.24%) -30 12,320 price_kwd (0.2%) 2 1,005 price_sar (0.48%) 5 1,035 price_qar (-0.2%) -20 9,780 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd -- 8 price_syp (22.86%) 16 70 price_inr -- 36 price_pkr (-0.71%) -20 2,810 price_sgd (-1.96%) -10 500 price_hkd (0.56%) 5 891 price_myr -- 114 price_thb -- 68 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,250 price_azn (-0.5%) -50 9,950 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: دوشنبه ۲۵ ارديبهشت - ۱۷:۵۳ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Cartoons Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Latest News / Report: Trump’s Proposed Fiscal 2018 Defense Budget Would Fund 9 Combat Ships Report: Trump’s Proposed Fiscal 2018 Defense Budget Would Fund 9 Combat Ships Jane Edwards May 17, 2017 Latest News, Resources 76 Views President Donald Trump’s budget blueprint for fiscal 2018 would allocate $603 billion in funds for defense, Bloomberg reported Wednesday. Government officials told Bloomberg that the proposed defense budget would appropriate funds for the acquisition of nine warships that include the addition of one DDG-51 Flight III guided-missile destroyer ship built by Huntington Ingalls Industries and General Dynamics. Trump’s defense budget would also procure enough Raytheon-built Tomahawk cruise missiles to keep the company’s Arizona-based plant operational and more precision-guided munitions from Boeing, Raytheon and Lockheed Martin. The fiscal 2018 budget request would not deviate from the Obama administration’s plan to procure 14 Boeing-made F/A-18E/F Super Hornet aircraft and 70 Lockheed-built F-35 fighter jets, according to the officials. Trump is expected to send his proposed budget to Congress by May 23, the report added. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Boeing Congress cruise missile DDG-51 Flight III Donald Trump F-35 F/A-18E/F Super Hornet featured General Dynamics govcon guided missile destroyer HII Huntington Ingalls Industries Lockheed Martin precision-guided munition Raytheon Tomahawk warship Related Articles Former FBI Chief Robert Mueller Appointed Special Counsel to Lead Russia-Trump Campaign Probe May 18, 2017 Report: Germany Seeks Classified F-35 Data from Pentagon May 18, 2017 DoD, Army Vet Michael Bruhn Appointed DTRA Acting Chief, Executive Director May 17, 2017 Check Also NASA to Develop Space-Based Sodium Lidar for Mesosphere Research Project A team of engineers and scientists at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center has obtained  federal … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Former FBI Chief Robert Mueller Appointed Special Counsel to Lead Russia-Trump Campaign Probe Report: Germany Seeks Classified F-35 Data from Pentagon DoD, Army Vet Michael Bruhn Appointed DTRA Acting Chief, Executive Director NASA to Develop Space-Based Sodium Lidar for Mesosphere Research Project USSOCOM, DoD Strategic Capabilities Office to Collaborate on Drone Tech Advancement Effort Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business DSCA Names Lockheed, Raytheon Prime Contractors on Potential $2B Missile Sale to UAE Angie Casper Joins LMI as SVP, Chief Human Resource Officer Booz Allen Names Retired Army General as Senior Exec Adviser, ‘Defense Futures’ Fellow AECOM Lands $177M Navy Contract for Equipment MRO Services; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon-Vista JV Hires Former Juniper, Polycom Execs for Global Gov’t Business Boeing Secures $89M Navy Contract Modification for Super Hornet, Growler Maintenance CACI Secures $349M in National Security Contracts With Fed Agencies; Ken Asbury Comments MTSI Now a 100% Employee-Owned Company; Kevin Robinson Comments Art Richer Named President, CEO of DLT Solutions Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz Fortinet Names Former NSA, Commerce Officials as Directors for Newly Launched Federal Business DSCA Names Lockheed, Raytheon Prime Contractors on Potential $2B Missile Sale to UAE Angie Casper Joins LMI as SVP, Chief Human Resource Officer Booz Allen Names Retired Army General as Senior Exec Adviser, ‘Defense Futures’ Fellow AECOM Lands $177M Navy Contract for Equipment MRO Services; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon-Vista JV Hires Former Juniper, Polycom Execs for Global Gov’t Business @Follow Me Homeland Security Tools Available to Private Sector https://t.co/Zok1CJ3yci #Akatosh #feature13 hours ago Cyberbit to implement security platforms at a government ministries compound in Israel #GovCon https://t.co/N5PKojQPNE14 hours ago .@AerojetRdyne conducts hot fire tests on 3D-printed rocket engine #GovCon https://t.co/4x6au3tRTO14 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Thu,  18 May 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 11.60   -0.10 -0.85%   AAMRATECH 39.00   0.30 0.78%   ABB1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 19.20   -0.10 -0.52%   ACI   4.00   ACIFORMULA 199.60   2.40 1.22%   ACMELAB 114.00   -0.30 -0.26%   ACTIVEFINE 49.80   -0.40 -0.80%   AFCAGRO 56.80   -0.70 -1.22%   AFTABAUTO 66.00   0.30 0.46%   AGNISYSL 25.30   0.30 1.20%   AGRANINS 18.00   -0.60 -3.23%   AIBL1STIMF 8.10   0.10 1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 108.20   -2.40 -2.17%   ALARABANK 16.50   -0.10 -0.60%   ALLTEX 12.00   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 73.80   -0.50 -0.67%   AMBEEPHA 423.90   -4.10 -0.96%   AMCL(PRAN) 216.00   5.00 2.37%   ANLIMAYARN 30.30   0.10 0.33%   ANWARGALV 71.60   1.80 2.58%   APEXFOODS 141.40   1.20 0.86%   APEXFOOT 332.50   -2.30 -0.69%   APEXSPINN 110.30   0.60 0.55%   APEXTANRY 148.50   1.50 1.02%   APOLOISPAT 18.80   -0.20 -1.05%   ARAMIT 385.10   3.90 1.02%   ARAMITCEM 38.20   0.50 1.33%   ARGONDENIM 34.70   -0.50 -1.42%   ASIAINS 20.50   0.40 1.99%   ASIAPACINS 19.50   0.10 0.52%   ATCSLGF 10.50   -0.10 -0.94%   ATLASBANG 132.10   0.40 0.30%   AZIZPIPES 67.40   -1.50 -2.18%   BANGAS 119.00   -2.30 -1.90%   BARKAPOWER 41.80   -0.30 -0.71%   BATBC   5.70   BAYLEASING 25.70   0.20 0.78%   BBS   -0.10   BDAUTOCA 83.20   2.80 3.48%   BDCOM   -0.10   BDFINANCE 19.40   0.00 0.00%   BDLAMPS 176.00   1.80 1.03%   BDTHAI 26.40   0.00 0.00%   BDWELDING 13.30   -0.10 -0.75%   BEACHHATCH 13.00   -0.40 -2.99%   BEACONPHAR 21.20   -0.10 -0.47%   BENGALWTL 47.70   -0.10 -0.21%   BEXIMCO 32.30   -0.20 -0.62%   BIFC   0.00   BRACBANK 74.50   0.40 0.54%   BSC   -2.00   BSCCL   -0.10   BSRMLTD 133.80   0.70 0.53%   BSRMSTEEL 90.70   -0.30 -0.33%   BXPHARMA 106.90   -0.80 -0.74%   BXSYNTH 7.80   0.00 0.00%   CAPMBDBLMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   CENTRALINS 22.30   -0.30 -1.33%   CENTRALPHL 29.00   -0.10 -0.34%   CITYBANK 33.20   -0.30 -0.90%   CITYGENINS 15.10   0.00 0.00%   CMCKAMAL 24.00   -0.40 -1.64%   CNATEX 9.80   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 133.50   -0.20 -0.15%   CONTININS 19.70   0.50 2.60%   CVOPRL 206.70   1.60 0.78%   DACCADYE 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   DAFODILCOM 39.80   0.10 0.25%   DBH   -0.20   DBH1STMF 8.60   0.10 1.18%   DELTALIFE 97.80   -0.20 -0.20%   DELTASPINN 11.20   0.10 0.90%   DESCO   0.10   DESHBANDHU 17.90   -0.20 -1.10%   DHAKABANK 18.60   0.10 0.54%   DOREENPWR 136.50   1.20 0.89%   DSHGARME 346.00   0.00 0.00%   DSSL   0.00   DULAMIACOT 8.00   -0.50 -5.88%   DUTCHBANGL 100.70   0.00 0.00%   EASTERNINS 29.10   -0.10 -0.34%   EASTLAND 21.90   0.10 0.46%   EASTRNLUB 984.00   15.40 1.59%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 7.40   -0.10 -1.33%   EBLNRBMF 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ECABLES 144.50   2.70 1.90%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 24.50   0.00 0.00%   ENVOYTEX 38.00   -0.20 -0.52%   ETL   -0.20   EXIM1STMF 8.00   0.30 3.90%   EXIMBANK 10.90   -0.30 -2.68%   FAMILYTEX 8.40   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 25.60   0.40 1.59%   FAREASTFIN 10.20   -0.20 -1.92%   FAREASTLIF 76.70   -0.90 -1.16%   FASFIN 17.10   -0.60 -3.39%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 11.80   -0.10 -0.84%   FEKDIL 24.80   -0.30 -1.20%   FINEFOODS 27.20   0.80 3.03%   FIRSTFIN 11.60   -0.20 -1.69%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.00 0.00%   FORTUNE 55.10   0.40 0.73%   FUWANGCER 18.80   0.30 1.62%   FUWANGFOOD 15.20   0.10 0.66%   GBBPOWER 23.00   0.10 0.44%   GEMINISEA 578.00   4.70 0.82%   GENNEXT 9.50   -0.10 -1.04%   GHAIL   0.10   GHCL   -0.20   GLAXOSMITH 1462.00   -10.90 -0.74%   GLOBALINS 15.00   -0.10 -0.66%   GOLDENSON 17.40   0.00 0.00%   GP   -2.10   GPHISPAT 43.20   -0.10 -0.23%   GQBALLPEN 94.40   0.90 0.96%   GRAMEENS2 14.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 61.00   -0.50 -0.81%   GSPFINANCE 28.30   0.20 0.71%   HAKKANIPUL 54.00   0.60 1.12%   HEIDELBCEM 470.00   -2.10 -0.44%   HFL   -0.20   HRTEX   0.00   HWAWELLTEX 37.40   0.40 1.08%   IBBLPBOND 971.00   -9.50 -0.97%   IBNSINA 246.00   4.60 1.91%   ICB   0.40   ICB2NDNRB 11.20   0.20 1.82%   ICB3RDNRB 6.90   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.50   0.20 2.15%   ICBEPMF1S1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   -0.50   IFADAUTOS 138.90   3.70 2.74%   IFIC   -0.10   IFIC1STMF 6.70   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 8.10   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   -0.20   IMAMBUTTON 14.10   0.30 2.17%   INTECH 17.30   0.20 1.17%   IPDC   -0.40   ISLAMIBANK 31.40   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 22.80   -0.40 -1.72%   ISLAMIINS 25.00   0.70 2.88%   ISNLTD 17.30   0.00 0.00%   ITC   0.10   JAMUNABANK 17.90   -0.10 -0.56%   JAMUNAOIL 207.50   1.10 0.53%   JANATAINS 10.10   -0.20 -1.94%   JMISMDL 186.30   0.00 0.00%   JUTESPINN 68.30   1.90 2.86%   KARNAPHULI 16.50   -0.10 -0.60%   KAY&QUE 55.00   -1.60 -2.83%   KBPPWBIL 23.20   -0.40 -1.69%   KDSALTD 76.50   0.00 0.00%   KEYACOSMET 14.30   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 412.20   -10.50 -2.48%   KPCL   0.20   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 65.20   -0.30 -0.46%   LANKABAFIN 48.50   -1.30 -2.61%   LEGACYFOOT 22.10   0.00 0.00%   LIBRAINFU 563.80   22.60 4.18%   LINDEBD 1280.00   1.70 0.13%   LRGLOBMF1 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MAKSONSPIN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 22.10   -0.40 -1.78%   MARICO 1029.80   9.90 0.97%   MATINSPINN 39.50   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 8.60   0.10 1.18%   MEGCONMILK 9.70   0.20 2.11%   MEGHNACEM 104.60   -0.50 -0.48%   MEGHNALIFE 55.60   -1.50 -2.63%   MEGHNAPET 9.10   0.10 1.11%   MERCANBANK 16.70   -0.30 -1.76%   MERCINS 19.10   0.60 3.24%   METROSPIN 7.90   0.20 2.60%   MHSML   -0.20   MICEMENT 93.60   0.40 0.43%   MIDASFIN 26.40   -0.20 -0.75%   MIRACLEIND 46.60   2.40 5.43%   MITHUNKNIT 46.30   0.20 0.43%   MJLBD   -0.20   MODERNDYE 220.60   -0.30 -0.14%   MONNOCERA 41.00   1.20 3.02%   MONNOSTAF 573.50   20.30 3.67%   MPETROLEUM 196.00   -3.50 -1.75%   MTB   0.50   NATLIFEINS 174.90   0.20 0.11%   NAVANACNG 68.60   -1.40 -2.00%   NBL   -0.30   NCCBANK 14.80   0.00 0.00%   NCCBLMF1 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   NFML   0.20   NHFIL   1.50   NITOLINS 22.70   1.10 5.09%   NLI1STMF 14.10   -0.10 -0.70%   NORTHERN 500.50   -2.10 -0.42%   NPOLYMAR 103.10   0.70 0.68%   NTC   28.40   NTLTUBES 112.30   -0.20 -0.18%   OAL   -0.20   OLYMPIC 269.30   1.20 0.45%   ONEBANKLTD 20.90   -0.20 -0.95%   ORIONINFU 60.50   1.90 3.24%   ORIONPHARM 48.50   0.00 0.00%   PADMALIFE 40.50   -0.60 -1.46%   PADMAOIL 250.10   -2.50 -0.99%   PARAMOUNT 19.60   -0.20 -1.01%   PDL   -0.90   PENINSULA 23.60   -0.30 -1.26%   PEOPLESINS 21.20   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 7.40   -0.20 -2.63%   PHARMAID 280.20   -2.50 -0.88%   PHENIXINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PHOENIXFIN 25.10   -0.60 -2.33%   PHPMF1 8.20   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 27.40   0.20 0.74%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 6.70   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 68.00   0.80 1.19%   POWERGRID 53.10   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERBAN 12.00   -0.20 -1.64%   PREMIERCEM 91.90   -0.80 -0.86%   PREMIERLEA 18.40   -0.30 -1.60%   PRIME1ICBA 7.60   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEBANK 22.00   -0.30 -1.35%   PRIMEFIN 10.70   -0.30 -2.73%   PRIMEINSUR 18.60   -0.10 -0.53%   PRIMELIFE 54.80   -0.10 -0.18%   PROGRESLIF 60.00   -1.20 -1.96%   PROVATIINS 20.00   0.40 2.04%   PTL   1.30   PUBALIBANK 22.80   -0.10 -0.44%   PURABIGEN 17.30   -0.30 -1.70%   QSMDRYCELL 94.10   1.40 1.51%   RAHIMAFOOD 109.50   -0.30 -0.27%   RAHIMTEXT 307.50   -1.20 -0.39%   RAKCERAMIC 55.50   -0.30 -0.54%   RANFOUNDRY 126.50   5.70 4.72%   RDFOOD 17.10   0.00 0.00%   RECKITTBEN 1524.00   -1.40 -0.09%   REGENTTEX 29.90   -1.30 -4.17%   RENATA 1100.00   3.10 0.28%   RENWICKJA 610.30   -2.10 -0.34%   REPUBLIC 29.60   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 21.20   -0.40 -1.85%   RSRMSTEEL 85.40   -1.20 -1.39%   RUPALIBANK 29.50   0.50 1.72%   RUPALIINS 19.70   0.00 0.00%   RUPALILIFE 40.90   0.20 0.49%   SAFKOSPINN 13.70   0.00 0.00%   SAIFPOWER 42.00   -0.10 -0.24%   SAIHAMCOT 17.10   -0.20 -1.16%   SAIHAMTEX 20.70   -0.40 -1.90%   SALAMCRST 34.50   -0.10 -0.29%   SALVOCHEM 23.90   -0.30 -1.24%   SAMATALETH 27.70   0.70 2.59%   SAMORITA 83.80   0.70 0.84%   SANDHANINS 34.40   -0.10 -0.29%   SAPORTL 40.40   0.10 0.25%   SAVAREFR 69.10   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 13.20   0.10 0.76%   SEMLIBBLSF 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   SHAHJABANK 15.10   -0.10 -0.66%   SHASHADNIM 68.30   -2.30 -3.26%   SHEPHERD 38.70   -0.50 -1.28%   SHURWID 8.50   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 22.30   0.60 2.76%   SIBL   -0.10   SIMTEX 27.40   0.00 0.00%   SINGERBD 181.20   0.30 0.17%   SINOBANGLA 36.60   0.00 0.00%   SONALIANSH 253.00   -8.10 -3.10%   SONARBAINS 16.90   -0.30 -1.74%   SONARGAON 11.60   -0.20 -1.69%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 12.90   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   -1.10   SQUARETEXT 64.80   -0.10 -0.15%   SQURPHARMA 283.60   0.70 0.25%   STANCERAM 63.00   0.20 0.32%   STANDARINS 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   STANDBANKL 10.70   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1425.00   14.10 1.00%   SUMITPOWER 39.10   -0.20 -0.51%   SUNLIFEINS 21.80   0.00 0.00%   TAKAFULINS 19.30   -0.50 -2.53%   TALLUSPIN 10.00   0.00 0.00%   TITASGAS 49.90   0.10 0.20%   TOSRIFA 26.30   -0.10 -0.38%   TRUSTB1MF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 24.00   0.00 0.00%   TUNGHAI 16.20   -0.40 -2.41%   UCB   0.00   UNIONCAP 26.20   -0.10 -0.38%   UNIQUEHRL 54.70   -0.80 -1.44%   UNITEDAIR 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   UNITEDFIN 20.00   -0.10 -0.50%   UPGDCL 165.00   -0.90 -0.54%   USMANIAGL 93.90   0.80 0.86%   UTTARABANK 22.90   0.00 0.00%   UTTARAFIN 57.80   -0.10 -0.17%   VAMLRBBF 8.80   -0.40 -4.35%   WATACHEM 165.00   0.00 0.00%   WMSHIPYARD 37.90   -0.40 -1.04%   YPL   -0.10   ZAHEENSPIN 26.10   0.60 2.35%   ZAHINTEX 19.10   -0.10 -0.52%   ZEALBANGLA 38.70   2.80 7.80%   Latest News Three children drown in Noakhali ponds ESACP at 70 Monaco claim first title in 17 years Philippine Q1 GDP growth slows to 6.4pc Fear of contamination, water supply stopped in Agartala Japan's economy expands annualised 2.2pc  DU teacher loses Tk 0.7m to cheque scam BSEC to investigate Regent Textile, Tung Hai price hike Bangladesh produces 5pc of world chilli output Former FBI chief to probe Trump-Russia ties India approves defence college faculty exchange with Bangladesh TIME - 01:08 pm National DU teacher loses Tk 0.7m to cheque scam Economy Bangladesh produces 5pc of world chilli output World Former FBI chief to probe Trump-Russia ties Stock IDLC Finance records steady growth in returns from Industry’s contribution to GDP up TOP NEWS Three children drown in Noakhali ponds Asian shares mostly lower ‘Gunfight’ kills ‘robber’ in Meherpur No region of Bangladesh to be left behind: PM Karwan Bazar-FDC flyover opens 23 to die for killing four AL men in N'ganj RAB resume Jhenaidah raid Farm wage rates inch up Farm’s share to GDP declines Former diplomat Faruq Ahmed Chy passes away ESACP at 70 May 18, 2017, 12:34 pm The United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) marked its 70th Anniversary at the opening of the annual Commission session in Bangkok on Wednesday, according to a press statement. On this occasion, the Executive Secretary of Read more Monaco claim first title in 17 years May 18, 2017, 12:22 pm Monaco claimed their first Ligue 1 title in 17 years with one game to spare when they beat St Etienne 2-0 at home on Wednesday to bring an end to Paris St Germain's four-year reign as champions. Monaco, who took their Read more Economy Govt even ready for zero taxes to woo investment Planning Minister AHM Mustafa Kamal said Wednesday the government will do everything for the development of the country. "If required, we will bring down tax rates to zero per cent because Uttara to get improved power supply May 18, 2017, 12:28 am Confce on NGOs' role in implementing SDGs Thursday May 17, 2017, 7:23 pm Youths showcase entrepreneurial skills, business plans May 17, 2017, 8:18 pm 'Moghbazar-Mouchak flyover to be opened before Eid' May 17, 2017, 6:13 pm Bangladesh producing 0.35m tonnes sugar against 1.2m tonnes demand May 17, 2017, 4:14 pm Finance China to become biggest investor in Bangladesh with Chevron acquisition China is poised to become the biggest source of foreign direct investment (FDI) in Bangladesh with an imminent acquisition of US company Chevron's local assets. Chinese envoy in Dhaka Ma Mingqiang made this observation Wednesday, adding that China's overflowing funds are SoCBs' provision shortfall widens on higher NPLs UAE dirham celebrates 44 years May 19 Q1 non-performing loans leaps to Tk 734.09 billion Many of local banks face cyber invasions Editorial Dhaka's inglorious plaudits Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, is earning all the negative Dhaka's inglorious plaudits Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, is earning all the negative Op-Ed Accreditation in achieving SDGs Accreditation is an attestation of the competence and impartiality of Accreditation in achieving SDGs Accreditation is an attestation of the competence and impartiality of LNG set to empower Bangladesh economy Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina laid foundation stones on May 06 LNG set to empower Bangladesh economy Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina laid foundation stones on May 06 Freelancing for Women NATURALLY, women look forward to a hassle-free job before opting Freelancing for Women NATURALLY, women look forward to a hassle-free job before opting Stock Stocks slip into red as bank shares fall Stocks returned to the red Wednesday, after a single-session break, as late hours sale pressure wiped out the early gains. Market IFAD Autos leads DSE turnover chart Stocks slip into red after single-session break Most listed NBFIs show better EPS in Q1 Stocks break losing spell DSE comes out of red zone after seven sessions Doreen Power leads DSE turnover chart Selling spree in cement, FIs pulls Dhaka stocks down: Analysis Listed banks show positive EPS in Q1 National India approves defence college faculty exchange with Bangladesh   The Indian central government has approved faculty exchange between defense colleges of Bangladesh and India. The Indian union cabinet Wednesday approved an agreement on exchange between the National Defence College here and the National Defence College in Dhaka, Bangladesh, an official said, according to a report by news.webindia123.com. The objective of the agreement is to institutionalise regular exchange programmes and establish sustainable Two giraffes die at Bangabandhu Safari Park Hamid for integrated efforts to deal cyber attacks PM vows to take BD to desired goal Raintree owners fail to answer journalists' query Inu for zero-tolerance towards child oppressors Hamid felicitates Hasina Hasina’s Homecoming Day being observed NBL donates Tk 60m to PM’s funds Trade and Market US-BD TICFA talks skip crucial GSP revival issue The third round of TICFA talks ended in Dhaka Wednesday without discussing the crucial issue of restoration of the generalised system of preferences (GSP) facility for Bangladesh's products on the US market. However, US Ambassador in Dhaka Marcia Stephens Bernicat told newsmen that extending duty-free and quota-free market access is within the purview of US Congress which decides trade benefits. Commerce secretary Bangladesh gets 11 cos' offers to supply fuel Thrust on homegrown model to build infrastructure Global advocacy demands improved labour conditions in Bangladesh Global unionists urge EU to probe GSP for Bangladesh Central Bank of India trims Q4 net loss Emirates to serve Iftar for customers in Ramadan Chinese drug market bracing for a boost China-Russia trade may reach $80 billion World Indonesia 'rainbow village' turns Instagram hit after paint job A small previously unassuming village in Randusari, Indonesia, unveiled a stunning makeover that is taking Instagram by storm, according to a global media. The village of Kampung Pelangi was allocated 300,000,000 Indonesian Rupiah ($22,522) by the local council committee in order to revamp itself and attract tourists. The bold new color scheme was unveiled at the end of April after members of the community, including the mayor of a nearby village, got involved to paint the houses, the media reported on Wednesday. Much ... US, Europe discuss new laptop ban on flights Dutch king reveals his secret life as co-pilot Three workers die at Qatar Defense Ministry construction site Sci-tech Another large-scale cyberattack underway PARIS, May 17 (Agencies):  Another large-scale, stealthy cyberattack is underway on a scale that could dwarf last week's assault on computers worldwide, a global cybersecurity firm told AFP on Wednesday. The new attack targets the same vulnerabilities the WannaCry ransomware worm exploited but, rather than freeze files, uses the hundreds of thousands of computers believed to have been infected to mine virtual currency. Following the detection of the WannaCry attack on Friday, "researchers at Proofpoint discovered a new attack linked to WannaCry ... Indian cabinet okays 10 nuclear reactors Twitter co-founder returns Thailand has no plan to block Facebook Education The realities of workplace frustration in Bangladesh Human beings are compiled with tons of emotions. These emotions can be of happiness, of depression, of love, of frustration and of various other kinds of mental states. Employees of any organisation are human beings who work to contribute to the economic system of the nation and to improve individual lifestyle, living standards. In a word, employees are considered as working tools by the organisation.   Human beings cannot avoid emotions and therefore, employees deal with their emotions in their working ... Olympiad focuses on Sustainable Development Goals Practising life skills Effective ways of searching jobs Sports NZ beat Bangladesh by four wkts New Zealand defeated Bangladesh by four wickets in the third one-day international (ODI) match of the Tri-series tourney in Dublin, Ireland on Wednesday. The Kiwis made 156 for six off 47.3 overs in reply to Bangladesh’s 257/9 (50 overs).  Brief scores: Bangladesh 257/9 (50 ov) vs NZ 258/6 (47.3/50 ov). With overcast conditions and rain expected in the afternoon, New Zealand captain Tom Latham chose to bowl against Bangladesh at Clontarf Cricket Club Ground in Dublin, the venue's first match between two Full ... Tigers post 257 against Kiwis Army, Navy reach final in Nat’l Hockey RPS beat Mumbai Indians to enter IPL final Health Fear of contamination, water supply stopped in Agartala About 0.5 million people in Agartala town are without drinking water supply from Wednesday as it was stopped by the 50% doctors have hypertension Hot weather boosts up surgical infections Chinese drug market bracing for a boost Entertainment Artist hopes art can help tackle climate change VENICE, May 17: Italian contemporary artist and sculptor Lorenzo Quinn’s latest work is creating a lot of buzz on social media. It is a dramatic visual statement urging people to respond to global warming before it is too late, according to a global media report. ‘Support’ sees two large hands emerge from Venice’s Grand Canal to protect, and as the name suggests, support the historic Ca’ Sagredo Hotel. The hands symbolise tools that can both destroy the world, but also have the ... No more 'Khan' in Malaika Arora! 101-yr-old skydiver jumps from 15,000ft high 'Drone jumper' falls from 1,082 feet Politics Hasina's homecoming day being observed The 37th 'homecoming day' of Awami League President and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina is being observed across Bangladesh on Wednesday in a befitting manner. The Awami League (AL) has chalked out various programmes to mark the day. The party hoisted national and party flags atop party offices across the country in the morning and placed wreaths at the portrait of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman at Dhanmondi in Dhaka. Juba League, Bangladesh Chhatra League and other associate bodies of the AL will also organise ... HC changes Khaleda graft case trial judge BNP can't come out of negative politics: Quader BNP demands AG Mahbubey Alam's removal Country BCL leader stabbed dead in Ctg A local leader of Bangladesh Chhatra League (BCL) was stabbed to death allegedly by some miscreants at Madan Haat in Missing woman found dead in Sylhet Boro cultivators suffer acute labour crisis in Rajshahi div Police arrest 34 in separate drives in Satkhira PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses a function at her official residence Ganabhaban on the occasion of her homecoming day on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina presides over weekly ECNEC meeting at the NEC conference room on Tuesday. –Focus Bangla Photo Road expansion and repair works in Dhaka South City Corporation’s Jatrabari-Kutubkhali-Sonirakhra area are going on in snail’s pace, causing immense sufferings to pedestrians and commuters. – Focus Bangla Voters casting their ballots in FBCCI (Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry) poll at Bangabandhu International Conference Center on Sunday. As many as 1,668 of the FBCCI 1,898 members cast their votes to elect their new leaders. - FE photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina presides over regular meeting of the cabinet on Monday at secretariat. –Focus Bangla Photo more news Philippine Q1 GDP growth slows to 6.4pc May 18, 2017, 12:21 pm Japan's economy expands annualised 2.2pc  May 18, 2017, 12:09 pm BSEC to investigate Regent Textile, Tung Hai price hike May 18, 2017, 11:57 am Taiwan stocks slip on overseas concerns May 18, 2017, 11:40 am All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 97 ISSUES DECLINED 132 Most popular China to become biggest investor in Bangladesh with Chevron acquisition May 18, 2017, 12:33 am The realities of workplace frustration in Bangladesh May 18, 2017, 12:24 am US-BD TICFA talks skip crucial GSP revival issue May 18, 2017, 12:31 am Govt even ready for zero taxes to woo investment May 18, 2017, 12:32 am SoCBs' provision shortfall widens on higher NPLs May 18, 2017, 12:29 am Uttara to get improved power supply May 18, 2017, 12:28 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG BDAUTOCA 73.70 81.00 73.20 80.40 9.09 LIBRAINFU 499.50 543.20 499.00 541.20 8.35 MONNOSTAF 514.60 553.20 515.00 553.20 7.50 IFADAUTOS 125.90 136.50 125.20 135.20 7.39 BDCOM 35.60 38.40 35.80 38.00 6.74 KOHINOOR 398.70 428.90 400.00 422.70 6.02 NCCBLMF1 7.80 8.20 8.10 8.20 5.13 RENWICKJA 583.50 617.90 583.50 612.40 4.95 FINEFOODS 25.30 26.70 25.30 26.40 4.35 SEMLIBBLSF 9.40 10.10 9.30 9.80 4.26 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation BDAUTOCA 73.70 81.00 73.20 80.40 9.09 LIBRAINFU 500.00 543.20 499.00 543.20 8.64 SEMLIBBLSF 9.30 10.10 9.30 10.10 8.60 IFADAUTOS 126.00 136.50 125.20 135.60 7.62 MONNOSTAF 515.00 553.20 515.00 553.20 7.42 PRIMELIFE 53.10 56.30 53.10 56.30 6.03 RENWICKJA 583.50 617.90 583.50 616.60 5.67 KOHINOOR 400.00 428.90 400.00 421.00 5.25 BDCOM 36.10 38.40 35.80 37.90 4.99 ASIAINS 19.60 20.50 19.60 20.50 4.59 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG FAREASTFIN 11.20 11.30 10.30 10.40 -7.14 ILFSL 14.20 14.00 13.00 13.20 -7.04 BDFINANCE 20.70 21.00 19.10 19.40 -6.28 AGRANINS 19.80 19.20 18.00 18.60 -6.06 FASFIN 18.60 19.30 17.40 17.70 -4.84 GSPFINANCE 29.50 29.70 27.90 28.10 -4.75 PRAGATIINS 35.30 35.30 33.50 33.80 -4.25 FIRSTFIN 12.30 12.40 11.80 11.80 -4.07 PREMIERLEA 19.40 19.60 18.50 18.70 -3.61 VAMLBDMF1 8.70 8.60 8.40 8.40 -3.45 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation FASFIN 19.10 19.30 17.40 17.40 -8.90 FAREASTFIN 11.20 11.30 10.30 10.30 -8.04 BDFINANCE 20.90 21.00 19.10 19.30 -7.66 PADMALIFE 43.60 43.60 40.60 40.60 -6.88 SAVAREFR 72.00 72.00 67.50 67.50 -6.25 PIONEERINS 29.30 29.30 27.10 27.50 -6.14 ILFSL 14.00 14.00 13.00 13.20 -5.71 RAHIMAFOOD 115.00 115.00 108.70 109.00 -5.22 SONARBAINS 17.50 17.70 16.60 16.60 -5.14 PRAGATIINS 35.30 35.30 33.50 33.50 -5.10 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Navy Chief Says U.S. Needs More Ships Quickly to Stay Credible by Rosalind Mathieson @RosMathieson More stories by Rosalind Mathieson May 15, 2017, 11:15 PM EDT May 16, 2017, 3:42 AM EDT Other countries like China have boosted spending on navies U.S. Navy is preparing white paper on future ship needs How China and the U.S. Could Deal With North Korea America needs more warships -- and must build them faster -- to keep up with other countries that are spending heavily on maritime prowess, according to the U.S. Navy’s chief of operations. “Pace is an important part of our current world environment, including the security environment,” Admiral John Richardson said Tuesday at a briefing in Singapore. “We have to be mindful that that environment is moving forward at a particular pace and if we’re going to remain competitive we’d better pick up that pace and match it at least, if not exceed it.” Richardson was speaking ahead of the release this week of a Navy white paper, which will outline its future requirements after an era of budgetary constraints. Richardson said in April that shipbuilders should speed up designs to cut the time by as much as half, according to the Breaking Defense news site. “We are getting back into, after decades really, an era of maritime competition,” Richardson said, adding moves by China to match its economic clout with military sway should not be seen as alarming. “At some point you turn to the sea to expand and continue to prosper.” U.S. President Donald Trump is set to release his fiscal 2018 budget next week. He has pledged previously to expand the Navy’s fleet to 350 vessels from 275 now. Trump has created unease among some allies and smaller states in Asia over whether he will continue predecessor Barack Obama’s military rebalancing to the region, which included beefing up the U.S. naval presence in the disputed South China Sea. At the same time, China is ramping up spending on its military and recently launched its second aircraft carrier. ‘Credible Options’ “If you look at just the geography, wherever we are engaged today, where we are involved today, you can see that there is a size part of that,” Richardson said. “To provide credible options, to provide partnering opportunities, you need to be there. Numbers are a part of that solution.” The Navy has sent the USS Carl Vinson carrier group to North Asia, where it has conducted exercises with Japan and other countries at a time of heightened tensions with North Korea. But while it carries a full complement of weaponry, including scores of Tomahawk cruise and anti-ship missiles, radar-jamming aircraft and non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet jets built by Boeing Co., it can’t shoot down ballistic missiles. “We need to be building a navy that is not only larger -- all of the studies that have taken place over the past year or so pretty much agree with that -- but it’s also got to be better,” Richardson said. “It’s not just about numbers, platforms, it’s also about what those platforms can do and then again how they all work together.” ‘More Lethal’ Richardson defended the Littoral Combat Ship program, after two defense secretaries under Obama questioned if the light ship intended for shallow coastal waters could survive in combat and then cut back the numbers planned. The navy has often had an LCS operating out of Singapore into the South China Sea. “The LCS program is improving almost by the day, it’s becoming stronger, more lethal, more survivable, more reliable,” Richardson said. “It embodied this idea of modularity and the ability to improve over its life. We need to take that to the next level. The technology has moved, even since we designed and built the first LCSs.” The LCS and its successor frigate would be one path to deliver on Trump’s pledge to expand the fleet. Still, the Navy will delay by at least a year plans to award a multibillion-dollar construction contract for a frigate meant to succeed the LCS, service officials said earlier this month. Regional Stability “There is a lot of discussion about small-surface combatants, Littoral Combat Ships transitioning to frigates at some point,” Richardson said. “That will be an opportunity for us to step into this new regime, if you will, of building ships that are fundamentally built to modernize over their life.” Singapore is also bolstering its navy. Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen said on Tuesday the country would buy two more submarines to be operational by 2024, adding to two already on order, as it seeks to replace its older fleet. Richardson also attended the International Maritime Security Conference while in Singapore on Tuesday. Mohamad Maliki Osman, Singapore’s senior minister of state for defense and foreign affairs, told the gathering that cooperation was needed to avoid miscalculation amid the military build-up in the region. “The U.S.-China relationship is the single most important factor that underscores stability in the region,” Maliki said. “Strategic cooperation between the U.S. and China over issues such as North Korea brings stability to the region.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil Dow Falls 370 Points, Bonds Rally on Trump Turmoil: Markets Wrap Here's How Markets Are Reacting to the Trump-Comey Turmoil The U.S. Army Wants to Replace Its Helicopters With These Wall Street Wonders What’s Next After Trump Jolts Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . View Powered by Forecast.io Nation/World Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION PODCASTS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Podcasts Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Local Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Navy chief says U.S. needs more ships -- and soon -- to stay credible U.S. Navy Adm. John Richardson, center, speaks during a news conference in Singapore, on May 16, 2017. Bloomberg photo by Nicky Loh Published May 16. 2017 7:12PM | Updated May 17. 2017 1:34AM Rosalind Mathieson, Bloomberg America needs more warships -- and must build them faster -- to keep up with other countries that are spending heavily on maritime prowess, according to the U.S. Navy's chief of operations. "Pace is an important part of our current world environment, including the security environment," Adm. John Richardson said Tuesday at a briefing in Singapore. "We have to be mindful that that environment is moving forward at a particular pace and if we're going to remain competitive we'd better pick up that pace and match it at least, if not exceed it." Richardson was speaking ahead of the release this week of a Navy white paper, which will outline its future requirements after an era of budgetary constraints. Richardson said in April that shipbuilders should speed up designs to cut the time by as much as half, according to the Breaking Defense news site. "We are getting back into, after decades really, an era of maritime competition," Richardson said, adding moves by China to match its economic clout with military sway should not be seen as alarming. "At some point you turn to the sea to expand and continue to prosper." President Donald Trump is set to release his fiscal 2018 budget next week. He has pledged previously to expand the Navy's fleet to 350 vessels from about 272 now. Trump has created unease among some allies and smaller states in Asia over whether he will continue predecessor Barack Obama's military rebalancing to the region, which included beefing up the U.S. naval presence in the disputed South China Sea. At the same time, China is ramping up spending on its military and recently launched its second aircraft carrier. "If you look at just the geography, wherever we are engaged today, where we are involved today, you can see that there is a size part of that," Richardson said. "To provide credible options, to provide partnering opportunities, you need to be there. Numbers are a part of that solution." The Navy has sent the USS Carl Vinson carrier group to North Asia, where it has conducted exercises with Japan and other countries at a time of heightened tensions with North Korea. But while it carries a full complement of weaponry, including scores of Tomahawk cruise and anti-ship missiles, radar-jamming aircraft and non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet jets built by Boeing, it can't shoot down ballistic missiles. "We need to be building a navy that is not only larger -- all of the studies that have taken place over the past year or so pretty much agree with that -- but it's also got to be better," Richardson said. "It's not just about numbers, platforms, it's also about what those platforms can do and then again how they all work together." Richardson defended the Littoral Combat Ship program, after two defense secretaries under Obama questioned if the light ship intended for shallow coastal waters could survive in combat and then cut back the numbers planned. The Navy has often had an LCS operating out of Singapore into the South China Sea. "The LCS program is improving almost by the day, it's becoming stronger, more lethal, more survivable, more reliable," Richardson said. "It embodied this idea of modularity and the ability to improve over its life. We need to take that to the next level. The technology has moved, even since we designed and built the first LCSs." The LCS and its successor frigate would be one path to deliver on Trump's pledge to expand the fleet. Still, the Navy will delay by at least a year plans to award a multibillion-dollar construction contract for a frigate meant to succeed the LCS, service officials said earlier this month. "There is a lot of discussion about small-surface combatants, Littoral Combat Ships transitioning to frigates at some point," Richardson said. "That will be an opportunity for us to step into this new regime, if you will, of building ships that are fundamentally built to modernize over their life." Singapore is also bolstering its navy. Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen said on Tuesday the country would buy two more submarines to be operational by 2024, adding to two already on order, as it seeks to replace its older fleet. Richardson also attended the International Maritime Security Conference while in Singapore on Tuesday. Mohamad Maliki Osman, Singapore's senior minister of state for defense and foreign affairs, told the gathering that cooperation was needed to avoid miscalculation amid the military build-up in the region. "The U.S.-China relationship is the single most important factor that underscores stability in the region," Maliki said. "Strategic cooperation between the U.S. and China over issues such as North Korea brings stability to the region." Bloomberg contributors: Jason Koutsoukis Tony Capaccio and Keith Zhai     Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Scenes from Coast Guard Academy commencement 2017 2 Trump protesters, supporters gather while judge hears permit complaint 3 President Trump thanks Coast Guard Academy Class of 2017, takes on critics 4 Norwich police charge auto parts employee with processing fake product returns 5 Special counsel abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties 6 Yankees tee off on Jason Vargas in 11-7 romp over Royals 7 Norwich students tackle stresses, social issues 8 N.Y. woman, New Hampshire man among those on plane missing in Bermuda Triangle 9 Norwich police arrest sex offender for not verifying address 10 Williams girls' lacrosse collects the hardware with SENE title MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Scenes from Coast Guard Academy commencement 2017 2 President Trump's commencement address at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy 3 Over 30 years of caring 4 Catching up with Coast Guard Academy graduates from southeastern Connecticut 5 Presidential protest remains peaceful MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Connecticut Democrats would slash municipal aid, allow casino, legalize pot 66 2 Memo: Trump asked FBI's Comey to shut down Flynn investigation 43 3 Protesters, Trump supporters gearing up for Wednesday 41 4 Trump claims 'absolute right' to share info with Russia 37 5 President Trump thanks Coast Guard Academy Class of 2017, takes on critics 27 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:08 GMT, May 18, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness Russia’s Putin, India’s Modi to attend ‘most intensive’ St. Petersburg International Economic Forum Published time: 17 May, 2017 00:56 Get short URL © AFP The upcoming 21st International Economic Forum in St. Petersburg, featuring Russian President Vladimir Putin, Indian PM Narendra Modi and Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern, will provide the most intensive program in the event’s history, the organizers said. The St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) is scheduled to take place June 1-3 in Russia’s second-largest city, often also regarded as the country’s cultural capital.  READ MORE: Putin, Modi to join session hosted by NBC’s Megyn Kelly at St. Petersburg economic forum “A plenary session with the participation of Russian President Vladimir Putin, Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and Federal Chancellor of Austria Christian Kern, set to take place on June 2, will be the central event [of the forum],” said Anton Kobyakov, Russian presidential advisor and executive secretary of the SPIEF organizing committee. Read more Davos agenda to be ‘reflected’ at 2017 intl’ economic forum in St. Petersburg – organizer to RT Some 39 ministers from 26 countries have confirmed their participation in the forum, with a total estimated number of participants, including businessmen and representatives of various international organizations, exceeding 5,000, he added.   International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) director general Yukiya Amano, Saudi Energy Minister Khalid Fatih, the heads of 250 foreign companies, including BP, Total and Boeing, are among those expected to arrive in St. Petersburg.    More than 70 Russian regional heads and over 700 of the country’s companies have also signed up to discuss key global economic and financial issues with international partners. SPIEF is known to be a major deal-making event, with $17 billion worth of deals not subject to commercial secrecy made in 2016. According to Kobyakov, this year’s SPIEF promises the most intensive program in the forum’s history, with a total of 108 business events planned. READ MORE: Investment funds worth $10 trillion center stage at 2016 St. Pete Economic Forum “The program for the 2017 Forum reflects current economic trends in Russia and the challenges facing the global economy today. The discussion will focus on the current status of the international economic system and the prospects for its sustainable development, the search for the best paths toward solving pressing problems, and how to make use of emerging opportunities,” he said. Sessions dedicated to the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), BRICS, the B20 International Trade and Investment Forum as well as sessions of the Valdai Club are also on the agenda. The SPIEF Investment & Business Expo will showcase Russian and international investment projects during the forum in St. Petersburg. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Study: House ObamaCare bill cuts $43B in Medicaid funds for children Healthcare — 2h 58m ago ‘Art of the Deal’ co-writer: Trump in ‘significant meltdown’ Administration — 3h 44m ago Dems walk tightrope on impeachment House — 3h 49m ago Bharara tweets out definition of ‘backfired’ News — 4h 21m ago ABC addresses conservative petition to save ‘Last Man Standing’ Blog Briefing Room — 4h 30m ago Turkish violence in Washington presents new Trump headache Administration — 4h 44m ago Turkish embassy calls violent clash with protesters in DC 'self-defense' International — 4h 48m ago Flynn delayed ISIS attack plan that Turkey opposed: report Blog Briefing Room — 4h 49m ago view all   Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults By Ellen Mitchell - 05/16/17 08:10 PM EDT 2   © Getty THE TOPLINE: TRUMP ASKED COMEY TO END FLYNN INVESTIGATION: Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the federal investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn in February, the New York Times reported Tuesday. Comey wrote in a memo shortly after the meeting that Trump told him "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go," the report said. The meeting reportedly took place one day after Flynn resigned. Corey's memo was part of an effort to create a paper trail documenting Trump's influence on the investigation. The White House denied the memo's version of events in a statement to the Times, writing: "This is not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation between the president and Mr. Comey." The Hill's Jordan Fabian has more on the report here.   The Times report sparked a new firestorm.  House Oversight Committeee Chairman Jason ChaffetzJason ChaffetzFive things to know about the Justice Department’s choice for special counsel Chaffetz sees no 'actual crime' for special Russia prosecutor to investigate Committees clamor for Comey's testimony MORE (R-Utah) said he would be open to subpoenaing the Comey memos. Sen. Lindsey GrahamLindsey GrahamSecond Senate committee invites Comey to publicly testify Committees clamor for Comey's testimony Second Senate panel to invite Comey to testify MORE (R-S.C.), who chairs a Senate Judiciary subcommittee, asked Comey to testify. Dem lawmakers voiced outrage over the claims, with some ramping up calls for a special prosecutor to investigate alleged Trump campaign ties to Russia. Others questioned if the president's actions with Comey amounted to obstruction of justice. Senate Minority Leader Charles SchumerCharles SchumerFive things to know about the Justice Department’s choice for special counsel Overnight Defense: Justice Department appoints special counsel for Russia probe | Fallout from Comey memo continues | Trump admin renews Iran sanctions relief Special prosecutor appointment gets bipartisan praise MORE (D-N.Y.) said the country was "being tested in unprecedented ways." And Independent Sen. Angus KingAngus KingOvernight Cybersecurity: Questions mount over N. Korea's ties to ransomware attack | House passes cyber crime bill | NSA leakers plan to release more hacking tools Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults Independent senator: Impeachment could be considered MORE (Maine) said "reluctantly" that impeachment could be on the table.   THE OTHER BIG STORY... WHITE HOUSE DEFENDS SHARING INFO WITH RUSSIA The White House on Tuesday tried to contain the fallout from reports that President Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian officials continued on Tuesday. President Trump started the day by taking to Twitter. The Hill's Jordan Fabian has the story: President Trump on Tuesday defended revealing sensitive information to top Russian diplomats, saying in pair of early morning tweets that he has an "absolute right" to do so. Trump tweeted that he shared the information with the Russians for "[h]umanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism." He said he wanted to provide Russia with "facts pertaining...to terrorism and airline flight safety," something that he has "the absolute right to do" as commander in chief. Trump also vented his frustration that, once again, details from his conversations with foreign dignitaries leaked to the press. Click here for more.   Trump's national security adviser also addressed reporters at the White House briefing, insisting the president did nothing wrong. More from Jordan: National security adviser H.R. McMaster on Tuesday said President Trump did not jeopardize intelligence assets by revealing highly sensitive information to Russian officials, adding that Trump did not know where the intel came from. Speaking to reporters at the White House, McMaster disputed the "premise" of media reports that Trump put intelligence sources in jeopardy by disclosing the information, saying it was "wholly appropriate" for the president to discuss. "The president in no way undermined sources or methods in the course of this conversation," he said, adding that the information could be found in "open-source reporting."   McMaster said Trump could not have endangered national security because he did not even know the source of the information he discussed. "The president wasn't even aware of where this information came from," he said. "He wasn't briefed on the source." Click here for more. McMaster may have his own problems in the White House. A New York Times report claimed Trump had called the top adviser a "pain" who talked too much. More on that here.   DEM REACT: Those statements did little to calm Democrats. Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) called on Trump to provide Congress with "a transcript of the meeting with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador available to the congressional Intelligence Committees as soon as possible." He added that if Trump "has nothing to hide, he should direct that the transcript of the meeting be made available."  The Hill's Jordain Carney has more of the story here.   THE INTEL CAME FROM ISRAEL: Citing one current and one former official familiar with U.S. intelligence gathering, the Times reported on Tuesday that the information Trump shared with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister about a terror plot involving the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) came from the Israelis. Read more here. One report claimed Israeli intelligence was "boiling mad" over the disclosures. Read more on that here. A European officials said their country might stop sharing some intel with the U.S. More on that here.    REPUBLICAN REACT: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnellMitch McConnellRepublicans consumed by Trump-Comey saga Committees clamor for Comey's testimony Overnight Defense: Justice Department appoints special counsel for Russia probe | Fallout from Comey memo continues | Trump admin renews Iran sanctions relief MORE (R-Ky.) said Tuesday that he isn't concerned about Trump's handling of classified information. The Hill's Jordain Carney has the rest here. But Sen. John McCainJohn McCainTurkish violence in Washington presents new Trump headache McCain: Talk of impeaching Trump not ‘rational’ Senate panel approves bill allowing some border patrol agents to skip polygraphs MORE (R-Ariz.), the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said that "reports that the President shared sensitive intelligence with Russian officials are deeply disturbing." Click here for more. Republican Sen. Susan CollinsSusan CollinsFive things to know about the Justice Department’s choice for special counsel Special prosecutor appointment gets bipartisan praise The Hill's 12:30 Report MORE (Maine) said the White House needs to brief the Senate Intelligence Committee over the allegations. Read more here. House Intel Committee members did get their own briefing on Tuesday from the head of the CIA. Read more here.    WHY THE NAVY IS SWITCHING FROM 'GODDAMNED STEAM' CATAPULTS: A digital launch system installed on the new USS Gerald Ford aircraft carrier has become President Trump's newest defense industry target. Trump, who since December has bashed cost overruns in the Lockheed Martin-made F-35 fighter jet and the Boeing-produced Air Force One, recently turned his attention to the Navy's Electro-Magnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS).  Rather than use EMALS, Trump said he told the Navy to return to "goddamned steam" catapult technology to launch aircraft from newly built aircraft carriers, according to an interview he did with Time magazine. But switching the catapult system would cost the Navy millions of dollars extra on a ship already pegged at $12.9 billion, the most expensive vessel in U.S. history, according to defense experts.   Read more here.   GOP SENATORS URGE UN SECURITY COUNCIL ACTION ON NORTH KOREA: A trio of Republican senators is urging the U.N. Security Council to take "immediate and additional actions" against North Korea. "We are encouraged by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) meeting today to discuss the urgency of the threat posed by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)," they wrote in a letter to the council Tuesday. "We urge the UNSC to take immediate and additional actions to increase the pressure on the DPRK and bring Pyongyang into full compliance with its international obligations." The letter was organized by Sen. Cory GardnerCory GardnerLawmakers move to boost transparency of government’s cyber vulnerability disclosure Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults GOP senators urge UN Security Council action on North Korea MORE (R-Colo.) and cosigned by Sens. Jeff FlakeJeff FlakeRepublicans consumed by Trump-Comey saga Senate panel approves bill allowing some border patrol agents to skip polygraphs GOP senator on Comey memo: ‘Republicans can’t be OK with this’ MORE (R-Ariz.) and Marco RubioMarco RubioGOP senators to Turkey: Apologize for DC brawl President Trump, Colombia’s peace is in your hands Sen. Tillis collapses during race, taken away in ambulance MORE (R-Fla.). The Security Council held an emergency meeting Tuesday afternoon in the wake of North Korea's latest missile launch, which experts said represented a significant step forward in its quest for an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Read the rest here.   ON TAP FOR TOMORROW: The House Armed Services Committee will have a hearing on the initial findings of a panel to streamline acquisition at 10 a.m. at the Rayburn House Office Building, room 2118. http://bit.ly/1XlBl5q Newly confirmed Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson will join the service's Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein and other top officials to testify at a Senate Armed Services subcommittee on military space organization, policy and programs at 2 p.m. at the Russell Senate Office Building, room 222. http://bit.ly/2qB5S8T A House Foreign Affairs subcommittee will hold a hearing with outside experts discussing threats to peace and stability in Balkan countries at 2 p.m. at Rayburn 2200. http://bit.ly/2qdPrMl The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee will hold a hearing on pending veterans health and benefit legislation at 2:30 p.m. at Russell 418. http://bit.ly/2qa8sBB A House Armed Services subcommittee will have a hearing on military personnel at 3:30 p.m. at Rayburn 2118. http://bit.ly/1XlBl5q A Senate Armed Services subcommittee will hold a hearing on U.S. military small arms requirements at 3:30 p.m. Wednesday at Russell 232A. http://bit.ly/2qam5ki    ICYMI:  -- The Hill: Pentagon watchdog to review Air Force B-21 bomber's secrecy: report -- The Hill: Schumer distances himself from Trump impeachment calls -- The Hill: GAO: Thousands discharged for military misconduct had mental health diagnosis -- The Hill: Haley: US might look at sanctions on countries aiding North Korea -- The Hill: South Korea: N. Korea ballistic missile program evolving faster than expected -- The Hill Trump will speak to Muslim leaders in Saudi Arabia about radical Islam -- Defense News: US Air Force removes weight restrictions on F-35A pilots. -- Navy Times: Posting nudes online without consent will now get you kicked out of the Navy Please send tips and comments to Rebecca Kheel, rkheel@thehill.com, and Ellen Mitchell, emitchell@thehill.com Follow us on Twitter: @thehill, @Rebecca_H_K, @EllenMitchell23 Tags Charles Schumer Mitch McConnell Jason Chaffetz Lindsey Graham Susan Collins Cory Gardner John McCain Marco Rubio Angus King Jeff Flake   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 First Republicans talk possibility... Republicans are beginning to talk of the possibility that President Trump... 906 Shares 2 Dems walk tightrope on impeachment Democratic leaders have a message for those members of their caucus... 425 Shares 3 Kellyanne Conway cancels Fox... Kellyanne Conway cancelled an appearance on Fox News’ “Tucker Carlson... 297 Shares 4 ‘Art of the Deal’ co-writer: Trump... "I think he's reacting from a survival place," Tony Schwartz said. 276 Shares 5 Previous Homeland Security... Two former Obama Administration officials who served in the Department of... 191 Shares 6 Trump denounces media as White... The White House has been unusually quiet since it became public knowledge... 187 Shares 7 The Comey memo offers no proof for... OPINION | We need to move beyond the hyperventilated pronouncements of... 186 Shares 8 Flynn delayed ISIS attack plan... Former national security adviser Michael Flynn pushed to delay a plan to... 164 Shares 9 Turkish violence in Washington... A violent attack blocks from the White House that left nine protestors... 156 Shares 10 Report: Obama told friends Trump... Former President Barack Obama reportedly told friends shortly after... 138 Shares 11 Dem calls for Trump impeachment on... Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) called for President Trump to be impeached from... 119 Shares 12 Justice names special counsel for... The Justice Department has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as... 117 Shares 13 Chaffetz sees no 'actual crime'... "I don't think they should have actually appointed somebody," Chaffetz... 104 Shares 14 Report: Trump knew Flynn was under... President Trump's transition team was told ahead of his inauguration that... 100 Shares 15 Majority Leader McCarthy in 2016... House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) accused President Trump of... 91 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Honeywell launches $100 million venture fund Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Wed May 17, 2017 | 2:45pm EDT Honeywell launches $100 million venture fund By Ankit Ajmera Honeywell International Inc launched a $100 million investment fund on Wednesday that will focus on technology startups. Aerospace will be one of the key focus areas of the fund, said Murray Grainger, managing director of Honeywell Venture Capital LLC, which is based in Menlo Park, Silicon Valley. "We will be looking at technologies that both enhance our core innovations, but then also look at anything that could potentially be disruptive," Grainger said. Honeywell, like rival General Electric Co, has been working on a range of connected technologies, which marry software and analytics with industrial products. One such example is Honeywell's GoDirect maintenance services program, which flags critical faults in an aircraft that needs to be repaired and shares it with an airline's operations and maintenance centers. GoDirect is part of Honeywell's connected aircraft services, which uses high-speed internet connections to send, receive and analyze data from an airplane's components and equipment. The aerospace systems business, Honeywell's biggest by revenue, makes auxiliary power units and aircraft engines as well as turbochargers for passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Honeywell joins construction and mining equipment maker Caterpillar Inc, Scotch tape and Post-it notes maker 3M Co and Boeing Co in setting up a venture capital fund that invests in start-ups across the world. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Exclusive: Private equity firm TPG near deal for cable operator Wave - sources Private equity (PE) firm TPG Global LLC is nearing a deal to buy regional broadband operator WaveDivision Holdings LLC for more than $2 billion, including debt, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. Tata pension deal raises questions for Thyssenkrupp merger FRANKFURT/LONDON, Germany A Tata Steel deal to separate its 15 billion-pound ($19 billion) UK pension scheme still leaves many questions unanswered for a potential merger with Thyssenkrupp's European steel operations, a source close to Thyssenkrupp said. Ubisoft more attractive for Vivendi as shares fall A slide in Ubisoft's shares on Wednesday has revived talk of a takeover by media giant Vivendi , even though the video game company's founding Guillemot family has consistently rejected any possibility of such a deal. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Honeywell launches $100 million venture fund By Reuters Published: 14:38 EDT, 17 May 2017 | Updated: 14:38 EDT, 17 May 2017 e-mail By Ankit Ajmera May 17 (Reuters) - Honeywell International Inc launched a $100 million investment fund on Wednesday that will focus on technology startups. Aerospace will be one of the key focus areas of the fund, said Murray Grainger, managing director of Honeywell Venture Capital LLC, which is based in Menlo Park, Silicon Valley. "We will be looking at technologies that both enhance our core innovations, but then also look at anything that could potentially be disruptive," Grainger said. Honeywell, like rival General Electric Co, has been working on a range of connected technologies, which marry software and analytics with industrial products. One such example is Honeywell's GoDirect maintenance services program, which flags critical faults in an aircraft that needs to be repaired and shares it with an airline's operations and maintenance centers. GoDirect is part of Honeywell's connected aircraft services, which uses high-speed internet connections to send, receive and analyze data from an airplane's components and equipment. The aerospace systems business, Honeywell's biggest by revenue, makes auxiliary power units and aircraft engines as well as turbochargers for passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Honeywell joins construction and mining equipment maker Caterpillar Inc, Scotch tape and Post-it notes maker 3M Co and Boeing Co in setting up a venture capital fund that invests in start-ups across the world. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party after Cannes Film Festival opening gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule red carpet as the Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling star... but there's ALREADY been a wardrobe malfunction! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Red hot! Penelope Cruz has Baywatch moment while hitting pool in crimson one-piece... as she enjoys break from filming American Crime Story Peep show! Kendall Jenner strips down to skimpy lacy underwear for psychedelic La Perla campaign Flaunted her assets in skimpy undies Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Marion Cotillard dazzles in two glamorous ensembles as her new movie Ismael's Ghosts premieres on opening night of Cannes  Tum-thing amazing! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Rocked a revealing bra Little Mix's Jesy Nelson puts on racy display in plunging bra and knickers as she poses with 'sidekick' Leigh-Anne Pinnock in cheeky Instagram post 'He's nervous in an excited, good way!' George Clooney is 'hunkering down' in England until birth of twins Two is the magic number 'You're famous enough!' Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd BANS her from breastfeeding on social media... as fans call for Mummy Diaries spin-off  The HI life! Margot Robbie looks thrilled as she enjoys a picnic with Tom Ackerley during romantic day in Hawaii Enjoyed a cute picnic in Hawaii  Abs-ey Clancy! BNTM judge goes braless beneath sheer crochet crop top with jeans as she tends to NAKED contestants on Cape Verde beach shoot MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in thong as she floods Instagram with holiday snaps from her sixth getaway in five months One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony Julianne Moore wows in stunning scarlet dress with intricate feather detail as she commands attention at Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Jessica Chastain looks stunning in Gothic-inspired strapless gown as she arrives at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads Newly engaged Eva Herzigová dazzles in gold gown as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Naomie Harris brings a rainbow to the red carpet as she dazzles in candy striped gown at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Lifeguard legs! Kelly Rohrbach shows off chiseled pins in high-cut white dress as she swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! ahead of Baywatch release Dressed to kill: LISA SNOWDON on how you are never too old for bikinis (as long as you wear big knickers) The Dude abides! Jeff Bridges sells Montecito villa with vineyard and orchid greenhouse for $15.9m, almost half the asking price from two years ago Wonder who she Scott them from? Bella Thorne shows off huge bouquet of flowers sent by mystery admirer Every rose has is thorn. And it looked like Scott 'Please send healing prayers': Chloe Lattanzi shares an emotional tribute to her mother Olivia Newton-John as she battles a spinal and nerve condition Golden girl! Kate Moss steals the show in shimmering sheer maxi dress and velvet blazer as she hosts glamorous launch of her new jewellery collection  Jonathan Cheban brought Kardashian family to Mexican restaurant ONE DAY after it reopened following cockroach infestation What a transformation! Penelope Cruz channels Donatella Versace in tight red dress and blonde wig to film scenes for Gianni Versace biopic Felicity Jones 'is engaged to film director beau Charles Guard after two years of dating' The 33-year-old star said: 'Yes' 'I am really proud of Miley': Five years sober Demi Lovato commends alleged feud-mate Cyrus after she stopped using drink and drugs Offered supportive words Love in the air? The Leftovers star Margaret Qualley, 22, rumored to be dating Beasts Of No Nation director Cary Fukunaga, 39 A new rumoir That's cheeky! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray barely covers her modesty as in a G-string during bizarre 'workout'... after THAT naked selfie Harry Styles takes to the stage for exclusive Los Angeles gig... as girlfriend Tess Ward speaks out after hateful comments from his fans Monochrome magnificence: Rumer Willis nails Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) in Lip Sync Battle sneak peek The 28-year-old daughter of Bruce Willis  New hair, don't care! Katie Price unveils bubblegum pink 'do after teasing transformation... just hours after going on Loose Women with brunette locks How Emma Stone introduced Taylor Swift to her 'charismatic' new man dubbed 'a quintessential panty dropper' who has wowed leading ladies That's her secret! Cameron Diaz shows off her youthful face as she picks up some organic treats at Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Eating well Jessie Wallace is casually chic in chiffon shirt and trendy shades as promotes spin-off series Redwater at BBC Radio 2 with Shane Richie Rose Byrne stuns in glamorous new photoshoot... as she speaks out about 'misogynistic' comedies where women are 'always the nagging one' Short and booty-ful! Ariel Winter heads to the hair salon dressed in a VERY revealing pair of black denim cut-offs Karrueche Tran celebrates BFF J.Ryan La Cour's 30th birthday party with Christina Milian in WeHo Chris Brown did not get an invite   In it for the Long(oria) haul! Busty Eva shows no sign of fatigue as she leads the glamour at Edinburgh's Global Gift Gala... just hours after hosting event in Paris She's the belle of THIS ball! Vogue Williams wows in blue strapless gown at the Edinburgh Global Gift Gala... after being 'banned' from Pippa's wedding  Josie Gibson shows off her flawless hourglass frame as she oozes Hollywood glamour in classic gown at Global Gift Gala in Edinburgh The Global Gift that keeps on giving! Ashley James dazzles in futuristic sequinned gown as she attends Eva Longoria's second charity fundraiser Going for a spin! Mariska Hargitay shows off her white tulle overcoat while posing on the red carpet at the star-studded Paley Honors event Meghan Markle gets into UK and is whisked straight to Kensington Palace ahead of Pippa's weekend wedding Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas is joined by wife Daniella Semaan as they support Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez's partners at Barcelona store launch  James Corden set to return as 2018 Grammy Awards host in New York City after emceeing show in February Suits her well! Rumer Willis steps out in angelic all-white ensemble to support mental health awareness month in LA Angelic in a white suit  Nicole Murphy shows off curvaceous figure in maxi dress while dropping her pampered pups before shopping with mom Shopping with her mum 'She's head over heels': Katie Holmes 'is tired of hiding romance' with Jamie Foxx as it's revealed duo are 'very serious' after rendezvous in Paris 'We're all doing great': Cheryl breaks her silence on motherhood and jokes about baby son Bear PEEING on her as she returns to social media Amber Rose 'slept while intruder broke into her house and stayed for four hours'... but nothing was stolen Made a shocking discovery  Keeping her close! Protective Ruby Rose places an arm around girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as the besotted pair stroll together in Los Angeles Getting the chop! Elsa Pataky debuts her new micro bob as she pouts for the camera in fun selfie Elsa Pataky debuted her new micro bob Liv Tyler puts on sophisticated display in elegant lace top and black tuxedo jacket as she supports pal Kate Moss at launch of her new jewellery range That's something to smile about! Yahya Abdul-Mateen beams as he gets driven to the set of superhero film Aquaman in a limo Driven to work She's a real page turner! Ashley Graham displays hourglass figure in black cutout dress at New York book signing Showed confidence Justice served, twice! Victoria brings her sister Madison to Pirates Of The Caribbean celebration in Beverly Hills Four years her senior 'They've been inseparable': Joanna Krupa is 'feeling things out' with restaurateur Nico Santucci... just weeks after split with Romain Zago Love can't wait! Joy-Anna Duggar and fiance Austin Forsyth move wedding to this weekend instead of original October date Summer ready! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in patterned red, white and blue skirt... after talking the future of Big Little Lies She's booty-ful! Wild haired Sofia Vergara shows off her incredible figure in tight jeans for shopping outing Enjoyed some retail therapy with a friend hirley Ballas is spotted for the first time since being announced as the new head judge on Strictly as she cheers on her dancer son Mark in LA stage show Ex On The Beach star Jess Impiazzi puts on a VERY eye-popping display in low-cut scarlet gown as she makes titillating arrival at Guide Dogs Awards 'I want to inspire people and find a solution': Chris Hemsworth announces his new environmental role to protect the ocean from plastic Quick pick me up! Vanessa Hudgens looks cute in a crop top and military boots as she grabs coffee in West Hollywood Firing Blanks! Tori Spelling, 44, works on shedding post-baby weight in birthday workout with Tai Bo fitness guru Billy It's slipping off Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shares seductive shot of herself wearing a sheer black one-piece swimsuit Even her backpack is expensive! Khloe Kardashian models $2k Louis Vuitton book bag after loved-up visit to beau Tristan Thompson Bikini-clad Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible toned figure and ample cleavage in bondage inspired two-piece ahead of Cannes Film Festival She won't go under the knife! Katie Holmes 'refuses to give in to Hollywood plastic surgery pressure' as 40th birthday creeps up A bump in The Hills: Pregnant Whitney Port goes comfortable in denim jacket and leggings as she takes stroll through Beverly Hills Holly Willough-BUM-by! Television presenter shows off her very pert derriere in a very sexy pair of skinny jeans as she leaves restaurant She's got it all The nice middle-class girl who's shattered millions of teen hearts: Harry Styles' clean-eating guru girlfriend Tess Ward was outed when she wore the star's Gucci shirt Somber Rosario Dawson emerges for the first time since 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' She's doing it Wright! Busty Kate accentuates her assets in form fitting white top and fitted skirt as she steps out following sunshine break in Italy Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits church with mother Carole as forecasters warn of weekend downpours (while James squeezes in some shoe shopping) 'As far as I know, she hasn't said yes': Zac Efron denies he is dating stunning Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario after THAT 'kiss' photo They play love interests Is THIS what Pippa's £40,000 'classic with a progressive twist' wedding dress by Ann Summers designer Giles Deacon will look like? 'A sex scene is too easy!' Elsa Pataky says she was 'comfortable' doing takes in the bedroom with real-life husband Chris Hemsworth for their film Horse Soldiers 'We were a family' Growing Pains stars reunite to remember Alan Thicke five months after his death 'Mini-vacation!' Eva Longoria and third husband Jose Baston celebrating wedding anniversary in France Emily Ratajkowski dares to bare as she poses TOPLESS in ornate jewels ahead of Cannes Film Festival opening gala Oh my!  Cara Delevingne covers up her freshly-shaved head with pink and white wig as she continues to film Life In A Year in Canada Sweet treat! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn cool down with a post-school popsicle as they walk home in the sunshine  EXCLUSIVE - 'I sat there crying for 10 minutes': Lisa Vanderpump celebrates China's decision to ban dog meat at annual Yulin Festival after her years of advocacy work Time to ditch the military look, Arnie? Schwarzenegger, 69, harks back to his action hero days in camouflage jacket as he steps out in LA Spicey cracks a smile! Melissa McCarthy grins as New Yorkers cheer her on in outtakes from her latest Sean Spicer SNL skit 'My heart is shattered... I'm in shock': Aaron and Nick Carter in mourning over father's sudden death at 65 Those workouts are paying off! Miley Cyrus flashes toned midriff with mom Tish by her side as she 'takes over' NBC this week Back to the office! Sun-kissed Ricky Martin returns to American Crime Story set after a fun day working on his tan at Miami Beach Running Pretty Wild! Julia Roberts and Bear Grylls team up to deliver life-saving vaccines to children in remote African village for Red Nose Day Michelle Williams looks effortlessly stylish in striped smock dress as she arrives in Nice for Cannes Film Festival No bra, no shirt, no worries! Karrueche Tran wears only a jacket for Turner Upfronts in NYC... as she prepares to testify against Chris Brown That was quick! Penelope Cruz swiftly transforms into Donatella with blonde wig (and Spanx) on set of Gianni Versace biopic Did Gigi introduce Taylor to her new British boyfriend? Singer's best friend met middleclass boy from north London on a modelling shoot as he bid for fame in acting Spellbinding! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy look like the perfect couple as they take in magician-illusionist Derren Brown's show in NYC 'He's doing much better': Johnny Depp 'is dating again' following messy divorce from Amber Heard and financial woes Val Kilmer claims prayer healed his oral cancer (despite also getting throat surgery to remove the tumor) Seeing double! Sofia Richie and her friend twin it up as they go undercover post-workout   EXCLUSIVE: 'How Jagger seduced me at 17 behind Jerry's back': Lady Antonia Fraser's daughter breaks her silence about their affair for the first time  'What's wrong with you!?' Jeffrey Tambor EMBARRASSES Ryan Seacrest after host awkwardly mistakes him for deceased actor from Ghost ReBranding? Former bad boy Russell looks every inch the doting dad as he carries daughter Mabel on family day out with fiancée Laura Gallacher Victoria Silvstedt looks chic in classic trench coat and oversized sunglasses as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival 'I didn't enjoy the wedding!' Katie Price admits her lavish £1m nuptials with ex Peter Andre were far from enjoyable as it became 'ridiculous showcase' Now he really is a N*E*R*D! Pharrell receives an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree while giving the commencement address at New York University Hatching a bigger family! Tori Spelling gets surprised as Dean McDermott and five kids give her a baby chick for 44th birthday gift 'I will always be the naked girl on a wrecking ball': Miley Cyrus admits she'll never live down raunchy video and has nightmares about it playing at her funeral Wear it one way Ora-nother! Rita dons two pairs of quirky trousers with a heavy knit blue fleece as she touches down in London Changing it up A day off from her Louboutins! Jennifer Lopez is far from glam in baggy clothes and work boots as she shoots Shades Of Blue in NYC A lord and his lady: Lisa Marie Presley ex Michael Lockwood shares a steamy kiss with mystery blond as the pair get their palms read at Renaissance Faire 'I tried to dance on a stripper pole... and I had a BLAST': Defiant Jennifer Lawrence responds after racy footage emerges of her on wild night out at X-rated club  'I was terrified': Top Gun's Kelly McGillis testifies in court as woman who 'broke into her house and attacked her' goes on trial Jennifer Aniston helps Jimmy Kimmel pull prank on Justin Theroux by wrapping his Mercedes-Benz in a giant Emmy nomination advertisement Justin Timberlake rocks hot-pink sneakers during hand-in-hand NYC stroll with wife Jessica Biel Paris Jackson shares rare photo of brother Blanket, 15, before deleting post... as family prepares for eight-year anniversary of Michael's death Abbey days are here again! Michelle Dockery steps out in NYC sporting a smile... following news that Downton is 'set to begin shooting this autumn' Still a Danish treat! Helena Christensen stuns at 48 as she flashes her flesh in cute baby blue sundress while stepping out in NYC Good Samaritan Donna Air rushes to the aid of an injured gentleman after he falls and hurts his head in the middle of a busy London street  Former presenter  TOWIE's Lauren Pope shows off her long legs in a white flared jumpsuit with a sheer top as she steps out in style Looked full of confidence The billion dollar power couple: Jay Z and Beyonce's combined wealth soars to $1.16bn Jay Z and Beyonce are a billion-dollar couple according to one estimate She means business! Caprice looks stunning in a chic LBD as attends first public event since recovering from brain tumour operation  'Does it make me angry? No': Goldie Hawn, 71, talks ageism in Hollywood as she shows her playful side in Harper's Bazaar shoot Vicky Pattison poses in a bra top for very cheeky phone snap... before sharing topless image of herself in tight jeans Big Little Lies star Iain Armitage takes on Jim Parsons' role in first trailer for Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon He's nine years old The Bluths are back! Arrested Development starring Jason Bateman and Will Arnett is officially renewed for season five on Netflix Cookie kicks back! Taraji P. Henson is seen rapping, singing, and dancing around on set in hilarious viral video - after being secretly filmed by cheeky Empire co-stars 'No-holds-barred, better than ever': Kerry Washington promises lots of drama for Scandal's seventh and final season Dakota Fanning looks out-of-this-world pretty in layered polka-dot dress to plug The Alienist at Turner Upfront presentation EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp demands judge unseal whistleblower testimony in fraud case against ex-managers who claim the actor spent $75m on 14 homes Raiding the piggy bank? Peru Two Drugs Mule Michaella McCollum wears £1495 YSL bag and skintight orange mini to go partying in Liverpool Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her impeccably toned abs and tiny waist in a bandeau bikini as she soaks up the sunshine at Cannes Film Festival 13 Reasons Why I am in Australia! Star of hit Netflix series Katherine Langford touches down in Perth for family visit after runaway success of TV series   Liam Payne reveals he was freaked out by pregnant Cheryl twerking as he discusses the hands-on mum and his desire to name their son 'Arthur' Gisele Bundchen says her husband Tom Brady has suffered multiple unreported brain injuries while playing for the New England Patriots Concussion last year 'Didn't she get the memo?' Demi Lovato is accused of cultural appropriation for wearing dreadlock-style hair in her latest music video Quilty pleasures: Lily Rose Depp wears clingy red patchwork print dress as she leaves her hotel in Cannes  Ready for the opening gala that evening Eva seen something so sterling? Supermodel Herzigová, 44, flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in dazzling silver gown at Cannes Film Festival Princess Sofia of Spain, 10, beams with pride as she celebrates her First Communion alongside her picture-perfect family  Resplendent  'Freedom is no fear': Halle Berry, 50, strips NAKED as she flaunts her incredible figure for inspirational snap Showed off her sensational figure  Scarlet siren: Jessica Chastain exudes elegance in a show-stopping jumpsuit as she joins the 70th Cannes Film Festival jury  Can she be Moore perfect? Julianne, 56, looks ravishing as she shows off her svelte legs in chic mini-dress at Cannes yacht party Classic in black Jimmy Fallon says he was 'devastated' by negative press after he ruffled Donald Trump's hair Stephen Colbert gives CBS its longest winning streak in seven years Taylor Swift's stalker Mohammed Jaffar held on $20K bond for loitering outside her Tribeca apartment Jaffar, who did not attend Tuesday's hearing SPOILER ALERT: Rumours of an affair run rife on Coronation Street as Kevin Webster is spotted meeting Erica Holroyd at a hotel Stealthy meet-up 'It's the easy way out': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, discusses contemplating suicide in tell-all Loose Women interview Difficulty adjusting Talk to the palm: Pixie Lott wears tropical swimsuit with embellished 'baby' jacket as she heads to radio studios Promoting new single Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her hourglass curves in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a girls' holiday in Ibiza £4K surgery spend 'New way of travelling!' Jemma Lucy courts controversy as she goes for ride on the bonnet of a MOVING car... and blames it on her 'sore' bum lift 'The transformation was amazing!': Alexandra Daddario reveals she gained weight to get those ripped abs for her Baywatch bikini 'I just want to be the best father I can be': Matthew Morrison of Glee fame reveals he is expecting a baby with his wife Renee Due in autumn A$AP Rocky's LA mansion burgled by armed robbers that make off with $1.5m worth of gems... but neither the rapper nor Kendall were there Elle Fanning looks effortlessly cute in an A-line teadress as she frolics about in the sea during the Cannes Film Festival In her element Leggy Bella Hadid looks angelic in white plunging silk bralet and matching mini skirt ahead of the Cannes Film Festival opening gala Screen sirens Monica Bellucci and Marion Cotillard get Cannes off to a glamorous start as they dazzle in elegant ensembles at Film Festival photocalls  Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he arrives for War Machine premiere in NYC Poor post-divorce diet? 'Hopefully we can go on!' Reese Witherspoon reveals she is doing all she can to bring Big Little Lies Season 2 to the small screen  It's 'in talks' She's not sweating it! Ivanka Trump steps out in soaring D.C. temperatures wearing a sweater and trousers, after getting a visit from her glam squad Chloe Khan bares painful-looking scars on her legs as she slips into tiny white hotpants after bum lift surgery in Turkey More cosmetic surgery? Co-founder of Little Caesars and TV queen Oprah Winfrey are at the top of Forbes richest self-made women's list The list comprises the 60 wealthiest women 'Couldn't resist!' Phillip Schofield TERRIFIES Holly Willoughby on This Morning during ghost segment... while Peter Andre's paranormal investigation falls flat Lauryn Goodman wears one of her trademark plunging halterneck swimsuits as she gives paddle boarding a go in the Maldives Anne Hathaway emerges from WeHo gym flushed and sweaty in ultra-sheer Nike tank top She has a 14-month-old son  'I didn't know what I was getting myself into': Kylie Jenner flaunts her toned legs in stripped back snaps as she discusses perils of growing up in spotlight 'It's so romantic': Ore Oduba and wife Portia put on a cosy display in Cannes... but leave viewers cringing after VERY awkward chat with Cheryl's ex JB Getting some vitamin sea! Ex On The Beach's Helen Briggs and Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly sport skimpy swimsuits as they hit Ibiza My, what a big bed! Inside Pippa's fiancé's £13m bachelor pad - complete with a four-poster bed,  roof terrace and hot tub... and picture of a topless woman She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston 'It's very bizarre': Tess Ward breaks her silence on Harry Styles romance rumours as she lashes out at hateful comments from his fans Subjected to hate mail Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her curves in a red string bikini in Cape Verde... as fiancé Alex Bowen tattoos her initials on his finger  Ladies' night! Model Ella Ross wows in a bra-baring top as she enjoys night on the town... after rumoured beau Scott Disick is seen taking Bella Thorne to dinner Singer Elle King's husband Andrew Ferguson 'was arrested for domestic violence weeks before she announced secret marriage... then split' Charlie Dimmock reveals how to make ANY garden bloom in time for summer no matter how big or small (plus her tips work for total beginners)  'Matching underwear makes me feel good': Ashley James shows off her toned curves in sheer nude lingerie as she poses for a daring snap  Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... but still lives at home  An A-list actor, a club DJ, a Jonas Brother, a pop star and a former President's great nephew: A look back at Taylor Swift's VERY colourful love life The absolute cheek! Chantelle Connelly flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere as she strips off for sizzling naked shower in Spain Jessica Wright displays her hourglass curves in sexy figure-hugging black dress as she continues Dubai getaway with glamorous night out Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' Supposedly a non-smoker  Now plaid's an arrival! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her toned legs in double breasted blazer-inspired dress as she touches down in Nice for Cannes Film Festival Smiling Lindsay Lohan looks sartorially savvy in biker jacket and skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Flame-haired beauty Princess Beatrice channels off-duty chic in a trendy biker jacket for a night at celebrity haunt Chiltern Firehouse in London Under the radar  'Baewatch moment': Kate Wright flaunts her ample assets and hourglass curves in a skimpy scarlet swimsuit Setting pulses racing in Baywatch red Lily-Rose Depp hits the beach in an orange sundress as she relaxes in Cannes... before enjoying dinner date with co-star Natalie Portman PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross take a night off from their parental duties as they step out arm-in-arm for romantic meal Photogenic couple Cheeky Elizabeth Olsen unwittingly gives onlookers an eyeful as she flashes her derriere in a floral midi dress She's been blessed with an incredible figure Sharon Osbourne 'renews wedding vows with husband Ozzy in intimate Las Vegas ceremony'... a year after rocker's cheating scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend Feeling Friel, Anna? Actress, 40, hides behind large shades as she is seen for the first time since getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Not a Material Girl? Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon keeps it VERY casual in green sportswear as she carries a pink plastic bag through NYC Bat Mum! Make-up free Fergie takes her little Batman Axl, 3, out for pizza in his superhero fancy dress costume  Ice Cream and pizza Newly slender Jonah Hill shows he's managed to maintain his weight loss as he steps out in shorts and a hoodie for solo stroll  Shrinking man Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne has split amicably from furniture-maker Ben  Jourdan Dunn flaunts her svelte frame in plunging black dress for P Diddy film screening... before debuting stunning new pixie haircut on Instagram Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Let's hope it doesn't rain on your big day! Pippa is spotted with her mother Carole overseeing final details at the church (while her fiance shoe shops) Nearly ready? Pippa Middleton's fiance James Matthews pops out for a spot of last-minute shoe shopping before the big day on Saturday Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Jump to main content Jump to navigation We use cookies to improve your experience with our site. Accept and close | More info. nature.com homepage Publications A-Z index Browse by subject Cart Login Register Nature International weekly journal of science SearchGo Advanced search MenuMenu Home News & Comment Research Careers & Jobs Current Issue Archive Audio & Video For Authors Archive Volume 545 Issue 7654 Outlook Article Nature | Outlook Print Share/bookmark Cite U Like Facebook Twitter Delicious Digg Google+ LinkedIn Reddit StumbleUpon Previous article Nature | Outlook Software: Picture perfect Next article Nature | Outlook Materials and engineering: Rebuilding the world Energy: Powering change Neil Savage1, Katherine Bourzac2, Affiliations Journal name: Nature Volume: 545, Pages: S13–S14 Date published: (18 May 2017) DOI: doi:10.1038/545S13a Published online 17 May 2017 Article tools PDF PDF Download as PDF (415 KB) View interactive PDF in ReadCube Citation Reprints Rights & permissions Article metrics Innovators are finding better ways to produce, store and use energy, on Earth and beyond. Accion Systems: A new thrust Accion Systems: A new thrust• Amber Kinetics: Flywheel freedom• Solid Power: Advancing lithium• Author information• Related links Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge Experimental rockets have a tendency to blow up on the launch pad, destroying their builders' plans in a rain of fiery debris. Rocket companies can be similarly explosive, as Natalya Bailey discovered. Accion Systems Accion's ion chips use liquid propellents. In 2010, while working towards a master's degree in mechanical engineering at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, she and three other students founded Asteria Propulsion to commercialize a type of chemical rocket technology. But none of the people involved knew much about starting a company. The founding team neglected to discuss the roles, responsibilities and commitment levels of its members. “When we got into fundraising it became very apparent to anyone who talked with us that the team was a ticking time bomb”, Bailey says. “We very quickly fell apart — it was a disaster. And I thought, OK, that was my foray into entrepreneurship.” Bailey started a PhD in the Space Propulsion Laboratory of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge in 2011 with the intention of becoming a professor, or a researcher in a national laboratory. But when the lab's work on electric space propulsion started to pique the interest of aerospace companies, she decided to try her hand at starting a company again. With fellow student Louis Perna, she founded Accion Systems in 2014. This time, her planning was more focused. Drawing tips from The Founder's Dilemmas (Princeton Univ. Press, 2012), which was given to Bailey by an entrepreneur-in-residence at the Martin Trust Center for MIT Entrepreneurship, her team of five drew up a colour-coded spreadsheet that spelt out everyone's role, and set up a scheme for buying back a person's equity in the company if that person left or didn't fulfil their duties. Accion Systems is developing miniature ion engines that can manoeuvre small satellites. Ion propulsion is not a new concept: NASA launched the experimental ion-engine spacecraft Deep Space 1 in 1998. But Bailey says Accion's ion thrusters are the first to use a liquid propellant — a more-efficient design than a conventional thruster that requires no valves, pipes, pumps or separate ionization chamber. Their fuel is a salt solution. To generate thrust, it is spread across a grid and an electric field is applied. The field plucks ions from the fuel and shoots them through the grid into space in streams thinner than a human hair. Each stream provides a miniscule thrust, but together they are able to accelerate spacecraft to a high velocity. Part of Nature Outlook: University spin-offs The advantage of electric-propulsion engines over chemical rockets, Bailey says, is that they use much less fuel. Although that means electric rockets accelerate more slowly, they also weigh a lot less. Bailey says that Accion's thrusters are ideal for an emerging class of smaller, lighter satellites that are used for applications such as communications and imaging. Older satellites are about the size of a single-deck bus and carry an engine the size of an average family car, but these are giving way to satellites that take advantage of the shrinking size of electronics in general, and weigh between 100 and 200 kilograms, she says. Accion's smallest complete system, including storage tanks, electronics and thruster, is about the size of a packet of chewing gum. The engine for a 200-kg satellite would be larger — about the size of a medium pizza. And whereas previous ion engines were custom-built, Accion relies on established microelectromechanical-systems technology for mass production, which brings manufacturing costs down. Bailey hopes that Accion can deliver products by the end of the year. Gaining initial funding was a challenge. Potential investors were generally more familiar with life sciences or information technology, and Bailey found being a woman in a male-dominated field a challenge. “People make awful comments, and it can be tough,” she says. “On the other hand, being a woman with a PhD from MIT starting a space company, I stand out — I can at least usually get the meeting.” Seed financing came from the Founder's Fund, a venture-capital firm set up by Peter Thiel (the founder of online-payment company PayPal), which is a major investor in the private rocket company SpaceX. Since then, the company has raised US$8.5 million in series A round — the first significant round of venture-capital funding — and received $6.5 million from the US Department of Defense to develop the thrusters. With demand growing for the type of satellite that Accion's thrusters are designed for, Bailey is optimistic about the start-up's future. But burned by her previous experience, she is determined to follow a conservative course. The company is initially focusing on working with established aerospace buyers — Lockheed Martin, Boeing and the US government — rather than riskier newcomers. Bailey found the process of starting a company much smoother this time, partly because of the resources that MIT offers budding entrepreneurs, from the steady supply of ramen and espresso at the centre, to seminars on how to interview potential customers, and networking opportunities with established businesspeople. Bailey and Perna also took part in MIT's Global Founders' Skills Accelerator programme and entered the institute's $100K Pitch competition, which offers the chance to practise pitching in front of a panel. “If there was a service on campus, we used it,” she says. It was helpful to have experienced people to ask questions of, Bailey says. “You run into a lot of silly things and you can Google them, but sometimes it's nice to talk to smart, real people who have been through it before.” Amber Kinetics: Flywheel freedom Accion Systems: A new thrust• Amber Kinetics: Flywheel freedom• Solid Power: Advancing lithium• Author information• Related links University of California, Berkeley There's no such thing as a perpetual-motion machine. But a 2,300-kilogram steel rotor that spins for a few weeks without losing a significant amount of energy is the next best thing. Amber Kinetics in Union City, California, is commercializing flywheel energy-storage systems that can absorb excess electricity from the grid when renewables such as wind and solar are producing more energy than is needed. When demand peaks in the late afternoon, the kinetic energy stored in the spinning rotor can be harnessed — the rotor can be used as a generator to provide up to four hours of electricity. Amber Kinetics Chief operating officer Wei-Tai Kwok and chief scientist Seth Sanders with an all-steel flywheel rotor. Flywheels have been around for hundreds of years. In the past, they could store energy for tens of seconds or a few minutes — good enough to provide a quick burst of power, but not long enough to store energy on the electric grid. “The conventional wisdom about flywheels was that they were not suited to energy storage,” says Seth Sanders, an electrical engineer at the University of California, Berkeley, and co-founder of Amber Kinetics. But his research indicated that this was not necessarily the case, and Sanders thought that flywheels could address a major need — and market — on the electric grid. The spinning discs inside flywheels lose energy to drag from air and to friction. To address this, Amber Kinetics applies a vacuum and magnetically levitates the flywheel — technology that Sanders has been working on at Berkeley since the mid-1990s. The company's current model can store 32 kilowatt-hours of energy. Individual flywheels can be connected like cells in a battery for greater storage. Because the flywheels can store energy for longer than can previous devices, and then release it over a sustained period of about four hours, they can help stabilize the electric grid, says Sanders. Pacific Gas and Electric, which serves central and northern California, will be the company's biggest customer. Californians have long had to endure blackouts in the summer, when many homes and offices switch on the air conditioning. Sanders thinks that Amber Kinetics' technology can help smooth out peaks in demand. The company is in the planning stage for the installation of a flywheel plant in Fresno, California, that can provide 20 megawatts of power for use during peak demand. It has already installed a smaller-capacity system in the Philippines and has a contract for another pilot facility in Hawaii. Solid Power: Advancing lithium Accion Systems: A new thrust• Amber Kinetics: Flywheel freedom• Solid Power: Advancing lithium• Author information• Related links University of Colorado Boulder Rechargeable lithium-ion batteries have powered major changes to the way we live. They have been used in lightweight laptops and smartphones, as well as in sleek electric vehicles. But no major changes have been made to the chemistry of these batteries since they came on the market in the 1990s. They still store the same amount of energy in a given volume and they still have a propensity to catch fire. Sehee Lee, co-founder of Solid Power in Louisville, Colorado, thinks that new types of lithium battery can change this. The start-up is developing batteries with a solid, instead of a liquid, electrolyte. Lithium-ion batteries have two electrodes and an electrolyte, which is typically a flammable liquid, through which ions and electrons travel. Lee, a mechanical engineer and battery specialist at the University of Colorado Boulder, works on solid-state batteries, which use a less-flammable solid or glass as the electrolyte. In 2012, his lab spun out Solid Power to commercialize the work. The hope is that solid-state batteries will need less packaging, and so take up less space and weight in electric vehicles and be less expensive. Batteries in electric cars are surrounded by a metal case to contain fires, cooling systems to keep them in a safe temperature range and a control system to shut them down if anything goes wrong, says Lee. Because solid-state batteries can be charged more quickly than can those that use a liquid electrolyte, they would make electric cars more convenient. Lee has limited involvement in the company's operations, preferring to pursue academic research rather than iron out the engineering and manufacturing details of the battery. “If I were involved in the daily business, I'd be stressed out,” he says. So far, Solid Power has relied on federal funding, including grants from the US Department of Energy. Now, the company is raising private funds and sending prototype batteries out for evaluation. Lee says that it has built standard-size cylindrical batteries of the kind that can be assembled for use in a car. But the manufacturing processes need refining, and it will be a few years before the batteries make their way under the hood of a car. Author information Accion Systems: A new thrust• Amber Kinetics: Flywheel freedom• Solid Power: Advancing lithium• Author information• Related links Affiliations Neil Savage is a science and technology writer in Lowell, Massachusetts. Katherine Bourzac is a freelance journalist in San Francisco, California. Author details Neil Savage Search for this author in: Nature Research journals• PubMed• Google Scholar Katherine Bourzac Search for this author in: Nature Research journals• PubMed• Google Scholar Related links Accion Systems: A new thrust• Amber Kinetics: Flywheel freedom• Solid Power: Advancing lithium• Author information• Related links Accion Systems: Company website Accion Systems: About chief executive Natalya (Brikner) Bailey Accion Systems: Video explaining rocket-thruster technology Accion Systems: Scientific American article on Accion technology Accion Systems: Announcement about first orders Accion Systems: Interview with chief executive Natalya Bailey Amber Kinetics: Company website Solid Power: Company website Additional data Editors' pick Image credit: Ema Peter The high-tech material that could help to cool the planet: Wood buildings are getting safer, stronger, taller and more popular. Science jobs NatureJobs.com Ph.D. Program and Integrated MS-Ph.D. Program of IBS School-UST Institute for Basic Science Chief of Newborn Medicine Mass General for Children at North Shore Medical Center (NSMC) Faculty Position for Research Director of the Animal BSL3 Facility at Duke-NUS DUKE-NUS Medical school Post a job More science jobs Science events NatureEvents Directory Biopharma Innovation Cup 2017 18 June 2017 — 23 June 2017 Germany Visualizing Biological Data (VIZBI 2017) 14 June 2017 — 16 June 2017 The University of Sydney, Sydney, Australia Computational Molecular Evolution 08 May 2017 — 19 May 2017 Hinxton, Cambridge, United Kingdom Post a free event More science events Most read PhD supervisors: be better mentors Nature 10 May 2017 PhD supervisors: invest more time Nature 10 May 2017 Whole-genome landscapes of major melanoma subtypes Nature 03 May 2017 Nature ISSN: 0028-0836 EISSN: 1476-4687 About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature jobs Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About Nature Contact Nature About the Editors Nature awards Search:Go © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, ORCID, CrossRef, COUNTER and COPE
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Govt clears 10 new nuclear reactors in big power push Amid student protests, J&K govt warns: Can’t take exams if low on attendance For ‘bribing’ tax official, Essar-linked trust is under CBI’s scrutiny Kolkata: Barkati sacked as Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque Defamation suit against Arvind Kejriwal: Called Jaitley a crook on client’s instructions, says Jethmalani Home World Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger plane Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger plane This is the first installment of Iran's deal with the French manufacturer after sanctions were lifted under the 2015 nuclear deal. By: AP | Tehran | Published:May 17, 2017 7:16 pm The planes were officially given to Iran Air in a ceremony in Toulouse, where ATR is based Iranian state media says four ATR 72-600s are being delivered, the first installment of a deal with the French manufacturer to purchase 20 passenger planes following the lifting of sanctions under the 2015 nuclear deal. The IRNA news agency said the first plane landed in Tehran early today, with the other three expected later in the day. The planes were officially given to Iran Air in a ceremony yesterday in Toulouse, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalised a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth USD 536 million at list prices, though customers usually negotiate discounts. Since the nuclear deal, Iran has signed billion-dollar deals with Boeing and Airbus to replace and upgrade its aging commercial fleet. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now Tags: ATR Iran Iran nuclear deal No Comments. Best of Express For Anil Dave, work came first. Despite ill health, he spent long hours in office Army gets its first artillery guns three decades after Bofors, will be tested at Pokhran today Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: ICJ verdict today at 3.30 pm OpinionOn triple talaq, court must say: Religious practice cannot trump modern constitutional morality OpinionNobody owns planning, development functions in panchayat samitis, gram panchayats Buzzing Now EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 EntertainmentAnushka Shetty accepts that Prabhas is sexier than Rana Daggubati Entertainment'Reema Lagoo has gone so young': Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor's death TrendingReema Lagoo dead at 59; condolences pour in on Twitter TrendingIn heart-rending video, 13-year-old begged dad for money to treat cancer before death Top News Anil Dave was known for his work on conservation of Narmada river EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after cardiac arrest TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Defence experts demand consular access SportsSRH vs KKR: Knight Riders seal the deal in wee hours SportsBowlers set the game up for us: Gautam Gambhir LifestyleCannes 2017 red carpet: Deepika Padukone looks breathtaking in a Marchesa gown LifestyleCannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's first look in a red floral Johanna Ortiz backless gown TechnologyGoogle I/O 2017: Android O, Android Go, Google Assistant on iOS, and more TechnologyZomato reports massive data breach, 17 million accounts affected May 18: Latest News ‘Reema Lagoo has gone so young’: Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, PM Narendra Modi mourn actor’s death Demonetisation: Kerala govt announces Rs 2 lakh relief for kin of those who died in queues Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts Pakistan hangs four more terrorists convicted by military courts  Monaco wins first French league title in 17 years Most Read HBSE to declare Class 12 results on May 18, Class 10 results by May 20 Reema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 When Baahubali star Anushka Shetty agreed that Prabhas was sexier than Rana Daggubati. Watch video CBSE Class 10, 12 exams 2017: How and where to check results                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mobile Robotics Market Volume Analysis, Size, Share and Key Trends 2017-2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/17/2017 — Global Mobile Robotics Market: Overview Mobile robots are automated machines that are mobile. These robots are capable of moving around without following a fixed path as compared to traditional robots. The rising concern over workspace efficiency is one of the major drivers for the mobile robotics market. In addition, the mobile robotics is also being adopted in defense industry. The mobile robots are extensively used in defense applications such as surveillance, security and inspection. In 2015, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. announced a USD 4 trillion budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Furthermore, The Pentagon also had plans of spending USD 2.9 billion for acquiring unmanned robotic systems. Moreover, the mobile robots are also expected to replace human soldiers in future. Furthermore, implementation of mobile robotics in China is also aiding to the growth of the market significantly. This 104-page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Mobile Robotics market. Browse through 57 data tables and 18 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market. http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mobile-robotics-market-2017-2025.html The increasing demand for efficient manufacturing in China is leading to government initiatives being taken to equip the factories with advanced mobile robots. The province of Guangdong, China has decided to invest USD 154 billion to install mobile robots. Furthermore, major manufacturers like Foxconn also plan to install more than a million robots in the next few years. China is world’s leading producer of a majority of items ranging from clothes to electronics. However, the country primarily depends on low cost and low skilled labors. The rising labor wages and slow economic growth has prompted the government to diversify its workforce and make the manufacturing facilities technology advanced. This factor has resulted into the increasing adoption of mobile robots in manufacturing industries. However, one factor limiting the demand for mobile robotics is the high cost for installation of these robots. Furthermore, purchasing an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is very costly when compared to hiring personnel or buying equipment. In addition, these robots undergo frequent wear and tear due to continuous function and need to undergo regular maintenance. The cost of maintenance is also high for these robots. Moreover, factories with smaller operations might not have access to such huge capitals and hence are unable to afford such robots. However, the falling prices of the components are expected to lower the price of AGVs in future. The high initial cost involved with these robots is expected to hinder the growth of the market moderately during the forecast period. Global Mobile Robotics Market: Segmentation The global mobile robotics market has been segmented by types into unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), unmanned ground vehicle (UGV), unmanned surface vehicle (USV) and autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The UGVs held the largest market share during the forecast period. These robots are now widely used in medical and healthcare segment for delivery of medicines and equipment and instruments. Increasing use of mobile robots in defense is one of the important factors bolstering the demand of unmanned ground vehicles in the global market. Since these vehicles operate autonomously, they can be used to accomplish missions in dangerous, inconvenient and difficult situations. By application, the global mobile robotics market has been bifurcated into industrial and services segment. The service application segment has been anticipated to hold the largest market share. Regionally, the global mobile robotics market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been analyzed to be largest and fastest growing region during the forecast period. The increasing adoption of mobile robots in developing countries such as India and China is aiding to the demand for this market in this region. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors in the global mobile robotics market are iRobot Corporation, Barrett technology, Swisslog, John Deere, Fanuc Corporation, KUKA AG, Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Boeing Company, Seegrid Corporation, Google, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lowe’s Company, Inc. Amazon, Inc., Fetch Robotics, Inc., Omron Adept Technologies, Clearpath Robotics, Inc., Bossa Nova Robotics, Savioke, Aethon, Inc. and Locus Robotics.? Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Mobile Robotics market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=23912 The segments covered in the global mobile robotics market are as follows: By Types -Unmanned Ground Vehicles -Unmanned Aerial Vehicles -Unmanned Surface Vehicles -Autonomous Underwater Vehicle By Application -Industrial -Service By Geography -North America -U.S. -Canada -Mexico -Europe -U.K. -Germany -France -Italy -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -India -China -Japan -Korea -Rest of Asia Pacific -Middle East and Africa -UAE -Saudi Arabia -South Africa -Rest of MEA -Latin America -Brazil -Rest of Latin America CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Masterpass by Mastercard Gives U.S. Bank Customers Freedom to Shop Across Devices and Channels Next PostNext Prudential Financial, Inc. Schedules Conference Call to Discuss 2018 Financial Outlook Search Recent Posts EV Charging Port Equipments Market – Trends and Forecasts from 2017 To 2021 2017 to 2022 Global Polyether Polyols Market Research Analysis Report Commercial Vehicle Exhaust Emission Systems Market: Global Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2017-2021 Automotive Vehicle to Everything (V2X) Market – Global Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Demand for Managed Cloud Increases in Asia-Pacific Cloud Computing Services Market Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Mobile Robotics Market Volume Analysis, Size, Share and Key Trends 2017-2025 Mobile Robotics Market Volume Analysis, Size, Share and Key Trends 2017-2025 Posted on May 17, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/17/2017 — Global Mobile Robotics Market: Overview Mobile robots are automated machines that are mobile. These robots are capable of moving around without following a fixed path as compared to traditional robots. The rising concern over workspace efficiency is one of the major drivers for the mobile robotics market. In addition, the mobile robotics is also being adopted in defense industry. The mobile robots are extensively used in defense applications such as surveillance, security and inspection. In 2015, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. announced a USD 4 trillion budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Furthermore, The Pentagon also had plans of spending USD 2.9 billion for acquiring unmanned robotic systems. Moreover, the mobile robots are also expected to replace human soldiers in future. Furthermore, implementation of mobile robotics in China is also aiding to the growth of the market significantly. This 104-page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Mobile Robotics market. Browse through 57 data tables and 18 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market. http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mobile-robotics-market-2017-2025.html The increasing demand for efficient manufacturing in China is leading to government initiatives being taken to equip the factories with advanced mobile robots. The province of Guangdong, China has decided to invest USD 154 billion to install mobile robots. Furthermore, major manufacturers like Foxconn also plan to install more than a million robots in the next few years. China is world's leading producer of a majority of items ranging from clothes to electronics. However, the country primarily depends on low cost and low skilled labors. The rising labor wages and slow economic growth has prompted the government to diversify its workforce and make the manufacturing facilities technology advanced. This factor has resulted into the increasing adoption of mobile robots in manufacturing industries. However, one factor limiting the demand for mobile robotics is the high cost for installation of these robots. Furthermore, purchasing an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is very costly when compared to hiring personnel or buying equipment. In addition, these robots undergo frequent wear and tear due to continuous function and need to undergo regular maintenance. The cost of maintenance is also high for these robots. Moreover, factories with smaller operations might not have access to such huge capitals and hence are unable to afford such robots. However, the falling prices of the components are expected to lower the price of AGVs in future. The high initial cost involved with these robots is expected to hinder the growth of the market moderately during the forecast period. Global Mobile Robotics Market: Segmentation The global mobile robotics market has been segmented by types into unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), unmanned ground vehicle (UGV), unmanned surface vehicle (USV) and autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The UGVs held the largest market share during the forecast period. These robots are now widely used in medical and healthcare segment for delivery of medicines and equipment and instruments. Increasing use of mobile robots in defense is one of the important factors bolstering the demand of unmanned ground vehicles in the global market. Since these vehicles operate autonomously, they can be used to accomplish missions in dangerous, inconvenient and difficult situations. By application, the global mobile robotics market has been bifurcated into industrial and services segment. The service application segment has been anticipated to hold the largest market share. Regionally, the global mobile robotics market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been analyzed to be largest and fastest growing region during the forecast period. The increasing adoption of mobile robots in developing countries such as India and China is aiding to the demand for this market in this region. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors in the global mobile robotics market are iRobot Corporation, Barrett technology, Swisslog, John Deere, Fanuc Corporation, KUKA AG, Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Boeing Company, Seegrid Corporation, Google, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lowe's Company, Inc. Amazon, Inc., Fetch Robotics, Inc., Omron Adept Technologies, Clearpath Robotics, Inc., Bossa Nova Robotics, Savioke, Aethon, Inc. and Locus Robotics.? Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Mobile Robotics market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=23912 The segments covered in the global mobile robotics market are as follows: By Types -Unmanned Ground Vehicles -Unmanned Aerial Vehicles -Unmanned Surface Vehicles -Autonomous Underwater Vehicle By Application -Industrial -Service By Geography -North America -U.S. -Canada -Mexico -Europe -U.K. -Germany -France -Italy -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -India -China -Japan -Korea -Rest of Asia Pacific -Middle East and Africa -UAE -Saudi Arabia -South Africa -Rest of MEA -Latin America -Brazil -Rest of Latin America For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/mobile-robotics-market-volume-analysis-size-share-and-key-trends-2017-2025-806732.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Latest News Gartner Names Synchrono® a Cool Vendor in Manufacturing Operations for the Second Time National Wedding Council Celebrates “National Wedding Day” with Important Message for Brides and Grooms Mobile Robotics Market Volume Analysis, Size, Share and Key Trends 2017-2025 Global Patient Handling Equipment Market by Analysis of Major Industry Segments 2016-2024 New Jersey Company, Rise-N-Shine, Wants to Wake Up With Ryan Seacrest Global Operating Room Equipment Market Share by Industry Research 2015-2023 Molecular Diagnostic Market for Group a Streptococcus GAS Nucleic Acid NA Test Products – Europe Industry Volume and Region Analysis – 2023 Automotive Evaporator Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017–2025 The SeniorCare Investor to Host Webinar, “Real Estate vs. Business Value for Healthcare Properties” Tina Gravel of Cryptzone is Recognized as One of CRN’s 2017 Women of the Channel © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
پارسی العربية اردو کوردی Türkçe English Mehrnews English Thu 18 May 2017 × Economy Home All News Iran World Politics Economy Culture Technology Sports Photo Cartoon Video Opinion First ATRs land in Tehran News ID: 3981011 - Wed 17 May 2017 - 11:43 Economy TEHRAN, May 17 (MNA) – The four out of twenty purchased ATR 72-600 airplanes have just landed at Mehrabad Airport in Tehran on Wednesday. The ATR 72-600 turboprops with registration numbers EP-ITA, EP-ITB, EP-ITC, and EP-ITC which was scheduled for landing at Mehrabad Airport late April, finally arrived in Tehran today May 17, 2017. The aircraft was delivered to Iran in the presence of Iran Air (HOMA) CEO Farhad Parvaresh in French city of Toulouse. The ATR 72-600 has a range of 1,500km and 70 seats. All four airplanes purchased from the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer ATR have successfully passed primary tests and conducted pilot takeoffs and landings at Toulouse–Blagnac Airport in France for a month.  “We are proud and gratified that our ATR aircraft are providing the solution to Iran’s significant needs in regional connectivity,” said Christian Scherer, CEO of ATR, adding “As Iran’s traveling public gains access to increased supply of air transportation, it will benefit from the highest standards of comfort, efficiency, and reliability with the ATR’s we are delivering today and over the coming months.” Last April, the French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer signed a deal with HOMA to provide it with 20 planes. This is a third plane manufacturer after Airbus and Boeing had successfully signed lucrative deals with Iran. Iran Air will continue taking delivery of ATR aircraft until the end of 2018 and plans to receive five more Airbus A320 series aircaft by the end of 2017. MS/3980952 Related News First ATR aircraft to land in Mehrabad on Friday Deal with ATR to provide Iran with 20 planes Second post-JCPOA Airbus lands in Mehrabad 4 ATR aircrafts land in Iran Iran finalizes deal with ATR Tags ATR Aircraft Aviation France Iran Air Comment * Name Email or Website * Your Comment * Please enter the correct answer 2 + 2 = TOP 10 Iran, Cameroon eager to bolster relation Rouhani hails Iran's 3rd place in Beach Soccer World… Zarif: UNESCO's Agenda 2030 not binding Iran to host 1st UN summit on dust storms in July Interview Intl. community seeks freedom in some states,… Interview with Luca Novelli; ‘Science unites… Belt-Road Initiative good for Iran, ME and… TehRUN marathon breaks barriers between nations Report Tehran Intl. Book Fair 2017 roundup: Let’s… Economy talks Fajr Film Festival 2017 roundup: A Panorama… Messi's doppelganger hopes to see him in… Op-Ed The X Files of Turkey & US: The conflict… Effective governance key to improving quality… Somali piracy disremembered Chemical attack in Idlib: Duplication of… Positive signs as Asia-Pacific moves towards… Most Viewed France to invest in Iran's railway industry, shipbuilding Intl. partners sign MoUs with Iran Khodro Leader warns presidential candidates on enemies’ plots Zarif pledges to back Afghanistan in all arenas Iranian, German deputy FMs call for uprooting terrorism Ancient city of Khansar Rouhani attends women’s gathering in Tehran Last dying breath': ISIL nearly eliminated in battle for Mosul Iran, India stress implementation of Chabahar agreement Ghalibaf withdraws in favor of Raeisi Latest News Iran sanctions 9 US firms as countermeasure Syrian army kills, wounds ISIL militants in Deir ez-Zor Liquid fuel exports to increase twofold Asghar Farhadi to open 70th Cannes Intl. community seeks freedom in some states, authoritarianism in others Russia supports constructive discussion of intra-Syrian talks in Geneva Flare gas burning drops by 48% 4 ATR aircrafts land in Iran Iran opens AFC U-20 Futsal C’ship with win IRISL begins shipment of heavy cargoes Iran preparing for peaceful election in insecure region US-led coalition targeting violates Syria’s sovereignty, territorial integrity Leader receives Iranians on eve of election First ATRs land in Tehran Voter turnout estimated at 72%, no gradual announcement of results Iran, India stress implementation of Chabahar agreement Iran jumps spots in Islamic Solidarity Games Zarif urges facilitation of Iran-India banking ties Women main victims of crises in ME Jahangiri bows out of election campaign in favor of Rouhani Top Desktop version Mobile version {site-title} Archive About us Contact us Links Advertise © 2015 Mehr News Agency. All rights reserved Powered by: Nastooh
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Study: House ObamaCare bill cuts $43B in Medicaid funds for children Healthcare — 3h 42s ago ‘Art of the Deal’ co-writer: Trump in ‘significant meltdown’ Administration — 3h 46m ago Dems walk tightrope on impeachment House — 3h 52m ago Bharara tweets out definition of ‘backfired’ News — 4h 23m ago ABC addresses conservative petition to save ‘Last Man Standing’ Blog Briefing Room — 4h 33m ago Turkish violence in Washington presents new Trump headache Administration — 4h 46m ago Turkish embassy calls violent clash with protesters in DC 'self-defense' International — 4h 50m ago Flynn delayed ISIS attack plan that Turkey opposed: report Blog Briefing Room — 4h 51m ago view all   Lobbying World By The Hill staff - 05/16/17 07:48 PM EDT 0   The American Hotel & Lodging Association has named Kevin Carey its executive vice president and chief operating officer, a newly created position. Before that, he held top posts at American Express.  Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck hired Drew Littman to serve as a policy director in its Washington office. He comes from the Department of Health and Human Services, where he served as a senior counselor to then-Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell during the Obama administration. Littman has also worked at Venn Strategies, a lobbyist for Solazyme — a biotechnology company now known as TerraVia — and as the chief of staff to Sen. Al FrankenAl FrankenDems rally net neutrality supporters ahead of key FCC vote Trump’s commission will root out voter fraud, and here’s how Lobbying World MORE (D-Minn.). ADVERTISEMENT Leigh Ann Pusey, who served as CEO of the American Insurance Association for the last eight years, will join Eli Lilly as a senior vice president of corporate affairs and communications. She begins on June 12. Pusey had been with AIA since December 1996. Andre Banks has become the executive vice president of the social impact and philanthropy practice at BerlinRosen. He has extensive charity and philanthropic experience. Most recently, Banks has been an independent consultant, advising Google Brand Studio, Human Rights Watch and SEIU on campaigns and brand development. Before that, he founded and then served as executive director of an international philanthropic network called All Out.  Consumer Reports hired Jessica Rich, who served as director of the Federal Trade Commission’s Bureau of Consumer Protection, to serve as vice president of consumer policy and mobilization. Virginia state Delegate Dave Albo (R), who has served for 24 years, will join Williams Mullen in its government relations practice. In April, he announced that he would not seek reelection and will join the firm shortly after he steps down from office in the fall. Cornerstone Government hired Chris Sarley away from Capitol Hill. He has spent 14 years working in Congress, most recently as the policy director for Rep. John Shimkus (R-Ill.), and held a senior role on the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment. Boeing has hired Bob Simmons, the GOP staff director for the House Armed Services Committee. Erin Polak has been named senior director for federal government relations at the biopharmaceutical company Celgene. Prior to that, she held a similar role at the drug manufacturer Merck.   Tags Al Franken   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 First Republicans talk possibility... Republicans are beginning to talk of the possibility that President Trump... 906 Shares 2 Dems walk tightrope on impeachment Democratic leaders have a message for those members of their caucus... 425 Shares 3 Kellyanne Conway cancels Fox... Kellyanne Conway cancelled an appearance on Fox News’ “Tucker Carlson... 297 Shares 4 ‘Art of the Deal’ co-writer: Trump... "I think he's reacting from a survival place," Tony Schwartz said. 276 Shares 5 Previous Homeland Security... Two former Obama Administration officials who served in the Department of... 191 Shares 6 Trump denounces media as White... The White House has been unusually quiet since it became public knowledge... 187 Shares 7 The Comey memo offers no proof for... OPINION | We need to move beyond the hyperventilated pronouncements of... 186 Shares 8 Flynn delayed ISIS attack plan... Former national security adviser Michael Flynn pushed to delay a plan to... 164 Shares 9 Turkish violence in Washington... A violent attack blocks from the White House that left nine protestors... 156 Shares 10 Report: Obama told friends Trump... Former President Barack Obama reportedly told friends shortly after... 138 Shares 11 Dem calls for Trump impeachment on... Rep. Al Green (D-Texas) called for President Trump to be impeached from... 119 Shares 12 Justice names special counsel for... The Justice Department has appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as... 117 Shares 13 Chaffetz sees no 'actual crime'... "I don't think they should have actually appointed somebody," Chaffetz... 104 Shares 14 Report: Trump knew Flynn was under... President Trump's transition team was told ahead of his inauguration that... 100 Shares 15 Majority Leader McCarthy in 2016... House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) accused President Trump of... 91 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
