Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Norwegian Air's 'first-flight' customers must wait as Boeing delays 737 MAX delivery date Phil LeBeau CNBC June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share For Norwegian Air, taking delivery of its new Boeing (NYSE: BA) 737 MAX 8 is another great marketing opportunity. It's offering a dozen people a once-in-a-lifetime ride on the airline's newest plane. But just four days after opening an auction for seats on the delivery flight scheduled for June 13, Norwegian says it won't be taking off that day. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June," the company said in a brief statement. Why the delay? Boeing spokesman Doug Alder tells CNBC: "On occasion delivery processes run into minor issues — whether for maintenance or other reasons. In this case, we and our customer decided to re-schedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue." Alder declined to give further details about issues causing the delay. Boeing expects Norwegian Air to get the plane by the end of June. Pushing back scheduled deliveries of new planes is not unusual, but Boeing has a lot riding on its new 737. The transition from the current 737 NG to the 737 MAX is being watched closely. Boeing is currently building 42 737s each month, with monthly production scheduled to jump to 47 later this year, 52 in 2018 and 59 in 2019. As that production climbs, so will deliveries of the 737 MAX. There's no indication that delaying some initial 737 Max deliveries will jeopardize Boeing's production plans, but pushing back Norwegian's delivery comes less than a month after Boeing suspended 737 MAX test flights to inspect some of the engines for a potential manufacturing flaw. After inspecting the LEAP 1B engines and working with the engine manufacturer CFM International, (Singapore Exchange: CFMH-SG) Boeing resumed test flights, and the first 737 MAX 8 was delivered in mid-May to the Asian carrier Malindo Air. Malindo is now operating two 737 MAX planes. As for Norwegian, the delivery delay will not change the airline's plan to expand service to the U.S. this summer. "This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between the U.S. East Coast and Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Norway will be operated by another aircraft type," the airline said. Boeing shares closed Friday up more than 1.6 percent at about $190.23. Watch: Boeing resumes 737 MAX flights after engine issue More From CNBC British Airways IT outage reportedly caused by a contractor who accidentally shut down power supply How to get ready for hurricane season JetBlue will accept selfies as boarding passes Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Reuters Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner Reuters The Obamas just bought an $8.1 million mansion in Washington, D.C. — take a look inside CNBC 'Call his bluff': Mark Cuban tells Democrats how to punch back after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal Business Insider Call of the week: BlackBerry could be the next Nvidia Yahoo Finance Model says she was fired for being on her period Cosmo What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video If Trump won’t address climate changes, states, cities and companies will Yahoo Finance It's a great time to be a college graduate in America Yahoo Finance Buffalo Wild Wings' CEO is leaving the struggling chain after an activist investor triumphed in a monthslong battle for the board Business Insider New York prosecutor says Exxon misled investors on climate change Reuters The Paint Color That Could Boost Your Home’s Value by $5,000 The Fiscal Times Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video Two charts that prove the glass is half-empty for stocks Yahoo Finance Tech leads Wall Street higher; jobs data falls short Reuters 5 biggest money mistakes new grads make Yahoo Finance Tim Kaine claims Trump pulling out of Paris Accord because he's 'jealous of Obama accomplishments' veronica: Seriously? Thank God the hag and this imbecile aren't in office! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 239
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Traffic alert Here’s your weekend roundup of region’s biggest traffic headaches. Boeing & Aerospace Business International Trade Boeing delays Norwegian Air’s first 737 MAX plane a second time Originally published June 2, 2017 at 6:03 pm Boeing is looking to step up shipments of the 737 MAX after briefly suspending flights last month because of a potential manufacturing fault in the plane’s engines. Boeing said the latest delay was due to a “a minor technical issue.” (Mike Siegel/The Seattle Times) Boeing attributed the latest delay decision to a “a minor technical issue” without providing details. Share story By Julie Johnsson and Justin Bachman Bloomberg News Boeing is delaying the delivery of Norwegian Air Shuttle’s first 737 MAX jet — again. The upgraded single-aisle plane will now arrive at the end of June, the discount carrier said in an emailed statement Friday. The delay is the second in about a month for Norwegian, which initially planned to receive its first 737 MAX at the end of May before being forced to reschedule for June 13. Boeing is looking to step up shipments of the fastest-selling plane in company history after briefly suspending flights last month because of a potential manufacturing fault in the plane’s engines. Norwegian has been discussing “appropriate” compensation with Boeing over the delay, Thomas Ramdahl, the airline’s chief commercial officer, said this week. The carrier referred questions about the delay to Boeing. In an emailed statement, the planemaker attributed the decision to a “a minor technical issue” without providing details. The engines are made by CFM International, a venture of General Electric and Safran. Most Read Stories Paul Allen’s colossal Stratolaunch plane emerges from its lair  VIEW ‘There’s going to be a lot of dead gangsters’: Inside King County’s surging gang war Evergreen State College closes after caller claims to be armed, en route to campus Princeton professor cancels Seattle talk after Fox News segment, death threats Future grandma has problem with plans for naming granddaughter | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Norwegian has already planned to begin new trans-Atlantic service from Edinburgh to the U.S. with a 737-800 limited to 150 passengers. The delay likely means Norwegian will fly the older 737 on the route longer. Norwegian is the European launch customer for the 737 MAX, with 108 orders. Boeing delivered the first of the upgraded 737 to Lion Mentari Airlines’s Malaysian unit, Malindo Airways, on May 17, followed by a second shortly after. Lion is the largest 737 MAX customer, with 201 orders, one more than Southwest Airlines, which plans to begin flying the plane in October. Julie Johnsson Justin Bachman View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Vancouver, B.C., home prices resume stubborn climb to fresh record Previous Story US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 5 Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +303 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Navy’s $4.8 bln Unfunded Priorities Wishlist Includes 24 Planes, No Ships © AP Photo/ Lockheed Martin Military & Intelligence 03:37 03.06.2017(updated 08:47 03.06.2017) Get short URL 0 55824 The US Navy’s unfunded 2018 priorities list contains a $2.7 billion request for 24 additional aircraft but no additional ships. The aircraft would include four F-35C Joint Strike Fighters made by Lockheed Martin, four CMV-22B Osprey tiltrotor aircraft made by Bell and Boeing, six P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft and 10 F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet strike fighters, both made by Boeing. Lawmakers received the 48-item list, which contains equipment, weapons, development and operations equipment and maintenance assets totalling $4.8 billion, on May 30. The list items were not included in last month’s $171.5 billion fiscal budget for 2018. © AFP 2017/ MLADEN ANTONOV Trump Nominates Richard Spencer to Be US Navy Chief The fact that no ships are included on the list comes as surprise, as US President Donald Trump made a larger Navy one of his top defense planks on the campaign trail and the Navy called to expand the fleet from 270 ships to 355. If the expansion is enacted, the Navy would see the largest shipbuilding boom since the end of the Cold War, ideally creating tens of thousands of jobs for sailors. Navy Times quoted then-Senator Jeff Sessions at the time saying, "Trump's plans are actually to build more ships and maintain a higher number of troops and aircraft. It will go a lot further than words to convince the world that we remain strong. It will help us to maintain the peace." Matthew Paxton, president of the Shipbuilders Council of America, said in early January. "Russia and China are going to continue to build up their navies … The complexities aren’t going to get any easier. The Navy, more than any of the services, is our forward presence. We’re going to need this Navy."  © AP Photo/ Northrop Grumman US Navy Orders Another $244Mln Worth of ‘Vehicle Spares’ for $1Trln F-35 Last month, acting Navy Acquisition Chief Allison Stiller said the White House supports buying two additional Littoral Combat Ships (LCS), as the Navy’s 2018 request only called for one. She said at the time, "The administration recognizes the criticality of our industrial base and supports funding a second LCS in FY-18," though she did not clarify how the new vessels would be paid for. Although there are no ships on the unfunded list there is a request for $312 million for five ship-to-shore connectors made by Textron and $84 million for upgrades to the LCS survivability and lethality capabilities. The Navy also asked for $110 million for a new LCS training facility in Florida at Naval Station Mayport and $31 million for the development of the ships’ over-the-horizon capabilities. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 24 Related: US Guided Missile Destroyer Ross Departs Haifa, Israel After Port Visit - Navy US Concludes Readiness and Training with Thai, Singapore Warships - Navy US Undersea Tech Firm to Provide Acoustic Warfare System for Navy Attack Subs US Navy Must Increase Fleet to Catch Up With Russia, China - Naval Ops Chief Lockheed Martin to Upgrade Tomahawk Cruise Missile Software for US Navy Tags: Wishlist, US Navy, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:51Russia's Labor Market Stabilizing - Federal Labor Service Head at SPIEF 09:27N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 09:03Number of Injured in Venezuela Anti-Gov't Protests Reaches 15,000 - Opposition 08:49Court Denies Arrest Request for Daughter of Impeached S Korean Leader's Adviser 08:43Polling Stations Open Across Latvia in Local ElectionsAll news Why Russia Unleashed Kalibr Cruise Missiles on Daesh in Palmyra 7514 Qatar 'Extends Olive Branch to Iran to Deal With Saudi Pressure' 7274 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 7211 Syria's War Could Mend Hostile Relations With Israel 6342 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 5717All news ‘Not Why I Lost’: Hillary Blames Literally Everyone But Herself for Defeat 37 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 31 Putin Not Ruling Out US Troop Presence on Kurils if Islands Controlled by Japan 25 China Is a ‘Bully,’ and America Is Better Than the White House, McCain Says 24 Washington 'is Going to Want to Occupy Certain Portions of Syria' 23All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Battlespace Tech C4ISR Cyber Defense Defense IT Mobile Unmanned Systems Resources Newsletter Events Face-to-Face Events Connected Warrior Summit Defense Analytics Event Defense Systems Summit Advertise Advanced Search C4ISR Boeing to demo DARPA space plane By George Leopold Jun 02, 2017 Boeing will build and demonstrate a prototype of a new class of hypersonic aircraft designed to provide quick access to low-Earth orbit. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency selected Boeing's design for the next "fabrication" and "flight" phases of its Experimental Spaceplane-1 (XS-1) effort. The DARPA program seeks to create a "launch-on-demand" capability for smaller payloads while lowering launch costs by a factor of 10. The reusable XS-1 would serve as a hybrid aircraft-space launcher capable of lifting payloads to the edge of space where an expendable upper stage would place satellites up to 3,000 pounds into polar orbits. Launched like a rocket and powered by cryogenic propellants, program officials said the XS-1 space plane would reach hypersonic speeds before releasing its upper stage. The reusable first stage would then land on a runway to be readied for its next flight "within hours," DARPA said. "Demonstration of aircraft-like, on-demand, and routine access to space is important for meeting critical Defense Department needs and could help open the door to a range of next-generation commercial opportunities," Brad Tousley, director of DARPA’s Tactical Technology Office, which oversees XS-1, noted in a May 24 statement announcing the Boeing design win. Phase 2 of the program calls for Boeing's Phantom Works unit, which also builds the X-37B space plane used for classified Air Force missions, to design and test a prototype vehicle by 2019. The initial tests include firing the prototype vehicle's engines 10 times in 10 days to verify its propulsion system is ready for flight tests. The XS-1 will use an Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, a version of the U.S. space shuttle main engine. Flight testing of the XS-1 is scheduled to begin in 2020, with up to 15 sorties that would also include 10 test flights over 10 days, DARPA said. Initial flights without a payload would reach speeds up to Mach 5. Later flights would top out at Mach 10 and eventually deliver a demonstration payload to orbit. Along with lightweight composite cryogenic propellant tanks, the XS-1 demonstration phases will evaluate the ability of composite-metallic wings and control surfaces to withstand the pounding of suborbital hypersonic flight along with temperatures of more than 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Pamela Melroy, a former shuttle commander who also served as deputy director of DARPA’s Tactical Technology Office, noted that XS-1 and related efforts are designed to get a handle on launch and satellite costs. "The cost of access to space is one of our major focus areas," Melroy stressed. DARPA also said XS-1 testing will wring out its Airborne Launch Assist Space Access program, which seeks to launch 100-pound satellites into low-Earth orbit on short notice for less than $1 million per launch. That effort reflects the research agency's plans to develop smaller, cheaper satellites that could be replaced more quickly than current payloads launched using expendable rockets. Also competing for the next phase of the XS-1 program were the teams of Northrop Grumman and Virgin Galactic along with Masten Space Systems and XCOR Aerospace. Boeing's prototype dubbed "Phantom Express" measures 100 feet in length with a wingspan of 62 feet. The single AR-22 engine would burn a mixture of liquid hydrogen and oxygen. "Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk,” Darryl Davis, president, Boeing Phantom Works, noted in a statement.   About the Author George Leopold is a contributing editor for Defense Systems and author of Calculated Risk: The Supersonic Life and Times of Gus Grissom."Connect with him on Twitter at @gleopold1. Featured Articles DARPA proposes portable antenna for underwater drone communication Boeing to demo DARPA space plane Cisco, DOD move JRSS to cloud tech and greater automation Navy cyber hardens CANES, considers adding to LCS fleet Air Force to finalize new cyber mission forces Doubts raised about N. Korean role in hack Video Update 5-25-17: F-35 3F software to become operational Hughes offers new lightweight, mobile satcom terminal Air Force Budget Boosts Space Tech Amphibious Assault Ships Receive CANES IT software upgrade Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles Doubts raised about N. Korean role in hack Air Force Budget Boosts Space Tech Hughes offers new lightweight, mobile satcom terminal Air Force to finalize new cyber mission forces BAE works on radiation-hardening space technology Defense Systems Update Sign up for our newsletter. Email Address Select primary job function/rank Click to Select One Flag Officer Field Grade Officer Captn/Lt/Ensign/Warrant Off Congress/Executive Branch Sr DoD Exec/PEO/SES/Dir/Dep Program/Project Mgmt Procure/Purch/Contract Mgmt Network/Comms/Eng/Ops Mgmt Defense Ind Exec/Dir/Mgmt Other Select military branch/agency/business type Click to Select One Army Commands Navy Commands Air Force Commands Coast Guard Joint Chiefs, Joint Commands DoD & Intelligence Agencies Executive Branch Congress/Legisltv Agencies Other Defense Govt Agencies Defense Ind/Gov Contractor University/Media/R&D Other I agree to this site's Privacy Policy. Free Newsletters News Whitepapers About Us Print Archive Reprints Events Site Map Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use List Rental 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510, McLean, VA 22102 703-876-5100©1996-2017 1105 Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Close this Advertisement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Airlines Norwegian Air's 'first-flight' customers must wait as Boeing delays 737 MAX delivery date Boeing told Norwegian Air that the delivery of its first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. The news comes four days after an auction began for seats on the delivery flight scheduled for June 13. Phil LeBeau | @Lebeaucarnews 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images The first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airliner is pictured at the company's factory on March 7, 2017 in Renton, Washington. The 737 MAX 9, which can carry up to 220 passengers, is the second of three variants of the popular single-aisle model. For Norwegian Air, taking delivery of its new Boeing 737 MAX 8 is another great marketing opportunity. It's offering a dozen people a once-in-a-lifetime ride on the airline's newest plane. But just four days after opening an auction for seats on the delivery flight scheduled for June 13, Norwegian says it won't be taking off that day. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June," the company said in a brief statement. Why the delay? Boeing spokesman Doug Alder tells CNBC: "On occasion delivery processes run into minor issues — whether for maintenance or other reasons. In this case, we and our customer decided to re-schedule this delivery in order to resolve a minor technical issue." Alder declined to give further details about issues causing the delay. Boeing expects Norwegian Air to get the plane by the end of June. Pushing back scheduled deliveries of new planes is not unusual, but Boeing has a lot riding on its new 737. The transition from the current 737 NG to the 737 MAX is being watched closely. Boeing is currently building 42 737s each month, with monthly production scheduled to jump to 47 later this year, 52 in 2018 and 59 in 2019. As that production climbs, so will deliveries of the 737 MAX. There's no indication that delaying some initial 737 Max deliveries will jeopardize Boeing's production plans, but pushing back Norwegian's delivery comes less than a month after Boeing suspended 737 MAX test flights to inspect some of the engines for a potential manufacturing flaw. After inspecting the LEAP 1B engines and working with the engine manufacturer CFM International, Boeing resumed test flights, and the first 737 MAX 8 was delivered in mid-May to the Asian carrier Malindo Air. Malindo is now operating two 737 MAX planes. As for Norwegian, the delivery delay will not change the airline's plan to expand service to the U.S. this summer. "This will not affect our operation or our passengers, as the upcoming launch of transatlantic routes between the U.S. East Coast and Ireland, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Norway will be operated by another aircraft type," the airline said. Boeing shares closed Friday up more than 1.6 percent at about $190.23. Watch: Boeing resumes 737 MAX flights after engine issue show chapters Boeing resumes 737 MAX flights after engine issue    Friday, 12 May 2017 | 3:17 PM ET | 00:32 Phil LeBeauCNBC Auto and Airline Industry Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CFMH --- BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Don't Miss AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift, seeing through the fog TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry AFSC commander provides keynote address at MRO Americas 72nd Air Base Wing gets new commander Airmen and Sailors graduate from Tinker Airman Leadership School Honoring the brave during Police Week Airmen stop woman from jumping off bridge 75 year partnership, Tinker and Midwest City PHOTO: VQ-4 Change of Command Depicting 75 years of Tinker history in paint The Tinker Take Off Home About Us Contact Us Air Force news Archives Tinker Take Off Time Off Advertising Classifieds Special Publications Tinker Living 2016-17 The Base Guide and Directory 2015-16 Tinker Base Map 2017 Health and Wellness Guide Saluting Our Veterans Holiday Gift Guide Living in Oklahoma The National Guard Association of Oklahoma Education Guide Real Estate: your home, your life Combined Federal Campaign Home / 2017-05 May 19 - May 25 vol. 75_iss. 20 / TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry By: jilliancoleman June 2, 2017 Comments Off on TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry Greg L. Davis 72nd Air Base Wing Public Affairs The Boeing E-3 Sentry is a special mission aircraft built around a highly-modified Boeing Model 707-320 commercial airliner. The Airborne Warning and Control System, or AWACS, is essentially a powerful airborne search and track radar system using a rotating dome affixed 11 feet above the top of the rear fuselage using two aerodynamic pylons. The aircraft itself sits on tricycle landing gear with mid-fuselage mounted, swept-wings with two TF33 engines under each wing. It has a traditional tail configuration. Overall view of a 552nd Air Control Wing E-3C Airborne Warning & Control System (AWACS) aircraft shown over the central United States as it approaches a KC-135R Stratotanker to refuel. The AWACS aircraft has a large rotating radar mounted above the aircrafts’ fuselage and large sensors mounted along the sides of the forward fuselage and below the nose. The E-3C is based at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. Copyright 2003 Greg L. Davis, Aviation Photojournalist Tinker’s connection with the E-3 Sentry has stretched over the aircraft’s entire operational life. The first E-3 arrived here in March 1977 directly off the production line and was quickly followed with a total of 35 aircraft purchased between fiscal years 1977-1984. Tinker is the primary operating location for the E-3 and includes both training and operational flight squadrons, unit-level maintenance and depot-level maintenance through the co-located Oklahoma City Air Logistics Complex. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization purchased and operates 18 E-3A ‘U.S./NATO Standard’ aircraft. These NATO standard aircraft differ slightly from U.S. Air Force aircraft in the avionics and communications suites necessary to communicate with NATO air and ground units. These aircraft also retain many of the legacy systems and technology when compared to the numerous upgrades given to the U.S.A.F. aircraft over the last 40 years. There have also been foreign military sales of E-3s: seven to the United Kingdom, five to Saudi Arabia and four to France. These aircraft are all equipped with high-bypass CFM56 engines. The U.S.A.F.’s current upgrade program, much of which is conducted at Tinker, is currently underway. Block 40/45 represents a revolutionary change for AWACS by modernizing the 1970s era mission computer, controller displays, and other systems using modern off-the-shelf components. An upgraded Identification Friend or Foe system and communications equipment make the E-3 not just a powerful flying radar capable of monitoring and controlling aircraft from ground level to the stratosphere in a 250 mile circle, but also acting as part of a larger Command and Control Battle Management element in the Theater Air Control System by passing information to other players such as fighters for intercepts and ground based assets for monitoring and interrogation. In modern warfare the ability to control the skies and achieve air-superiority is critical. Therefore, there are E-3s in-use across the world and the USAF has permanently forward based E-3s at Kadena Air Base, Japan and Elmendorf AFB, Alaska. Air refueling capability gives the Sentry long legs and the ability to quickly deploy and when necessary remain aloft for many hours at a time to meet the needs of combatant commanders. The venerable E-3 Sentry has played crucial roles in air combat by monitoring and controlling contested airspace over Iraq during Operation Desert Shield/Storm, Northern and Southern Watch, Iraqi Freedom, and over Afghanistan in Enduring Freedom. It also played a key role in NATO Operation Allied Force and over the continental US in support of Operation Noble Eagle. If there is an area of tension in the world it is virtually guaranteed an E-3 Sentry is on duty to monitor and control the airspace.   Manufacturer: Boeing Aircraft type: E-3 Nickname: Sentry/AWACS Crew: Flight crew of four; 16-20 mission specialists Power plant: Four Pratt & Whitney TF33 turbofan engines producing 21,000 pounds of thrust each. In-service dates: 1975-present Number produced: 35 Tinker connection: Flight operations, training, maintenance, repair and overhaul   7:47 am Fri, June 2, 2017 The Tinker Take Off jilliancoleman Related Articles AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift, seeing through the fog June 2, 2017 AFSC commander provides keynote address at MRO Americas June 2, 2017 72nd Air Base Wing gets new commander June 2, 2017 My Account SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift, seeing through the fog TINKER HISTORY:  Boeing E-3 Sentry AFSC commander provides keynote address at MRO Americas 72nd Air Base Wing gets new commander Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 Tinker Take Off 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102
About US Contact US Registration Saturday June 3rd, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications EL SEGUNDO, Calif., June 2, 2017 – Leveraging the recently launched Boeing [NYSE: BA] 702 high-power satellite, ViaSat’s second-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, will realize a seven-fold increase in broadband internet service coverage from its previous generation satellite and offer twice as much capacity on orbit. ViaSat-2 will also offer flexibility to move satellite capacity to where broadband demand exists and is the first satellite Boeing built for the company. Boeing is on contract to build two more satellites, under the ViaSat-3 program, both based on the 702 design and integrated with ViaSat payload technology. “ViaSat-2 is a major technological achievement. It advances satellite system design and will provide the best economics, quality and service capabilities available in the industry,” said Mark Dankberg, chairman and chief executive officer of ViaSat. “These advancements required a spacecraft partner, like Boeing, that could understand our vision for satellite broadband. We would like to thank Boeing for their hard work, expertise and contributions to the ViaSat-2 program. Our collaboration will enable ViaSat to bring internet to millions of users on the ground, in the air and at sea.” The satellite was launched, and sent its first signals from space, on June 1. “We’re glad to have continued to advance this flexible platform, relying on its flight-proven technology, while in great partnership with ViaSat to achieve their vision of connecting the world,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International.” For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Joanna Climer Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-364-7113 Mobile: +1 310-227-3534 joanna.e.climer@boeing.com     Print       Email Published: 14 hours ago on June 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 3, 2017 @ 1:15 am Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → Trump walks away from Paris Agreement, but America will keep its climate promise ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE WVDEP Holding Public Meeting on Water Quality Standards June 13 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts CBP Deploys Biometric Exit Technology to Washington Dulles International Airport Readout of Secretary Mattis’ Meeting with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Readout of Secretary Mattis’ Meeting with Singaporean Prime Minister‎ Lee Hsien Loong Palestinian children with disabilities are determined to learn San Diego SEALs Honor Fallen Teammate © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing Satellite for ViaSat to Significantly Enhance Satellite Broadband Communications EL SEGUNDO, Calif., June 2, 2017 – Leveraging the recently launched Boeing [NYSE: BA] 702 high-power satellite, ViaSat’s second-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, will realize a seven-fold increase in broadband internet service coverage from its previous generation satellite and offer twice as much capacity on orbit. ViaSat-2 will also offer flexibility to move satellite capacity to where broadband demand exists and is the first satellite Boeing built for the company. Boeing is on contract to build two more satellites, under the ViaSat-3 program, both based on the 702 design and integrated with ViaSat payload technology. “ViaSat-2 is a major technological achievement. It advances satellite system design and will provide the best economics, quality and service capabilities available in the industry,” said Mark Dankberg, chairman and chief executive officer of ViaSat. “These advancements required a spacecraft partner, like Boeing, that could understand our vision for satellite broadband. We would like to thank Boeing for their hard work, expertise and contributions to the ViaSat-2 program. Our collaboration will enable ViaSat to bring internet to millions of users on the ground, in the air and at sea.” The satellite was launched, and sent its first signals from space, on June 1. “We’re glad to have continued to advance this flexible platform, relying on its flight-proven technology, while in great partnership with ViaSat to achieve their vision of connecting the world,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International.” For more information on Defense, Space & Security, visit www.boeing.com. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. # # # Contact: Joanna Climer Network & Space Systems Office: +1 310-364-7113 Mobile: +1 310-227-3534 joanna.e.climer@boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Multiplexed Diagnostics Market by Application, Technology & Product Segment Analysis Next PostNext Potassium Fluoroborate (CAS 14075-53-7) Market Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis and Development Trends 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ViaSat-2 Successfully Launched CARLSBAD, Calif., June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is pleased to announce the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Approximately 29 minutes after liftoff, the ViaSat-2 mission was underway with the satellite separating from the launch vehicle. First signals from the satellite were acquired shortly thereafter through a ground station at Hassan, India. In the coming days, ViaSat-2 will start orbit raising with its chemical propulsion system, followed by solar array deployments, and will then switch over to its electric propulsion system to complete orbit raising over the coming months. ViaSat expects it will take several months for ViaSat-2 to reach its final orbital destination, located at 69.9° west longitude. ViaSat Inc. announced the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Mark Dankberg, ViaSat’s chairman and CEO commented, „Today’s successful launch is a momentous event in ViaSat’s history. It represents the culmination of hard work, dedication and commitment to technical excellence from across the ViaSat team. We also want to recognize our launch team partners, Boeing and Arianespace, for their support and collaboration in helping us successfully launch ViaSat-2.” ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. ViaSat-2 is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Dankberg continued, „The innovations in our ViaSat-2 spacecraft and underlying network will enable us to be one step closer to connecting the world, and delivering new higher speed fixed and mobility services that will continue to compete with traditional broadband services.” „Arianespace is excited to have delivered for ViaSat!  We are proud to have launched one of the world’s most advanced telecommunications satellites, ViaSat-2, safely to orbit. Great things are in store for our friends at ViaSat,” said Stéphane Israël, CEO of Arianespace. „We are honored that ViaSat has put their trust in Boeing to build and deliver their next-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, a high-power 702 satellite with advanced capabilities that will help ViaSat connect millions around the world through high-speed broadband service,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ:  VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access – anywhere – whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company’s innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information visit ViaSat at:  www.viasat.com, or follow the Company on social media:  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite and the timing thereof, as well as the anticipated benefits, performance, coverage, capacity, bandwidth economics, service speed and other features of the ViaSat-2 satellite. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks associated with the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement, in-orbit testing and operation of the ViaSat-2 satellite, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance, and the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 satellite. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat’s SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. ViaSat is a registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-2-successfully-launched-300467789.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. Related Links http://www.viasat.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Expansion Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How communicators can prepare for the challenges ahead of them Next PostNext Gold Coast Website Designer Continues to Work for Cooler Torch Website to Improve Its Mobile Search Appearance Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 194 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes​ Boarding passes could someday become quaint relics for air travelers. Post to Facebook JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes​ Boarding passes could someday become quaint relics for air travelers.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2swvwbE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JetBlue, Delta will test biometric boarding passes​ Today in the Sky The Associated Press Published 8:15 a.m. ET June 2, 2017 | Updated 11 hours ago 127 Shares Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE JetBlue and Delta are experimenting with facial recognition and fingerprinting to make the boarding process easier. Time Boarding passes could someday become quaint relics for air travelers. JetBlue Airways plans to test facial-recognition check-in for a few flights beginning later this month, and Delta Air Lines plans to let some passengers board with their fingerprints instead of a boarding pass. The once-ubiquitous paper boarding pass is already shunned by many travelers who prefer to use mobile boarding passes on their phones. Now pilot programs could render those obsolete too, as airlines aim to increase convenience for customers, and government agencies look to increase security. TODAY IN THE SKY: Delta to test facial-recognition tech on new self-service bag drop This image provided by Delta shows a biometric fingerprint scan being used to confirm entry at one of the carrier's frequent-flier lounges.  (Photo: Delta Air Lines) JetBlue and U.S. Customs and Border Protection will test facial recognition for passengers boarding flights from Boston's Logan Airport to Aruba starting later this month. Volunteers will be photographed and their images will be searched against a Customs database of passport and other photos. Passengers who are cleared will get a signal from a screen above the camera, telling them they can go ahead and board. JetBlue said it will be the first airline to work with Customs to test biometrics for identifying passengers during boarding. Delta recently started letting come members of its loyalty program use fingerprints as proof of their identity to enter the airline's lounge at Reagan Washington National Airport. The airline says that it plans to expand the test at National to let members use fingerprints to check a bag and board a plane. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery (2017)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A taster from Rogue Brewery rests on a table at the brewer's Portland (Ore.) International Airport location in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is seen during delivery ceremony festivities at Boeing’s 787 facilities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017 as an Alaska Airlines' liveried Embraer E170 shadows it on a nearby runway.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 freighter lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rarified Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-400 combi rolls out in front of Mount Rainier after landing at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in a distinctive purple, a WOW Airbus A330 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Portland (Ore.) International Airport's carpeting has achieved a bizarre semi-celebrity status. Here, the original is on the right, while the new (and not as well-liked) version is on the left. (February 2017)  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' "More to Love" Boeing 737-900, which commemorates the airlines' merger with Virgin America, departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sections of Boeing Dreamliner fuselages are worked on at the company's Aft Body assembly line building in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 21, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 takes off for Tokya Narita from Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board at Portland (Ore.) International Airport on February 20, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rain drops coat a window overlooking an Alaska Airlines jet at Portland International Airport in February, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Columbia River appears out of the fog as an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Air Bombardier Q400 preps to land at Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A traveler steps off an escalator at Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seattle-Tacoma International's A and B concourses are nearly full as the morning departure rush gets underway on a foggy February morning in 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An engine of a Korean Air Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner -- the first ever to be delivered to the carrier -- is seen during delivery ceremony festivities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX 8 test aircraft pays a visit to Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is seen during delivery ceremony festivities at Boeing’s 787 facilities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Airbus A320 lands at Portland (Ore.) International Airport under gloomy skies in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The distinctive wing of this Boeing 787 is seen as the jet makes its way through Boeing's Final Assembly building in South Carolina on Feb. 21, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Rainier looms in the background as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Connection Bombardier CRJ700 waits for its next flight at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 taxis to a gate at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 takes off from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Airbus A319 departs San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines-liveried Bombardier CRJ700 takes off from Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A320 departs Portland (Ore.) International Airport in February 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air’s first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner is seen during delivery ceremony festivities at Boeing’s 787 facilities in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 22, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing Dreamliner fuselages works its way through the company's Mid Body assembly line building in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 21, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 bound for Asia climbs out of the Seattle area and past a looming Mount Rainier on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant waits under the wing of EVA Air's newest Hello Kitty jet at a welcome party for EVA's service to Houston on June 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane is shown off to media at an event in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reprising a favorite photo from the past year, a former American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a Seattle avenue in preparation for a new construction project at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's "Love"-themed Boeing 777-300 departs Seattle on a brisk day in December 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flying high above Puget Sound, an American Airlines Boeing 777 heads westward out over the Pacific Ocean in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 ends a nine-hour flight from London to Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the titles of Sun Country but the paint of European carrier Transavia, a Boeing 737 comes to a stop in Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 fuselage frame at the company's factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX leads a pack of newly built 737s at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 departs Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane sits on a ramp in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 28, 2015. The airplane is expected to take to the skies for the first time early in 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 model glistens in a Christmas tree at the Museum of Flight in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airplane spotter sets up a photo of an Alaska Airlines/SkyWest CRJ-700 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 hovers among the soft hues of a winter's sunset in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines/Horizon Bombardier Q400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard NASA's modified Douglas DC-8 flying laboratory take off from Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., for a research flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Despite working as a research laboratory for NASA, the agency's modified DC-8 still has some of the marks of its passenger service days with Alitalia and Braniff - such as this flight attendant panel seen during a flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Engines filled with condensation, an Aeroflot Airbus A330 rolls down a runway at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A lineup of Delta Air Lines tails stretches across Atlanta Hartsfield's Terminal B on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from Everett, Wash., for a test flight on Jan. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's CS300 jetliner returns from its inaugural flight outside Montreal on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350 undergoes construction at the company's factory in Toulouse, France, on May 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Factory workers assemble a wing destined for a Boeing 737 at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on June 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Fiji Airways Airbus A330.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers traverse Toronto Lester Pearson International Airport's Terminal 1 in February of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport duty manager Paul Pelton drives around the airport during his early morning shift at Sea-Tac International Airport on April 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2swvwbE Most Popular Robotic kiosks and other new tech coming to your airport

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Aeroflot says new Russian jet 'serious' competitor to Boeing, Airbus By Reuters Published: 07:19 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 07:19 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail By Gleb Stolyarov ST PETERSBURG, Russia, June 2 (Reuters) - Russia's new MS-21 passenger plane, its first domestically-built mainline commercial aircraft since the collapse of the Soviet Union, is a serious venture capable of competing with industry heavyweights Airbus and Boeing, the head of national airline Aeroflot told Reuters on Friday. Russia carried out the MS-21's maiden flight on Sunday and has heralded the twin-engine jet as a domestic alternative to those made by America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus, which dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Manufacturer Irkut Corporation and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) say the new plane is more efficient than its Western counterparts, but analysts warn Russia faces a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "If they achieve the goals they announced, then this is of course a serious plane. It is a real plane which will compete with Boeing and with Airbus," Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev told Reuters in an interview at an economic forum in St Petersburg. "I think this will be a serious machine," he added. "It will be light, economical and effective. Now we are simply waiting for it." Flag carrier Aeroflot, which operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, has yet to sign any purchase contracts for the MS-21. But the company expects to do so this year and state defence conglomerate Rostec has already said it will lease at least 50 MS-21 planes to the airline. Savelyev said he expected the first delivery to be made in 2019 and 40 percent of Aeroflot's fleet would be made up of domestic aircraft by 2023. NO PRESSURE No official price has been announced, but it will have to be competitive to justify future purchases, Savelyev said. "We, as consumers, cannot take a plane that is more expensive than competing versions abroad. If we are to do it, it has to be at a competitive price," he said. The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. Majority state-owned Aeroflot is sometimes seen as making business decisions which primarily benefit the Russian government, such as a move in 2015 to buy a 75-percent stake in failing competitor Transaero. The purchase was later abandoned and Aeroflot agreed to fulfil Transaero's ticket obligations at the state's request. Savelyev said he had come under no pressure to support the MS-21, which the government is hoping will help rejuvenate domestic industrial production and make the country less dependent on foreign firms. "We are a commercial company, there is no pressure on us or instructions to buy Russian planes," he said. "We would like there to be a domestic aircraft, because every airline all over the world tries to support domestic producers." (Writing by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Dmitry Solovyov/Keith Weir) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA 'I can see her bikini wax!': Now Alesha Dixon leaves viewers outraged with her BGT dress... as defiant Amanda Holden dons ANOTHER plunging gown PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd uses a wheelchair on family holiday as she battles extreme pelvic pain condition... as she reveals she's rushed herself to hospital Lateysha Grace shows off her ample derriere in electric blue bikini during sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza... after having FOUR fat transfer operations From how long to wait before meeting to picking the perfect picture (and when to bow out): How to REALLY succeed at online dating... as told by the expert!   SPONSORED 'I was hoping the storyline would finish': Coronation Street fans are left 'heartbroken' as Bethany Platt pledges her love to Nathan after he is arrested on child exploitation charges  'I couldn't look at myself in the mirror if I did nothing': Simon Cowell 'to fund' £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen BGT dancer Julia Carlile 'We are not f**king scared': Robbie Williams breaks down in tears as he dedicates performance to Manchester terror attack victims  'If you're going to mime at least move your lips': Former X Factor stars 5 After Midnight are accused of lipsyncing as they perform debut track on BGT  Curves ahead! Hilary Duff shows off her bountiful backside as she shares a laugh on set with leggy Sutton Foster Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn A designer who works only for him Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off on father Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Blasts autobiography 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  'It is going to be the sexiest Love Island EVER': Caroline Flack promises steamy scenes are on the cards for the ITV2 show...after THAT 2016 raunchy bedroom romp Busty Ex On The Beach star Kayleigh Morris and Louie Spence's Dreamboy nephew Lotan Carter lead the new batch of Big Brother housemates 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Impassioned piece TOWIE's Jamie Reed cosies up to stunning girlfriend Jade Lewis as she puts on a sizzling display in plunging silk mini-dress at mental health awareness gala Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her blossoming baby bump in a tasselled top as she puts on energetic performance in glittering hot pants at Hull Festival 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' The Missing People Choir make the BGT finals after leaving Amanda Holden in tears with their heartbreaking performance  Moving Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  They all needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's bash Gary Barlow lights up the stage with Take That in Birmingham... amid claims band are reuniting with Robbie Williams for special performance at Manchester benefit concert Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Tom Daley, 23, pens second cookbook and launches cookery site to emulate naked chef's success  The 23-year-old wants to emulate Jamie Oliver Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce t. 'My manhood is worth £12million': New Big Brother contestant Lotan Carter took out penis insurance 'to protect his most valuable asset' Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Head over heels On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a hand up from her backing dancers after bending a little TOO far during Vegas show Going overboard Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning frame while raising a glass on Barbados break... as husband Wayne meets a delighted fan nearby 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Pippa's £120,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's five-star holiday featuring  £250 lunch, designer bikinis galore and a 15-minute flight costing £500  Jesy Nelson teases her leg tattoo in just a thigh-skimming T-shirt... ahead of Little Mix's performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert Twenty years after childhood classic Matilda premiered we reveal where the child stars are now... and they're COMPLETELY unrecognisable Justin Bieber touches his nipples after hugging a mystery bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York What's he trying to suggest? 'What's the big deal? Simon Cowell's always showing his moobs!': David Walliams defends Amanda's dress... as BGT outfit sparks Ofcom complaints Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a pose to model her newest Good American jeans Cheeky Beauty conscious Amy Childs sports hair in rollers as she takes newborn Polly for a day out... after admitting she had a blow dry 'mid-labour' Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool  'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Tallia Storm embraces a more sophisticated look in a ruffled jumpsuit with a low-cut neckline as she attends charity ball in style Elegant  Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica Seen with a laptop-carrying female friend Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? Entertainer's name dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy... as he reveals his extreme 'pineapple and nuts' diet Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez Famed for her curves Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump in blue satin kimono as she enjoys a tennis match from the sidelines PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Wright flashes a hint of underboob and flaunts her toned abs as she takes a dip in the sea with her personal trainer in Dubai My toyboy ex-lover is dead and I'm racked with grief This week BEL MOONEY advises Diana, who is heartbroken after her former lover's death Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Very chiseled legs Sadie Frost cuts an elegant figure in a green silk gown alongside boyfriend Darren Strowger at Epsom races... after sparking split speculation following VERY public row Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert She took centre stage Make-up free Lisa Snowdon, 45, goes NAKED as she strips off for steamy bathtub photograph The radio personality, 45, left little to imagination Working up a sweat! Bella Thorne is seen with rumored on-again actor beau Gregg Sulkin at his soccer game They both wore a sheepish look Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat Sporty Glamorous Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Family time Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Legs for days! Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom in a black bikini on a seaside getaway after completing her work on Britain's Next Top Model Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester concert Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York The Adidas ambassador opted for a chic outfit 'She was full on NAKED!' Horrified Nick Grimshaw reveals Rita Ora WEED in a bin in front of him at Radio 1's Big Weekend... (and he had to clean it up!) Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? How his name has been dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages over the pool party death arrest  'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Birds of a feather flock together No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event Bold and bright Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend  She's said to be 'head over heels'  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Styled by Moschino Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with footballer beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht trip Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Locks cascading down Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Usually in underwear Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back She sure is winning SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's David Platt joins Shona Ramsey in hunt for groomed niece Bethany after gang rape scene Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Sealed with a kiss! Joey Essex puckers up with bikini-clad girlfriend Georgie Purves as the pair enjoy lunch at an Ibiza beach bar All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram 'He nearly weed in my mouth!' Kieron Richardson reveals perils of fatherhood... as he reveals he chose the names of newborn twins Chase and Phoebe in a chicken restaurant 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself ready for a workout Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine Looked as delectable as her own dishes 'It sucks': Jon Hamm talks Jennifer Westfeldt split as he admits he may be a 'narcissist' and is 'damaged'... after 'flirting' with Kate Beckinsale Singer Brandy taken to hospital after 'falling unconscious on Delta flight' as plane was about to take off in LA The hit maker was flying to New York City  Just an ordinary girl! Drew Barrymore puts her make-up on in the subway carriage window Not with the entourage you expect of A-listers Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with husband Marcus Mumford ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC She still lives with her parents A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at LA screening for his new movie Baby Driver Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping their romance out of the spotlight 'They've brought a whole new energy with them': Sarah Jayne Dunn reunites with screen boyfriend Gary Lucy as she returns to Hollyoaks after six-year absence Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot Skintight crimson cocktail dress  Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her growing baby bump in breezy maxi dress as she greets a pal over lunch with boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson 'Get her Ofcom!' TV watchdogs assess Amanda Holden's plunging gown that outraged BGT viewers after it receives MORE complaints than Corrie's gang rape episode The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City 'Wedding vibes!' Kate Wright wears a low-cut dress and gets into the celebratory spirit at a friend's nuptials... as her supposed romance with Rio Ferdinand continues 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Baby-moon continued on Friday Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Looked stunning Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of the ravages of war What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Smiling happily Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke hits back at 'divisive and patronising' campaign to stop the band playing in Israel, calling it a 'waste of energy' Melanie Sykes, 46, showcases her rock hard stomach in a sizzling mirror snap... after proving that she's always had the same gym-honed physique Missing People Choir sing their hearts out as they rehearse for Britain's Got Talent semi-final... after Simon Cowell tipped the group for victory  'You are labelled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Klass-y lady: Myleene dresses for summer in a blush pink lace midi dress and wedge heels as she arrives at Smooth Radio Fabulous physique Sean Penn was 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after a fellow passenger on a Delta flight was 'rude' about star's carry-on bags 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Shared a photo of a card that said 'It's a guy' Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's benefit concert for victims of the Manchester suicide attack  Beaming Alexa Chung turns rock chick in racy leather biker dress with zip-detail as she flaunts her endless legs during Paris outing The Dowager would approve! Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville looks suitably dapper as he joins glam wife at Epsom racecourse Ivanka Trump sports a bold lipstick and a short monochrome dress to face soaring temperatures in D.C. Knock knock! Casey Batchelor gets caught answering her front door in nothing but busty lingerie and a sexy silk robe Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she heckles Golden State Warriors player Kevin Durant during NBA Finals Chris Clark and Amber Dowding put on a defiant front as they smooch at birthday meal... after the TOWIE star admitted the REAL reason behind his split from Jesy Nelson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... as dad Joe sits in prison So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at the airport after quitting hit show Still looked stunning EXCLUSIVE Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented artist's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes shots Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair during walk in LA... a week after letting her natural colour shine through Star studded sunnies! FEMAIL chats with Jeremy Piven about his under sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn steals limelight at wrap party... as Nathan Henry and beau Craig Richards show off romance on show for the first time Ex-Geordie Shore star Chantelle Connelly and Love Island's Katie Salmon flaunt their ample assets as they go TOPLESS while hitting beach in Ibiza 'We are not here to talk about that!' Caroline Flack refuses to answer questions about her alleged new boyfriend in Love Island interview live from the new villa 'Look how cute you are!' Beth Ditto flirts up a storm with Rochelle Humes during TV interview... and forgets that it's her wedding anniversary with wife Arnold Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he's living on another planet  Lucy Fallon recalls the moment tearful sexual abuse survivor praised her Corrie grooming storyline as she laid flowers for victims of Manchester bombing Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom Ellie Goulding puts on a VERY busty display in sizzling bikini selfie... after performing at charity fundraiser Actress Tina Hobley bemoans the 'extraordinary' lack of female radio presenters as she reveals the joys of hosting her own drive time show Something boring you? Bella Thorne, 19, leaves a sweaty gym session with her sister Dani, 24... but the pair are glued to their phones Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Irina Shayk beams as she's seen with baby daughter Lea de Seine for first time during LA stroll... as daddy Bradley Cooper shoots new movie nearby Paying the Price! Former glamour model Katie gets ANOTHER parking ticket slapped on her lavish £70,000 pink Range Rover 'How can you be 50 and think that?' The Chase fans left stunned by 'dim witted' answer from contestant who thought the Statue of Liberty was PINK Love Island's Olivia Buckland showcases her curves in a nude one piece at her swimwear launch... as she puts on a loved-up display with fiancé Alex Bowen Evan Rachel Wood debuts quirky ombre turquoise hair as she cuddles her son, 3, while arriving at LAX airport 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles And on the tenth day, there was rest for Lord Disick: Bleary-eyed Scott enjoys solo night out... after raucous week in Cannes surrounded by glam women SPOILER ALERT: The Taylor family are set to stir up trouble when they move to Albert Square... as EastEnders bosses tease an 'explosive' summer 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen introduces pretty blonde Jools as the pair celebrate his daughter's 12th birthday She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her flexibility as she partakes in a workout session in Japan Caring Brad Pitt treats the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood following his sudden death Bad Mrs Claus! Uma Thurman takes a cigarette break on set of her new movie The War With Grandpa while dressed in a Santa-inspired costume That's a far cry from Elm Street! Freddy Krueger icon Robert Englund, 69, hobbles with a cane after breaking his foot as he jets out of LA airport Tom Cruise reveals he did own zero-gravity stunt on The Mummy... as co-star Annabelle Wallis says it was 'incredible she didn't vomit on him' Natasha Hamilton cuts an edgy figure in flesh-flashing slashed jeans paired with plunging tee as she takes daughter Ella into London hotel Stalk much? Tyga likes a comment left by fan on obscure celeb Instagram account throwing shade at his ex Kylie Jenner No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Pierce Brosnan and beloved wife Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX following romantic Hawaii getaway  What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Heath Ledger's family attend scholarship dinner honouring the late actor as Sydney actor walks away with the prize Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun The grand finale! Suited Justin Theroux attends special final episode screening of his hit series The Leftovers in New York City Sandra Bullock gives her son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Was in a very playful mood on Thursday Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglass launch in West Hollywood Bringing back the fanny pack! Kendall Jenner finishes off a shoulder-less romper with a Louis Vuitton bum bag as she heads to NYC 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Olivia Newton-John and daughter Chloe Lattanzi in Sharknado 5... following Grease star's devastating breast cancer diagnosis Whip it real good! Leather-clad Hilary Duff plays a dominatrix in season four trailer for Younger which features guest star Kristin Chenoweth Tom Hughes played the charismatic, psychotic, rat-catcher/killer. But the woman he was stalking seemed just as unhinged in Paula Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News INTERVIEW-Aeroflot says new Russian jet 'serious' competitor to Boeing, Airbus Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-04:53pm , Reuters Russia's new MS-21 passenger plane, its first domestically-built mainline commercial aircraft since the collapse of the Soviet Union, is a serious venture capable of competing with industry heavyweights Airbus and Boeing, the head of national airline Aeroflot told Reuters on Friday. Russia carried out the MS-21's maiden flight on Sunday and has heralded the twin-engine jet as a domestic alternative to those made by America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus, which dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Manufacturer Irkut Corporation and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) say the new plane is more efficient than its Western counterparts, but analysts warn Russia faces a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "If they achieve the goals they announced, then this is of course a serious plane. It is a real plane which will compete with Boeing and with Airbus," Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev told Reuters in an interview at an economic forum in St Petersburg. "I think this will be a serious machine," he added. "It will be light, economical and effective. Now we are simply waiting for it." Flag carrier Aeroflot, which operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, has yet to sign any purchase contracts for the MS-21. But the company expects to do so this year and state defence conglomerate Rostec has already said it will lease at least 50 MS-21 planes to the airline. Savelyev said he expected the first delivery to be made in 2019 and 40 percent of Aeroflot's fleet would be made up of domestic aircraft by 2023. NO PRESSURE No official price has been announced, but it will have to be competitive to justify future purchases, Savelyev said. "We, as consumers, cannot take a plane that is more expensive than competing versions abroad. If we are to do it, it has to be at a competitive price," he said. The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. Majority state-owned Aeroflot is sometimes seen as making business decisions which primarily benefit the Russian government, such as a move in 2015 to buy a 75-percent stake in failing competitor Transaero. The purchase was later abandoned and Aeroflot agreed to fulfil Transaero's ticket obligations at the state's request. Savelyev said he had come under no pressure to support the MS-21, which the government is hoping will help rejuvenate domestic industrial production and make the country less dependent on foreign firms. "We are a commercial company, there is no pressure on us or instructions to buy Russian planes," he said. "We would like there to be a domestic aircraft, because every airline all over the world tries to support domestic producers." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Indian-origin Leo Varadkar becomes Irish PM-in-waiting World Four killed in Kabul street clashes over lethal bombing World Climate change undeniable: UN chief Antonio Guterres after US' withdrawal out of Paris agreement World Human error led to British Airways chaos, disrupting travel plans of 75,000 passengers World Islamic State claims responsibility for Manila casino attack World Drop dead, says Trump to the world: How world media reacted to US pulling out of Paris Climate deal Next Article > Modi offers sacred 'Urga Kanjur' text to Buddhist Temple head priest in Russia Live Cricket Score Sri Lanka vs South Africa Sat, 3 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Next node Modi offers sacred 'Urga Kanjur' text to Buddhist Temple head priest in Russia Related Geneva: Aeroflot plane evacuated after bomb threat, man arrested Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Aeroflot Russia Vitaly Savelyev Irkut Corporation Reuters United Aircraft Corporation Rostec Soviet Union Europe Airbus Transaero St Petersburg SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Afghan authorities lock down Kabul after protest clashes Maneka Gandhi to undergo gall bladder surgery in few days, confirms son Varun UK Conservatives pledge no tax hike for top earners as vote nears Joint patrols off Mindanao to fight militants: Malaysia Arunachal CM discusses telecom connectivity with Union Sport It was probably one of our worst bowling displays: Smith Hockey: India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it West Indies v/s Afghanistan: Sunil Narine shines in Caribbean side's six-wicket win over guests Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble rift: Sourav Ganguly has a curt advice for Indian skipper and coach Entertainment Leah Remini joins 'Kevin Can Wait' season 2 as series regular Rawal unapologetic on Roy tweet, says it is 'freedom of Patty Jenkins already signed on for 'Wonder Woman' sequel Arjun Kapoor tried THIS detox and FAILED at it! Ariana Grande visits fans in UK hospital ahead of benefit gig Money 15th GST Council meeting begins, rates of 6 items to be decided Tight security for UP CM's visit to Vindhyanchal Temple Trump climate move could divert FDI, spark litigation - U.N. Soccer-Argentine championship results and standings WRAPUP 6-U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 pct Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States United Launches Longest Flight From US at 8,700 Miles By Douglas A. McIntyre June 2, 2017 6:10 am EDT Print Email Tweet United Airlines will start the longest flight between a U.S. location and any airport in the world. The service, which will cover 8,700 miles, will run between Los Angeles and Singapore. United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL) will use a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner plane for the flight. The aircraft builder launched the plane in 2009 and delivered the first one to Nippon Airlines in 2011. It can hold over 300 passengers. It is good for long-range flights because Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) has taken as much weight off its frame as possible, mostly through the use of composite material. Boeing says it has made 541 of the planes. Boeing’s price for the plane is $270 million, although carriers rarely pay the list price. Lighter planes have become the key to longer flights. On top of that, international travel has surged. According to a leading industry group: The International Air Transport Association (IATA) announced full-year global passenger traffic results for 2016 showing demand (revenue passenger kilometers or RPKs) rose 6.3% compared to 2015 (or 6.0% if adjusted for the leap year). This strong performance was well ahead of the ten-year average annual growth rate of 5.5%. Capacity rose 6.2% (unadjusted) compared to 2015, pushing the load factor up 0.1 percentage points to a record full-year average high of 80.5%. The rise in load and drop in fuel prices make these long routes more profitable than they would have been several years ago. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Wal-Mart Warehouse Clearance, Another Threat to Competition Retailers Announce Most Job Cuts of Any Category, Says Challenger Gray Report » Read more: Transportation, airlines, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), United Continental Holdings, I... (NYSE:UAL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools 26 National Monuments President Trump Wants to Shut Down America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Cars So Hot They're Out of Stock The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent Hewlett-Packard, Exxon Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, 3M Dominate the DJIA Friday Apps Developers Have Scored $70 Billion From Apple 15 Companies Bracing for Big ASCO Reactions Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The 3 Best IT Services Companies to Buy in 2017 Why Amazon's Pharmacy Idea Just Might Work Apple, Inc.'s WWDC: What to Expect Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Dow finishes with a weekly gain of 0.6%; S&P 500 posts a 0.9% weekly advance Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Wall Street week ahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Venezuelan president moves forward on constitution assembly Jack O’Neill, Founder Of Iconic Surf Brand, Dies At 94 Kate Middleton Can't Get Enough Of These Classic White Sneakers Men Really Do Get Less Sexist When They Have Daughters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.34 Million Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Sells 20 Shares of Union Pacific Co. (UNP) NBT Bank N A NY Increases Stake in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) 3,425 Shares in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Acquired by First Mercantile Trust Co. Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Atlantic Securities Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Havens Advisors LLC Has $656,000 Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sigma Planning Corp Acquires 8,780 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Court Place Advisors LLC maintained its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,480 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $262,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Brown Advisory Inc. raised its position in Boeing by 16.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 37,625 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $5,856,000 after buying an additional 5,192 shares during the period. Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,339,000. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its position in Boeing by 100.7% in the first quarter. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 38,289 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,772,000 after buying an additional 19,213 shares during the period. GLG LLC bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $4,988,000. Finally, Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,704,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE BA) opened at 187.32 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $113.06 billion, a PE ratio of 23.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $188.26. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $182.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $169.66. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. Boeing’s quarterly revenue was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.74 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/court-place-advisors-llc-continues-to-hold-stake-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the company. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on Boeing from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Vetr upgraded Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $199.85 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Boeing from $205.00 to $210.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $170.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $167.52. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 7,986 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.78, for a total transaction of $1,467,667.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 39,251 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,213,548.78. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,169,858.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.34 Million Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Sells 20 Shares of Union Pacific Co. (UNP) NBT Bank N A NY Increases Stake in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) 3,425 Shares in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Acquired by First Mercantile Trust Co. Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Atlantic Securities Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Havens Advisors LLC Has $656,000 Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sigma Planning Corp Acquires 8,780 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Adviser Investments LLC acquired a new position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 21,794 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $3,854,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its position in Boeing by 16.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 37,625 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $5,856,000 after buying an additional 5,192 shares in the last quarter. Cigna Investments Inc. New acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,339,000. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 100.7% in the first quarter. CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 38,289 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $6,772,000 after buying an additional 19,213 shares during the period. GLG LLC acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $4,988,000. Finally, Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,704,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE BA) opened at 187.32 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $182.84 and its 200 day moving average is $169.66. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $188.26. The company has a market capitalization of $113.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.91 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.74 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.25%. WARNING: “Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/adviser-investments-llc-invests-3-85-million-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. Vetr cut shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $157.59 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “hold” rating and issued a $170.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Berenberg Bank assumed coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $202.00 price target for the company. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $167.52. In other news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 5,047 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.83, for a total value of $922,743.01. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 8,829 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,614,206.07. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.34 Million Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Adviser Investments LLC Invests $3.85 Million in Boeing Co (BA) Court Place Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Sells 20 Shares of Union Pacific Co. (UNP) NBT Bank N A NY Increases Stake in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) 3,425 Shares in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Acquired by First Mercantile Trust Co. Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Profund Advisors LLC Has $261,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Atlantic Securities Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Havens Advisors LLC Has $656,000 Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Sigma Planning Corp Acquires 8,780 Shares of Bank of America Corp (BAC) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Sawgrass Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Boeing Co (BA) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sawgrass Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 1,940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $343,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cable Hill Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.5% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 1,674 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $225,000 after buying an additional 8 shares in the last quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 2,898 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $512,000 after buying an additional 9 shares in the last quarter. Vicus Capital raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 1.0% in the first quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 1,382 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $244,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,995 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $353,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Finally, IFC Holdings Incorporated FL raised its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 8,240 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,457,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE BA) opened at 187.32 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $188.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $182.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $169.66. The firm has a market capitalization of $113.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.08 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.74 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/sawgrass-asset-management-llc-buys-new-stake-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on BA shares. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Vetr raised Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $199.85 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, May 18th. Morgan Stanley lowered Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.52. In other news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total transaction of $2,840,601.40. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 43,801 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,042,739.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    ReportsWeb.com added "Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017" to its vast collection of research Database. The report is spread across 113 pages and supported by 13 company leaders. June 2, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- The Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Cyber Weapon industry. In a word, This report studies Cyber Weapon in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer. Key companies included in this research are Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Cisco Systems, McAfee, General Dynamics Corporation, BAE Systems plc, Symantec Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Company, General Dynamics Corporation, BAE System plc, Avast Software and AVG Technologies. Browse complete report @ http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Region, this report splits Global into several key Region, with sales, revenue, market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2011 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India. Firstly, Cyber Weapon Market On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons and Defensive Weapons. On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System, Air Traffic Control, Hospital, Automated Transportation System, Industrial Control System, Communication network, Smart power grid and Others. Request for Sample @ http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811098/sample Major points from Table of Contents: 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 2 Global Cyber Weapon Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Cyber Weapon Production, Revenue (Value) by Regions (2012-2017) 4 Global Cyber Weapon Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 5 Global Cyber Weapon Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Types 6 Global Cyber Weapon Market Analysis by Applications 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Cyber Weapon Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Cyber Weapon Market Forecast (2017-2022) List of Tables and Figures Figure Picture of Cyber Weapon Figure Global Cyber Weapon Production (K Units) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Types (Product Category) (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Production Market Share by Types (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Product Picture of Offensive Weapons Table Major Manufacturers of Offensive Weapons Figure Product Picture of Defensive Weapons Table Major Manufacturers of Defensive Weapons Figure Global Cyber Weapon Consumption (K Units) by Applications (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2016 Figure National Defense System Examples Figure Air Traffic Control Examples Figure Hospital Examples Figure Automated Transportation System Examples Figure Industrial Control System Examples Figure Communication network Examples Figure Smart power grid Examples Figure Others Examples Figure Global Cyber Weapon Market Size (Million USD) , Comparison (K Units) and CAGR (%) by Regions (2012-2022) Figure North America Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Europe Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure China Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Major Players Product Capacity (K Units) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Capacity Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure Global Cyber Weapon Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2016 Figure Global Cyber Weapon Capacity (K Units) of Key Manufacturers in 2017 Figure Global Cyber Weapon Major Players Product Production (K Units) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Production (K Units) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Production Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Cyber Weapon Production Share by Manufacturers Figure 2017 Cyber Weapon Production Share by Manufacturers Figure Global Cyber Weapon Major Players Product Revenue (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Revenue (Million USD) by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) Table 2016 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table 2017 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Share by Manufacturers Table Global Market Cyber Weapon Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Manufacturers (2012-2017) Figure Global Market Cyber Weapon Average Price (USD/Unit) of Key Manufacturers in 2016 Table Manufacturers Cyber Weapon Manufacturing Base Distribution and Sales Area Place a Direct Purchase Order of Complete Report @ http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001811098/buy/2900 Contact Info: Name: Sameer Joshi Email: sales@reportsweb.com Organization: ReportsWeb Address: Pune, India. Phone: +1-646-491-9876 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/cyber-weapon-market-by-type-product-application-region-outlook-and-forecast-to-2022/204557 For more information, please visit http://www.reportsweb.com/global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204557 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Etihad says to expand Dreamliner network in Europe Abu Dhabi airline plans to launch flagship long-haul aircraft on routes to Amsterdam and Madrid Article Photos By Staff writer Friday, 2 June 2017 12:59 AM Etihad Airways has announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 aircraft to Amsterdam and Madrid. The 299-seat Dreamliners will be introduced on year-round scheduled services to Amsterdam from September, and to Madrid, effective October 1, joining Düsseldorf and Zurich as the airline’s other European Dreamliner services. The 787-9 will also operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months, Etihad said in a statement. With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the aircraft are gradually being introduced on a number of international routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub, it added. Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 13 Boeing 787-9s to 11 destinations – Washington, Düsseldorf, Zurich, Johannesburg, Amman, Riyadh, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, Perth and Brisbane from Abu Dhabi. Beirut, Beijing, Seoul and Melbourne are due to join the 787 network over the next few months. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways CEO, said: “With two of Etihad Airways’ most popular European destinations joining our 787 network later this year, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft. "The 787 is fast becoming our flagship long-haul aircraft and as more are delivered, we will continue to look at upgrading existing routes with these excellent planes.” Etihad Airways has pending deliveries of a further 58 Dreamliners over the next few years. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories Etihad says all Sydney flights to be served by A380 Etihad announces 6% passenger increase amid 'tough' conditions Etihad unveils plan to deploy new 787 Dreamliner aircraft Etihad says to expand flights to India's Bengaluru Galleries Revealed: Top 10 airlines in the world Companies Etihad Airways Also in Transport Emirates says to double A380 flights to UK's second city US-Gulf flights demand slumps for first time in 7 years Also in UAE UAE launches free mobile breast cancer clinics Dubai says on course to become global Islamic economy capital Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Etihad Airways Get E-Mail Alerts Transport Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from Saudi Arabia »           View complete list Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: World's first 'Robocop' at the Ramadan cannon in Dubai In pictures: Muslims in Dubai break their fast Revealed: 11 iftars in Dubai to try this Ramadan In pictures: BlackBerry KEYone Revealed: A $6.5m eco-friendly villa in Al Barari, Dubai In pictures: Saudi Deputy Crown Prince visits Russia In pictures: Remembering John F. Kennedy on his 100th birthday In pictures: Dangerous cyclone Mora hits Bangladesh thousands displaced In pictures: Rulers of the UAE and the Crown Princes exchange Ramadan greetings In pictures: Palestinian artists recreated sculptures resembling Egypt's landmark sites In pictures: Sri Lanka flood and landslides leaves more than 100 dead In pictures: Dubai Font letter erected around the city In pictures: Indian Muslims mark first day of Ramadan In pictures: Thousands take part in 2017 Great Manchester Run In pictures: Dubai-born driver finishes third in 101st Indianapolis 500 In pictures: Saudis on the first day of Ramadan Video: A $6.5m eco-friendly villa in Al Barari, Dubai Video: US Muslims show spirit of Ramadan with charity Video: The art of Islamic patterns Video: Eiffel Tower lights turned off in honour of Kabul bombing victims Video: Baghdad camera catches ice cream shop bomb Video: Android founder Andy Rubin unveiled the new essential phone Ph-1 Video: Jeff Bezos may dethrone Gates as the world's richest man Video: Iranian Ronaldo lookalike becomes famous Video: Anti-terrorism commercial goes viral in the Middle East Video: Muslims in Manchester hold peace march following last week's deadly attack Video: Disruption continues at British Airways Video: Amazon killed the bookstore. Now it's opening one Video: Iranian snooker looks forward to world championships Video: Fitness trackers are terrible at counting calories Video: Deadly ambush on Coptic Christians in southern Egypt Video: Google's concept car ... operating system Features & Analysis The cost of the US laptop ban Aviation analysts and airline bosses are warning of significant... 1 Q&A: The laptop ban and what it means when flying from Dubai and Abu Dhabi Couldn't a laptop with a bomb inside still pose a danger within... After all the hype, what's the future for Hyperloop One Los Angeles-based Hyperloop One may have struck a deal this month... 1 Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. Abu Dhabi-backed Manchester City doubles profits 2. Founder of Dubai-based Pacific Controls jailed for three years 3. Abu Dhabi's Man City charged by FA over anti-doping rules 4. MBC TV steps up Dubai security following terror threats 5. Four UAE banks get rating upgrades 1. Dubai 100: the most influential people in the emirate 2. In pictures: Remembering John F. Kennedy on his 100th birthday 3. In pictures: World's first 'Robocop' at the Ramadan cannon in Dubai 4. Revealed: A $6.5m eco-friendly villa in Al Barari, Dubai 1. Video: Iranian Ronaldo lookalike becomes famous 1. United Airlines ends commercial ties with Emirates, flydubai Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 1 United Airlines ends commercial ties with Emirates, flydubai Once again, shooting themselves in the foot, so to speak. The US airlines continue on about the ME3 which is a shame... less tourism, less business. Soon... more Thursday, 1 June 2017 1:01 PM - MattJ Read all user comments » 9 Revealed: huge disparity in Dubai school fees I recall a recent study by Alpen Capital suggesting that the average cost of a child's entire life of schooling in Dubai is about AED 1 million. Although... more Monday, 29 May 2017 9:21 AM - New Expat 5 How Saudi Arabia blundered into OPEC oil cut Before Saudi Arabia's decision to move to unlimited production, analysts broadly thought break-even for shale was usd80. After the move, shale producers... more Tuesday, 30 May 2017 12:44 PM - Anastasios Dalgiannakis 2 One killed, 14 injured in multiple Dubai crashes The drivers should pay attention to driving and not their phones, social media is the problem, see it everyday, cars all over the road taking up 2 lanes... more Tuesday, 30 May 2017 9:07 AM - Good driver Read all user comments » 41 UAE school fees are far too high, says Emaar chairman Other than the high fees..hidden profits being made in the form of huge mark ups on text books, uniforms, shoes even...then there is fees for participation... more Sunday, 14 May 2017 11:17 AM - Joseph 19 It's time for restaurants to stop shaming smokers Comparing Driving to Smoking is the most shameless ploy to convince people that we should not persecute smokers. If your vehicle hits someone... more Thursday, 25 May 2017 12:47 PM - Elkhorn 16 Dubai's Alabbar hit a nerve with residents Am quiet angry that Mr Al Abbar talks about high school fees and conveniently forgets about high mall rates, high community fees in his master communities... more Friday, 19 May 2017 12:22 PM - Vito rammuzzi Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Defense Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals Canada says it wants to resolve Boeing spat, but won't ignore national interests Nyshka Chandran | @nyshkac Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 1:25 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Canada Natl Defense Min on multilateralism, NATO spending    Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 11:51 PM ET | 02:42 Canada is hopeful for a resolution to its ongoing spat with Boeing but will not shy away from defending national interests, Minister of National Defense Harjit Sajjan told CNBC on Friday. "We're very disappointed with the actions Boeing has taken against Bombardier...We believe (Boeing's) position is unfounded," Sajjan said on the sidelines of the Shangri-La Dialogue, an annual meeting of global defense officials. Ottawa is currently reviewing defense procurements with the U.S. aerospace giant, Sajjan added, which include 18 Boeing Super Hornet jets. In May, Boeing launched a trade complaint against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, alleging the Montreal-based firm receives government subsidies that allow it to sell planes at below-market prices. Canada's defense policy report on June 7 is expected to shed more details on the country's future investments and purchases, including the proposed Boeing orders. show chapters Canada's defense minister warns on foreign fighters    Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 12:00 AM ET | 02:21 "We're hopeful things can be resolved, but we have to stand up for Canadian interests," stated Sajjan, who became the nation's first Sikh defense minister after being appointed to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's cabinet in 2015. A decorated lieutenant-colonel, 46-year old Sajjan clarified that his government was looking into the situation in its entirety, explaining the county's long relationship with the firm. "Boeing has been a very credible partner on various other procurements and we'd like that to continue," Sajjan said. "As a minister, I need to make sure the Canadian armed forces have all the right tools." Nyshka ChandranReporter, CNBC Asia-Pacific Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BBD.B --- BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
03/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programmes Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All Programmes Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views Europe 01/06/2017 EU and China join forces to tackle Trump over climate change Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are both ready to contribute to stability in the world." Europe 01/06/2017 Soros urges EU to keep Poland and Hungary in democratic check Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am full of admiration for the courageous way the Hungarian people have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state the Orban regime has established" World 30/05/2017 Fabiola Gianotti, CERN: "95% of the universe is unknown to us." Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What is visible when we look at stars, planets and galaxies only represents 5% of the universe. The other 95% is made up of (dark) matter and energy that we do not know." Fabiola Gianotti Director-General, CERN World 29/05/2017 Cecilia Schelin Seidegard: "Gotland is strategic since the vikings" Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You can control the Baltic sea if you have Gotland" Cecilia Schelin Seidegard Governor of Gotland World 29/05/2017 Does Poland need weekend soldiers? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It means 50 000 voters plus families..." Slawomir Sierakowski Political analyst World 29/05/2017 Ramadan explained Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Better than a thousand months." World 26/05/2017 'Europe not doing so bad' says Germany's Schäuble Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Don't underestimate European economies, European societies" Wolfgang Schäuble German Finance Minister Sci-tech 25/05/2017 Cassini-Huygens's extraordinary journey around Saturn Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Now the really exciting bit, we're passing between the atmosphere and the ring system of Saturn" Geraint Jones Head of Planetary Science, Mullard Space Science Laboratory more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message Aa Aa Now Reading: Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message 01/06/2017 Canada seeks tough line on Boeing jets but sends mixed message REUTERS 01/06/2017 By Leah Schnurr OTTAWA (Reuters) – Canada, embroiled in a dispute with Boeing Corp <BA.N>, tried to hit out at the U.S. firm for the second day in a row on Thursday but stumbled over whether talks over a proposed jet purchase had been suspended or not. The Liberal government, angry that Boeing has launched a trade challenge against Canadian planemaker Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>, is threatening to scrap plans to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters. Steven MacKinnon, parliamentary secretary to Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote, told reporters that Boeing “is not acting like a valued partner right now so we’ve suspended discussions with that partner.” Minutes later, Foote spokeswoman Annie Trepanier said that while government ministers were not talking to the company, “there is no formal suspension.” Earlier in the day Boeing scrapped an announcement about the jets, a day after Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan objected to the firm’s behaviour in the dispute against Bombardier. The company had been due to announce which Canadian companies would benefit if the purchase went ahead. Boeing has 560 suppliers in Canada. “Due to the current climate, today is not the most opportune time to share this good news story,” Boeing spokesman Scott Day said in a statement issued at an Ottawa defence show. While he did not specifically refer to the trade dispute, his comments appeared to be a reference to growing tensions between Ottawa and the firm. The Boeing saga has increased tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement. Last month, Canada said it “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies. Even lower-level Canadian officials were not visiting the company’s stand at the Ottawa defence show, said one source familiar with the matter who did not want to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. Sajjan on Wednesday said the firm would be a trusted military ally in decades to come, but he complained the anti-dumping petition against Bombardier was “not the behaviour we expect of a trusted partner”. Canada says it needs the Super Hornets as a stopgap until it can launch an open competition to replace its fleet of aging Boeing CF-18 planes. A Super Hornet deal would generate new in-service support contracts for industry in Canada’s aerospace hub of Quebec, where existing CF-18s are now maintained. (Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories world news 02/06/2017 Global leaders up in arms at Trump's climate decision Russia 02/06/2017 Putin put on the spot over Russia and Trump Philippines 02/06/2017 At least 34 dead in Manila casino attack Most viewed Philippines 02/06/2017 ISIL's attack on Marawi a signal of intent in the Philippines world news 02/06/2017 NBA player and Erdoğan-critic Enes Kanter's father arrest in Turkey View 02/06/2017 The historic scale of Donald Trump’s mistake world news 02/06/2017 School bus narrowly avoids collision with lorry in Australia Russia 02/06/2017 Putin put on the spot over Russia and Trump Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know world news 01/06/2017 Who do Euronews journalists think will win the UEFA Champions League? View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? Flashback: one year ago France 03/06/2016 Paris in flood: transport chaos and museum closures cause pandemonium state of the union 03/06/2016 State of the Union: Floods hit Europe world news 03/06/2016 Europe's Copernicus emergency system activated to manage floods economy 03/06/2016 Greek businesses welcome tourist influx, worry about tax hike effects the global conversation 03/06/2016 Mikhail Khodorkovsky: "Russia deserves better" Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know world news 01/06/2017 Who do Euronews journalists think will win the UEFA Champions League? View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? world news 31/05/2017 Inside the Morgan Motor Factory View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? View 02/06/2017 The historic scale of Donald Trump’s mistake world news 31/05/2017 MEPs using taxpayers' money to rent offices from themselves world news 31/05/2017 What are the Brexit policies in the UK election? world news 02/06/2017 Return to earth for France's astronaut photographer Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags Donald Trump Global warming and climate change USA European politics COP21 ISS Business Russia Channels Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes Services Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video All Programmes 03/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:03 GMT, Jun 03, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral Boeing’s stealthy Pegasus air tankers to refuel USAF jets in complete darkness (PHOTOS) Published time: 2 Jun, 2017 02:24 Edited time: 2 Jun, 2017 02:31 Get short URL Boeing's KC-46 © Christopher Okula / Reuters The first air tanker in world military history that can refuel planes in complete darkness is undergoing tests ahead of the expected US Air Force acquisition. A total of 179 of Boeing’s KC-46 'Pegasus' tankers will be delivered by the end of the 2017. TrendsViral The new fleet of ‘aerial gas stations’ are set to replace their predecessors, the KC-135 Stratotankers, which have been in service since the Eisenhower administration. In an emergency, the new KC-46 is also capable of carrying over 100 troops, 54 medical patients or 65,000 pounds (29,500 kg) of cargo, reports CNN Money. Boeing-USAF KC-46A tanker undergoing electromagnetic testing in world's largest anechoic chamber at Edwards AFB #USAF #Boeing #KC46 #Tanker A post shared by The Boeing Company (@boeing) on May 26, 2017 at 9:22am PDT The US Department of Defense has allotted $3.1 billion of its requested 2018 budget of $639.1 billion to pay for just 15 of the tankers. The Pegasus boasts an array of aerial countermeasures to defend against anti-air missiles. It also houses a suite of high definition cameras and infrared lights which allow it to carry out its stealthy midair refueling operations. The BAF, operated by the 772nd Test Squadron, is the largest anechoic chamber in the world and can fit most aircraft inside. It provides a free space so electronic warfare tests can be conducted without radio frequency interference from the outside world. The chamber is filled with polyurethane and polyethylene pyramids designed to stop reflections of electromagnetic waves. (U.S. Air Force photo by Christopher Okula) #AnechoicChamber #LightAndSpace #acoustics #silence #engineering #POTD #PhotoOfTheDay #AirForce #USAF #KC46 A post shared by U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) on Jun 1, 2017 at 6:52am PDT The 'gas station attendant' commands a high-tech system which includes stereoscopic cameras with 185-degree visibility projected through 3D glasses to give the boom operator complete depth perception. This project has proven to be somewhat of a coup for Boeing, as US military top brass have remained skeptical throughout the project's development. The first successful 'lights out' test was carried out in December when the KC-46 refueled a massive C-17 cargo plane in pitch black skies. World's largest airplane poised for test flights into orbit (VIDEO, PHOTOS) https://t.co/NlshkHY4OTpic.twitter.com/l1NqQrHqGN— RT (@RT_com) June 1, 2017 The KC-46 is specifically designed for combat operations with an impressive 10-minute start up time from hangar to take off. This is made possible by the access hatch underneath the plane's nose which removes the need for boarding staircases for the crew. The refueling boom that was specifically designed for USAF jets boasts an impressive 1,200 gallons per minute pump speed, enough to fill an average passenger car in less than a second. Non-USAF jets have to make do with two additional refuelling pods housed under the wings which pump at 400 gallons per minute. The Pegasus has a totally capacity of just under 32,000 gallons Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Bill Cosby Scandal ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story The Week in Pictures: May 26 - June 2 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN ONLY > Always There To Keep You At The Ready You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Always There To Keep You At The Ready Jun 5, 2017 Boeing | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 View the Boeing: Always There To Keep You AT The Ready in PDF format. Always There To Keep You AT The Ready. ANALYZING AND OPTIMIZING. Wherever the mission takes you, Boeing will be there to interpret complex data, derive business intelligence, and deliver actionable insight across a wide range of programs for improved performance and readiness. Working together with customers, our unparalleled ability to provide the right information quickly results in more efficient management and ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Always There To Keep You At The Ready".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles U.S. Air Force Secretary: Service May Delay A-10 Retirement 227   Always There To Keep You At The Ready   Controversy Flares Over F-35 Air Combat Report 323   Congress Wants A-10 vs. F-35 Flyoff 245   Weapons Tester Cites Further F-35 Challenges 218   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Aug 21, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com A Better Way to Manage Airports: Passenger Analytics Airport managers increasingly face operational challenges from steady passenger growth, terminal congestion, rising costs, and difficulty in funding infrastructure. These factors are a simple recipe for deficient facilities, poor service, and unhappy passengers....More Oct 13, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Aviation Cybersecurity Research 2 Aviation and cybersecurity go hand in hand. Computer systems are the driving force behind the aviation industry, and ensuring the right security measures are in place is paramount to operational wellbeing....More Sep 27, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Better International Trip Planning The aviation world is changing from top to bottom; those who don’t keep up are aced out. If you don’t have the right equipment, permits, and know how, you may not be allowed to complete your Point A to Point B objectives....More Oct 31, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com FANS 101: What You Need to Know About FANS/1A 1 FANS, the Future Air Navigation System, is a vital building block for an advanced satellite-based air traffic control system unconstrained by outmoded radar technology....More Sep 28, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com HPE MRO Technologies A number of new technologies are poised to change the game in aviation maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO). These technologies include highly visible innovations such as...More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner close breaking news Advertisement Business Boeing delays delivery of third 737 MAX jetliner A Boeing 737 MAX sits outside the hangar during a media tour of the Boeing 737 MAX at the Boeing plant in Renton, Washington December 8, 2015. REUTERS/Matt Mills McKnight 03 Jun 2017 05:15AM (Updated: 03 Jun 2017 02:58PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SEATTLE: Boeing Co said on Friday it had delayed the delivery of its third 737 MAX jetliner, set for next week to Norwegian Air Shuttle, a move that comes after a brief delay in delivery of the first MAX last month. The 737 MAX is the latest version of Boeing's best-selling aircraft. Boeing did not elaborate on the cause of the delay. "Boeing has informed us that the delivery of our first 737 MAX is postponed until the end of June. This will not affect our operation or our passengers," Norwegian Air said in a statement. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m project to build weapon that can take out several warheads at once Budget request for $259 million aims to speed up development of technology Multi-Object Kill Vehicle could take out multiple warheads, or one and decoys MDA awarded $58.6 million 35-month contract to Boeing to demonstrate MOKV By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 18:06 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 19:31 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 11 shares 33 View comments The Pentagon has accelerated its plans to develop a Multi-Object Kill Vehicle – a warhead interceptor that can take out multiple threats at once. A budget request for $259 million aims to speed up the development of the technology, and see it achieve ‘demonstrated capability’ by 2025, five years earlier than previously estimated. It comes as North Korea is thought to be working on decoy-firing missiles, but officials say the move is not in response to any specific threats, according to Defense One. Scroll down for video  The Pentagon has accelerated its plans to develop a Multi-Object Kill Vehicle – a warhead interceptor that can take out a missile and its decoys at the same time. A concept photo of the technology is pictured WHAT IS THE MOKV?  The Multi-Object Kill Vehicle would be able to take out several incoming warheads, or a warhead along with any decoys it releases - all at the same time. The ‘rational behind the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle program,’ is that ‘the more kill vehicles we can put on an interceptor, the greater raid capacity our Ground-based Midcourse Defense system will have,’ the Missile Defense Agency explained in a proposal last year. This technology could ultimately ‘revolutionize our missile defense architecture.’ ‘We have accelerated MOKV risk reduction and product development phases to achieve a demonstrated capability in the 2025 timeframe,’ an official from the Missile Defense Agency told Defense One in an email. It’s ‘not in response to any specific intelligence, but to stay ahead of potential future threats,’ the official said. The MDA awarded a $58.6 million, 35-month contract to Boeing last month to demonstrate the technology. This type of 'kill vehicle' would be able to take out several threats at a time - be it several warheads, or a warhead and its decoys, according to Defense One.   Just days ago, the Pentagon tested a Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptor at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The technology was used to disable a mock intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) launched above the Pacific Ocean. Footage of the test, which was hailed a success, reveals the moment the interceptor roared toward the fake warhead, before colliding into it in a flash of light and heat. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will... Can't place that face? Researchers reveal how facial... Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese... What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36... Share this article Share 11 shares But, as weapons capabilities continue to grow, the US government is working to stay on top of the advancing threats. This includes the possibility of missiles that can fire decoys to trick the interceptor, according to Defense One. The ‘rational behind the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle program,’ according to an MDA statement from last year, is that ‘the more kill vehicles we can put on an interceptor, the greater raid capacity our Ground-based Midcourse Defense system will have.’ This technology could ultimately ‘revolutionize our missile defense architecture.’ The MDA awarded a $58.6 million, 35-month contract to Boeing last month to demonstrate the technology. This type of 'kill vehicle' would be able to take out several threats at a time - be it several warheads, or a warhead and its decoys, according to Defense One The Pentagon is looking to see the MOKV program move into a new development phase, following an initial study contract in 2015 which had Boeing design and develop the contract. According to Boeing, the MOKB will increase the ability of interceptors to spot missiles heading toward the US, and destroy them mid-air. ‘Our MOKV concept gives the Missile Defense Agency flexibility in eliminating threats more efficiently and affordably,’ said Paul Geery, vice president, Mission Solutions, Phantom Works. ‘We’ve created a robust, resilient design that benefits from our extensive experience in advanced seekers.’ Read more: Pentagon Accelerates Work on Multi-Warhead Interceptor - Defense One www.mda.mil/glob... Share or comment on this article e-mail 11 shares Most watched News videos Kathy Griffin speaks in public on offensive Trump picture CCTV footage of men leading away woman before raping her Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Man assaults wife and lover after catching them in the act Shocking footage of thieves stealing a MOPED in broad daylight Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Rihanna arrives in plunging white dress at Revolve Social Club Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted airport ahead of concert Footage of man who stole from Portland stabbing victims French President Macron rules out climate renegotiation Corbyn discusses tackling nuclear threats from N Korea and Iran 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!'... Led away by 'Good Samaritan... who gang-raped her in a... Scorned husband stomps on cheating wife and her lover as... 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces... Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at... Parents leave one-year-old BABY girl beside a bin for an... President Steve Bannon? Morning Joe says right-wing Trump... Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's... Fears of 'another Rochdale' as police probe 200 cases of... Schoolgirl, 14, is taken sobbing from her classroom by... Single bungling IT engineer to blame for BA's £150million... Sixth form girls go braless in a show of solidarity for... Driver, 46, who was hounded for a year over a parking... 'I don't see it as such a big deal to have sex with... Cow born with a human-like head is worshipped by Indian... Now ANOTHER poll reveals a plunging Tory lead as a new... Emails show Hillary Clinton didn't want to share a plane... Dramatic moment have-a-go heroes suddenly charge at... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 33 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES Breakthrough in the search for life on Mars as Curiosity finds layered lake that offered ‘multiple opportunities for different types of microbes to survive’ Will Apple unveil its iPhone 8 on MONDAY? Analyst claims there could be a surprise announcement at its developers' conference The future of New York: Shocking video reveals a submerged Manhattan caused by just a 2° C rise in global temperatures Wine-in-a-handbag for women! Fashion accessory is equipped with a 'party pouch' that can pour out up to two bottles of vino and keep it insulated San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that would 'liquefy' the ground 'Your eyes are like morning dew': Scientists reveal the most bizarre chat up lines guaranteed to get you a date (hopefully) Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago reveals many were killed by GUNFIRE during a savage cavalry attack The REAL pirate of the Caribbean: Researchers say 'alien invader' lionfish is killing off newly discovered local species Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m project to build weapon that can take out several warheads at once Virgin Galactic spacecraft completes a successful glide test flight ahead of sending tourists into space NEXT YEAR Don't panic! NASA set to create giant blue, green, and red artificial clouds visible from New York to North Carolina tomorrow morning Bringing the Galapagos tortoise back from the dead: Long-lost species could be returned to Floreana Island through a captive breeding programme US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against ISIS The sex and sleep link: A good night's rest will perk up your love life and regular intercourse ensures you nod off better MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA Trying her best to be discreet with her beau Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event 'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Rude boy! Warriors star Kevin Durant appears to stare down Rihanna as he hits a crucial three pointer during game one of NBA finals Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Manchester benefit concert Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with soccer star beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen proudly introduces pretty blonde Jools as pair celebrates his daughter's 12th birthday at Santa Monica eatery 'You are labeled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Revealing interview 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split Cinder-Kelly: Megyn goes monotone in white jeans, bell-sleeved blouse, and a black sweater to moderate Putin forum in Russia  Keeping it low key Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she HECKLES Golden State Warriors star Kevin Durant during NBA Finals 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Sandra Bullock gives her six-year-old son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Happy moments for 52-year-old actress 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Mom-two-be kicked back on a sun longer  Stars in YOUR eyes! Jeremy Piven talks all about the launch of his under $30 sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City EXCLUSIVE - Bruce Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented star's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes pics Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of their TNT show Claws Sexy comedy-drama  She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her amazing flexibility as she takes part in a workout session in Japan Taking care of her health Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with musician husband Marcus Mumford Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Kathy Griffin claims she has been BULLIED by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee in West Hollywood with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair as she runs errands in Los Angeles... a week after letting her natural color shine through 'It is overwhelming': 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford says she's humbled after being swarmed by fans during whirlwind Sydney visit Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles Something boring you? Bella Thorne leaves a sweaty gym session with her older sister Dani... but the pair are glued to their phones as they walk along street From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against ISIS 9 comments 2 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is a First-Class Rise to $200 When factoring the possibility for incremental dividend increases and share repurchases, BA stock won’t lose altitude By Richard Saintvilus, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 2, 2017, 11:50 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Heading to $80 Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Stock Still Has Double-Digit Upside AT&T Inc. (T) Stock Is the Bargain That Will Keep on Giving Recent Posts: Boeing Co (BA) Stock Is a First-Class Rise to $200 Why First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stock Is Going to $50 Is GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Headed Back to the High Road? View All Posts With some 44% returns in the past year, Chicago-based Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) continues to be a remarkable turnaround story. But with Dow component up some 20% year-to-date, there is now fear that BA stock has peaked. Source: Phillip Capper via Flickr But it would be a mistake to part with this winner, especially given that defense spending was one of only three areas in President Trump’s budget proposal to see an increase. And plus, not only is Boeing coming off a solid first-quarter earnings beat, the world’s biggest plane-maker is posting higher cash flow, which should support Boeing’s buyback program and its increases in the dividend, which already yields a robust 3.05%. With these factors in mind, BA stock should reach $200 in the next 12 to 18 months. Reasons to Love BA Stock Boeing’s attractive combination of income and value should keep BA stock flying high for much of 2017. The company just raised its full-year earnings-per-share forecast to a range of $10.35 to $10.55 from a prior range of $10.25 to $10.45 per share. The company also raised its adjusted full-year outlook to $9.20 to $9.40 from a prior range of $9.10 to $9.30. Revenue is expected to range from $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. The company has already announced 198 net orders for first quarter, compared to just 121 last year. And the fact that Boeing believes it can achieve its delivery goals on a lower engineering headcount means more profits will trickle down to the bottom line. Why is the order inflow metric important? Boeing has begun to trim its headcount to offset declining revenue, which in the first-quarter declined 7.2% year-over-year to $20.98 billion, missing consensus estimates of $21.34 billion. In other words, the company needs to sell more plans to meet its profitability goals. And that’s what BA stock investors have come to understand. The fact that president Donald Trump’s administration continues to tout increased defense spending should bode well for aerospace and defense. The White House’s just-released $4.1 trillion budget proposal calls for an additional $25 billion in defense spending for next fiscal year, following a similar bump in the current budget. And to say nothing about the existing number of contracts Boeing already has with the Pentagon. Most recently, the company secured a $983 million deal from the U.S. Air Force to provide engineering support services. Boeing also won a modification foreign military sales contract valued at $488.1 million from the U.S. Army to re-manufacture 38 AH-64 Apache aircraft. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/boeing-co-ba-stock-first-class-rise-200/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Trade of the Day: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is One for the Bears 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Sending a Message. Listen. Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock If You’re Sane Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories New Captive Law in Tennessee Illinois Workers’ Comp Measure News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Marsh Launches Non-Payment Insurance for Boeing Aircraft Financing June 2, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Marsh has launched the Aircraft Finance Insurance Consortium (AFIC), a non-payment insurance product designed for banks and capital market investors that are funding new aircraft purchases from Boeing. Available exclusively through Marsh, AFIC provides an alternative aircraft finance insurance product for new aircraft deliveries and is underwritten by four leading global insurance companies: Allianz, AXIS Capital, Sompo International (formerly Endurance), and Fidelis, said Marsh in a statement. The AFIC structure has already been used by a major international airline to support its financing of new Boeing 747 and 787 aircraft, the broker added. “AFIC can assist airlines globally in obtaining more efficient financing by utilizing insurance to protect the lender’s exposure to default for the duration of the loan,” Marsh explained, noting that the terms of this product can be tailored according to the individual purchase agreements made between Boeing, the airline and its financiers. “We believe that AFIC is a significant development in airline financing globally and will contribute to the growth and diversification of aircraft finance,” said Bruce Fine, global leader of AFIC for Marsh. “AFIC offers Boeing customers a wider range of financing options to facilitate the purchase of newer, more efficient aircraft to enhance their fleets, and lenders will be able to conduct new transactions with greater confidence,” he added. Source: Marsh Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: Agents & Brokers, Aircraft Finance Insurance Consortium (AFIC), Allianz, AXIS Capital, Boeing, Bruce Fine, Fidelis, Markets/Coverages, Marsh, non-payment insurance, Sompo International Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Growing Number of Municipal Suits Over Opioids Face Uphill Battle According to the Computer, You’ll Be Dead in 5 Years Florida Youth Activist Urges Industry to Step Up Fight Against Climate Change 12 States Have Advanced Tougher Distracted Driving Bills This Year Will U.S. Go or Will It Stay in Paris Climate Accord? Trump Gets Conflicting Advice Look on the Bright Side of Transition to Autonomous Driving Trump Expected to End U.S. Participation in Paris Climate Pact Willis Towers Watson, Tech Firm Roost to Form Home Telematics Testing ConsortiumMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented 12 States Have Advanced Tougher Distracted Driving Bills This Year According to the Computer, You'll Be Dead in 5 Years Trump Hands Climate Leadership Role to China to Dismay of Global Leaders Look on the Bright Side of Transition to Autonomous Driving Why 27% of U.S. Firms Have No Plans to Buy Cyber Insurance AmTrust Gets $300M Boost from CEO's Family Insurer USAA Caught in Hannity TV Advertising Controversy High Agency Valuations 'Not a Fad,' MarshBerry Exec Tells Conference Why 27% of U.S. Firms Have No Plans to Buy Cyber Insurance Little Caesars Sued over Michigan Pizza Labeled 'Halal' Insurer USAA Caught in Hannity TV Advertising Controversy | Comments (65) Trump Expected to End U.S. Participation in Paris Climate Pact | Comments (62) Trump Hands Climate Leadership Role to China to Dismay of Global Leaders | Comments (46) Will U.S. Go or Will It Stay in Paris Climate Accord? Trump Gets Conflicting Advice | Comments (23) 3 Fossil Fuel Groups Drop Bid to Join Teens' Climate Change Lawsuit | Comments (13) More Top Stories RIMS 2017 Why Cyber Should Be Treated as Standalone Insurance Firms Value Cyber Assets Highly Until Time for Insurance Risk Managers in Denial Over Disruptive Technologies PotashCorp’s Seaman Takes Helm as 2017 RIMS President St. Joseph’s Team Wins Spencer-RIMS Risk Management Challenge Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Insurance Association Director Talks About Autonomous Vehicle RegulationsListen Now Travelers' Drone Program Changes the Way Its Claims Reps Do BusinessWatch Now Editors and Contributors Elizabeth Blosfield The Graham Company Becomes 100% Employee Owned Don Jergler Golden Bear Claims Manager Addresses Agency Fraud Denise Johnson Risk Management: Employers Benefit from Mitigating Workplace Violence Randy Schwantz The Wedge: Top 7 Agency, Producers Problems Owners Should Solve Quote of Note These brave men and women selflessly volunteered to help their neighbors during our darkest days and showed the world what it means to be a New Yorker. More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Who stands to gain the most from shifting more flood insurance business to the private sector? Insurance Jobs Property and Casualty Licensed Insurance Agent - Manhattan Beach, 90266 SIU Case Manager – Liability - Chicago IL Sales Operations Analyst - Chicago IL Senior Placement Specialist / Team Leader - Chicago, IL Property & Casualty Client Coordinator - Deer Park IL Top 10 Technical Fouls to Avoid When Filing Environmental Claims Report: Agency Organic Growth Under Pressure What to Know About Underwriting Restaurants & Bars Carriers Turn to Agents As Auto Insurance Sales Stagnate: J.D. Power Selfies Add to Museum Hazards TWIA Says its Financially Sound for 2017 Hurricane Season Seacoast Roads Under New Threat From Rising Sea Level Massive Big Sur Landslide Added 13 Acres to Coast Jun 22 Your Work Comp Audit is Wrong - Welcome to the Club Jul 20 Certificate of Insurance: You Can't Always Get What You Want Aug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me Cold Sep 14 Are Water Damage Claims Drowning Your Profits? Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close at all-time highs despite weak jobs report CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Here's how much Americans spend on housing, food, alcohol Why you should care about May's job report Click to expand Replay Video America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC's Kate Rogers reports a growing public school teacher shortage is impacting classrooms across America. CNBC Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. Wochit Tech Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal U.S. President Donald Trump says withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seem to disagree. Kate King reports on how companies from Wall St to Silicone Valley have reacted. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Stocks higher despite jobs report miss CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC1:46 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech0:44 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters1:48 US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer0:55 Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money2:40 Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal.3:21 This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider1:33 Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News0:59 Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY1:03 People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business2:17 The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy1:02 Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post3:08 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech0:45 Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy1:01 Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider0:56 Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal.3:51 UP NEXT Stocks rose to record levels Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 190.23 +2.91 +1.55% CME Group Inc CME ▼ 116.93 -0.89 -0.76% Charles Schwab Corp SCHW ▼ 38.95 -0.75 -1.89% AdChoices The Dow closed 62 points higher, with Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 also managed a new all-time high, ending 0.37 percent higher. The Nasdaq outperformed, rising 0.94 percent to a record high. "This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you're going to see," said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management. "This isn't a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don't think you're going to get one." The Labor Department said 138,000 jobs were created last month, well below the expected 185,000. Wages also grew less than expected, with average hourly earnings rising at a 2.5 percent annualized rate. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.3 percent from 4.4 percent. "There are some sectors in the jobs market that are seeing strong wage growth and others that aren't," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor. "I think that's reflective of the tightness seen in some sectors. Chamberlain also noted the U.S. economy has added jobs for 80 straight months now, the longest positive streak dating back to the 1930s. "It's hard to ignore the the U.S. economy added fewer jobs than expected and, more importantly, the number came in below the 12-month average of 181,000," said Sharon Stark, managing director of fixed income strategies at Incapital. Load Error Investors eagerly awaited the report as it is one of the last major data sets released before the Federal Reserve holds its June monetary policy meeting. Market expectations for a rate hike were near 94 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The fall in job growth numbers may make some query the likelihood of a rate rise next month, however, one slightly disappointing month does not constitute a wholesale change in fortunes," said Kully Samra, UK managing director at Charles Schwab, in a note. "This is not so much a downward trend away from the strong jobs market but merely a temporary blip on the radar," Samra said. Treasury yields fell on the back of the jobs number, with the benchmark 10-year yield slipping to 2.16 percent; it also hit its lowest level since May 18 earlier in the session. The dollar also dropped against a batch of major currencies, with the dollar index slipping 0.43 percent to 96.78. In turn, the euro rose 0.53 percent to $1.127 against the U.S. currency. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Ex-campaign aide ducks on climate change, says Trump ‘passionate about the environment’ Blog Briefing Room — 3h 57m ago Susan Rice: Trump’s moves 'a whole lot of winning' for Russia, China Blog Briefing Room — 4h 10m ago Two dozen more Trump ethics waivers to be released Blog Briefing Room — 4h 43m ago UN Security Council expands sanctions on North Korea Blog Briefing Room — 5h 19m ago Judiciary Dems warn Trump about trying to block Comey testimony Administration — 5h 22m ago White House budget chief: 'No way' that US defaults on debt Blog Briefing Room — 5h 42m ago Putin: US hackers could have framed Russia Blog Briefing Room — 6h 12m ago House Intel chair made requests to unmask Americans: report Administration — 6h 22m ago view all   Navy 'wish list' includes $2.7B for planes, but no ships By Ellen Mitchell - 06/02/17 01:11 PM EDT 9   © Getty Images The Navy wants 24 more aircraft but asks for no additional ships in its 2018 unfunded priorities list sent to lawmakers this week. The service’s biggest unmet requirement is $2.7 billion to acquire 24 more planes, including 10 F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet strike fighters, six P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol aircraft — both made by Boeing — four Lockheed Martin-made F-35C Joint Strike Fighters and four CMV-22B Osprey tiltrotor aircraft, made by Bell and Boeing. The 48-item list, sent to lawmakers May 30, asks for a total of $4.8 billion for weapons, equipment, operations and maintenance and development efforts not included in the Navy’s $171.5 billion fiscal 2018 budget, which was released last month. ADVERTISEMENT The document does not include any ships, an unexpected development as the Navy has called for expanding the fleet to 355 vessels. A larger Navy fleet was a top defense issue for President Trump on the campaign trail. Several lawmakers have pressed for an additional littoral combat ships (LCS) in the budget — the Navy’s 2018 request only includes one — and the acting Navy acquisition chief, Allison Stiller, said last month that the White House is “supportive” of buying two ships.  The unfunded list does include $84 million for LCS lethality and survivability upgrades, $31 million to develop an over-the-horizon capability for the ships and $110 million for the Navy’s new LCS training facility at Naval Station Mayport in Florida. The list also include $312 million to buy five Textron-made ship-to-shore connectors. Congress asks for unfunded lists from each service on an annual basis. The documents help guide lawmakers as they work through the budget requests and form policy and spending bills.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Winners and losers in Trump's... Trump's withdrawal from the agreement came after a difficult, months-long... 112 Shares 2 Kaine: Trump is ‘jealous of Obama’ "American innovative spirit is stronger than his insecurities," he tweeted. 104 Shares 3 Bloomberg pledges $15M to UN to... Bloomberg is making the pledge after President Trump decided to exit the... 93 Shares 4 Trump to nominate Richard Spencer... Trump's first pick for Navy secretary withdrew in February. 74 Shares 5 Trump's Paris rejection a defeat... President Trump’s decision to leave the Paris climate accord split his... 71 Shares 6 Judiciary Dems warn Trump about... The White House hasn't ruled out invoking executive privilege to try to... 70 Shares 7 Megyn Kelly: The new gold standard... OPINION | First Megyn Kelly nailed Trump's misogyny, now she’s nailing... 65 Shares 8 Fox's Jenna Lee announces decision... Fox News anchor Jenna Lee made a surprise announcement that she has... 59 Shares 9 Two dozen more Trump ethics... The White House released waivers for 16 officials this week. 55 Shares 10 White House budget chief... "Within any organization, the buck should stop at the top," Mick Mulvaney... 55 Shares 11 Pence: 'For some reason' climate... In the wake of President Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the... 53 Shares 12 Sanders backer prepares to... Trump won Ryan's district handily in 2016, taking it by 10 percentage... 52 Shares 13 Susan Rice: Trump’s moves 'a whole... "Nothing could have thrilled President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia more." 46 Shares 14 Trump officials pressed State... Trump administration officials pressed State Department staffers to... 45 Shares 15 In praise of Trump pulling out of... OPINION | The deal’s goal will be breached shortly, making it a fig leaf,... 44 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News Jet deploys Boeing-777 plane on Delhi-Singapore route Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-07:19pm , PTI Jet Airways will now offer first class suites on daily flights between Delhi and Singapore as the airline has deployed a Boeing-777 jetliner on this route. The new aircraft with its three-class configuration commenced operating on the sector effective today, Jet Airways in a statement said. The switch-over from the existing 254-seater Airbus A330 -200 aircraft to 346-seater Boeing 777 also means that the airline will be able to fly 35 per cent more passengers and cater to increase in air traffic on this route. The aircraft provides eight first class suites, 30 lie- flat beds in premiere class and 308 economy class seats, according to the airline. "The deployment of the largest aircraft in its fleet will also allow Jet Airways to offer significantly larger cargo capacity, providing more flexibility in transporting various types of consignments, including perishables, pharmaceuticals, machinery and industrial goods between Delhi and Singapore," it said. Jet Airways operates flights to 65 domestic and international destinations with a fleet of 113 aircraft, comprising Boeing 777-300 ERs, Airbus A330-200/300, Next Generation Boeing 737s and ATR 72-500/600s. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business Competition Commission rejects complaint against Coal India in spot e-auction scheme Business Wipro receives second threat email, company's operations not affected Business Infosys to hire 20,000 new employees this year after sacking 400 Business GVK exits Bangalore international airport, sells residual stake to Fairfax India Business Sensex, Nifty continue record-setting spree Business India's slower GDP nasty surprise, self-goal by Modi govt in 'elephant versus dragon' race: Chinese daily Live Cricket Score Sri Lanka vs South Africa Sat, 3 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related All aboard! After SpiceJet, IndiGo and Jet Airways offer cheap airline tickets DNA Money Edit: SpiceJet, IndiGo plans signal confidence in Udan IndiGo to buy 50 ATR planes for $1.3 billion Zee Biz Originals View all Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Unhappy with your internet connection? TRAI asks for suggestions to create better benchmark Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Jet Airways Delhi Singapore Airbus A330-200 SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Afghan authorities lock down Kabul after protest clashes Maneka Gandhi to undergo gall bladder surgery in few days, confirms son Varun UK Conservatives pledge no tax hike for top earners as vote nears Joint patrols off Mindanao to fight militants: Malaysia Arunachal CM discusses telecom connectivity with Union Sport It was probably one of our worst bowling displays: Smith Hockey: India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it West Indies v/s Afghanistan: Sunil Narine shines in Caribbean side's six-wicket win over guests Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble rift: Sourav Ganguly has a curt advice for Indian skipper and coach Entertainment Rawal unapologetic on Roy tweet, says it is 'freedom of Patty Jenkins already signed on for 'Wonder Woman' sequel Arjun Kapoor tried THIS detox and FAILED at it! Ariana Grande visits fans in UK hospital ahead of benefit gig Nawazuddin Siddiqui to dance in a song in Munna Michael Money 15th GST Council meeting begins, rates of 6 items to be decided Tight security for UP CM's visit to Vindhyanchal Temple Trump climate move could divert FDI, spark litigation - U.N. Soccer-Argentine championship results and standings WRAPUP 6-U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 pct Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Toggle navigation NEWS Sections Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound Featured: Popular: Leo Varadkar: 5 fast facts you need to know about Ireland’s new leader BREAKING: Leo Varadkar will be first gay Irish leader after winning party leadership vote Sculpture honoring Choctaw Nation for helping famine Irish to be dedicated Two top Irish businessmen attend Bilderberg meeting in Virginia Exciting new feature from Airbnb hits Dublin OPINION Sections Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers Featured: Popular: Donald Trump has made us the Ugly Americans once again What we should learn from the ISIS attack on Manchester Seeking asylum in Ireland - Nigerian woman who fled Boko Haram reveals terrible plight of refugees Four years a Paddy: my take on living in Ireland as an American Pat Finucane’s son and Nigel Dodds face off in North’s biggest election clash BUSINESS Sections Startups Influencers Featured: Popular: Irish Artificial Intelligence startup positions itself to rival Google and Amazon Delta taking off with direct Boston to Dublin flights this summer What you need to know about preparing for a job interview in Ireland Season 7 Game of Thrones released as Northern Ireland tourism continues to boom Irish startups given New York boost by Bank of Ireland ROOTS Sections History Genealogy Irish America Featured: Popular: Little known Irish facts: Churchill and Pope Francis both lived in Dublin Unpublished photograph of young Oscar Wilde found The Irish rebels who fought against the U.S. in the Mexican-American War Amazing tale of the Irish nun who survived the Hiroshima atomic bomb Top ten reasons why Ireland should become the 51st State TRAVEL Sections Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland Featured: Popular: US photographer's magical love affair with Ireland Dublin named second best city in the world for Americans to live (PHOTOS) Exciting new feature from Airbnb hits Dublin High school students offered opportunity to explore Ireland at Celtic Irish American Academy Delta taking off with direct Boston to Dublin flights this summer CULTURE Sections Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education Featured: Popular: The fool-proof guide to recognizing different Irish accents (VIDEO) Irish poems and songs Irish craic explained - the top six levels of craic you can reach Sausage rolls with Ballymaloe sauce recipe Massive crowds thrilled by Argentine Irish dance flash mob (VIDEO) Shop Jobs Search Subscribe Sign In facebook twitter instagram Close HOME NEWS All News Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound OPINION All Opinion Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers BUSINESS All Business Startups Influencers ROOTS All Roots History Genealogy TRAVEL All Travel Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland CULTURE All Culture Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education SHOP JOBS Norwegian Air CEO claims unions suppressing low-cost transatlantic flights Frances Mulraney @FrancesMulraney April 07, 2017 04:39 AM Print 12SHARES / Facebook Email Twitter Pinterest SMS Comments The CEO of Norwegian Air Shuttle, Bjørn Kjos.Jim Anderson/Boeing Photographer/WikiCommons CEO of Norwegian Air Bjorn Kjos has slammed airlines and unions who attempted to put a stop to the expansion of the European airline’s transatlantic service. The Norwegian boss believes their vested interest in preserving status quo in transatlantic travel drove the long-established transatlantic airlines to try to suppress low-cost routes such as those now offered by his airline from Ireland. Until last December, Norwegian Air was entangled in a two-year stalemate with the US Department of Transportation over the airline's efforts to begin offering services between Ireland and the US. American politicians and unions consistently called on the government to deny Norwegian Air the necessary licenses to fly between the two countries and questioned the legitimacy of the Irish-based subsidiary Norwegian Air International, dubbing it a “flag of convenience.” The unions also claimed that Norwegian Air established the Irish subsidiary in order “to use flight crews employed under contracts governed by the laws of various Asian countries, including Singapore and Thailand.” The airline blasted this claim as fear-mongering and denied that employees would be sourced from Asia. “They hate competition. They hate low fares. Politicians shouldn’t listen to them. They should listen to consumers,” Kjos stated. The decision to award a foreign carrier permit to Norwegian Air International came in December 2016, more than two years after the airline had first applied. The US Department of Transportation issued a tentative decision last April granting the license, but pushback from US unions and politicians caused further delays. The European Commission had already officially begun arbitration proceedings against the United States government when the decision to grant the license was announced late last year. The Commission believed the delay in granting the license was a breach of the Open Skies Agreement, a US-EU treaty that allows EU-registered airlines to fly to the US from anywhere in Europe. Read more: Large majority of Irish support Norwegian Air Cork to US flight plans Unions continued to fight the decision into the new year, however, calling on then President-elect Trump to overturn the transportation department’s approval of the routes. “The new administration should immediately move to reverse the DOT’s decision regarding Norwegian Air International and revoke or suspend the foreign air carrier permit,” stated the US Air Line Pilots’ Association, reiterating again their claim that employees would be brought in by Norwegian Air under Asian contracts. Speaking in London this week, Kjos said that these groups are not taking the wishes of customers into consideration, also casting doubt on what he calls the “legacy” airlines’ ability to create low-cost transatlantic fares. “The consumer is always right. They want to travel for low fares and spend their money in the US or Europe. Don’t listen to groups who are trying to preserve an old-fashioned regime. “You don’t get a low-cost airline by painting the aircraft. A lot of carriers have tried that in the past. It doesn’t work,” he continued, referring to the recent establishment of Level, a subsidiary of IAG flying transatlantic from Barcelona using Iberia flight crew. Norwegian Air initially submitted their foreign carrier permit application hoping to be the first to offer transatlantic flights from Cork airport, a service they felt was greatly missing, and one that was welcomed by many in Ireland. Due to the delays in acquiring their license, Norwegian Air was beaten to the post by Icelandic low-budget carrier Wow Air. Wow Air announced flights between Cork and Reykjavik from where passengers could transfer to the airline's low-cost flights to the US. Norwegian Air was still the first to offer a direct flight from Cork Airport to the US, however. Read more: Norwegian Air sells a record 5,000 seats to Ireland in six hours Norwegian Air International will now fly from Belfast, Cork, Shannon, and Dublin to Providence Rhode Island, which is near Boston, Hartford, Connecticut; and Stewart International at Newburgh, NY, which is, about 90 minutes by road from New York City. While these are not major airports, Kjos explains that they were chosen in order to cut costs for the customer while still offering up to 24 flights to/from the US each week.   “It has incredibly low operating costs. We fly it into very low-cost airports. Then you are not paying heavy charges, so we can offer the tickets for much, much less,” Kjos said. Passengers can expect prices to average $300 to $350 round-trip, Lars Sande, senior vice president of sales at Norwegian told the Boston Herald.   A record 5,000 seats were sold by Norwegian Air within six hours in February 2017 when they first announced their new services between Ireland and America. Fares are advertised as fares as available for as little as $300 round trip, but, some passengers were disappointed with the additional costs, such as checking a bag, that are not included in the quoted price. Passengers will face additional fees for checked luggage ($45 for the first bag, $50 for a second), meal service including alcoholic beverages ($30) and a reserved specific seat ($30). They can also pay a $70 bundled fee for a checked bag, meal and specific seat or they can go without any amenities, food, and no checked bag, only hand baggage. H/T: Independent.co.uk 12SHARES / Facebook Email Twitter Pinterest SMS Comments Most Popular Most Recent Travel Places in Ireland that can change your life Food & Drink How to make the perfect Irish comfort food: Shepherd's Pie Food & Drink Bailey’s Irish cream swirl brownies recipe Entertainment Jim Carrey will face trial for Tipp girlfriend’s death Food & Drink Corned beef and cabbage spring roll recipe Travel A guide on moving to Ireland now that Trump had pulled out of the Paris Accord Politics When Donald Trump acknowledged climate change is real – in Ireland Politics Leo Varadkar: 5 fast facts you need to know about Ireland’s new leader Craic The fool-proof guide to recognizing different Irish accents (VIDEO) Culture Little known Irish facts: Churchill and Pope Francis both lived in Dublin Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Top of Page Search IrishCentral Search © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved. Basics Authors Topics About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Register Sitemap Sections News Opinion Business Roots Travel Culture IrishCentral Newsletter Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Follow Us facebook twitter google-plus linked-in rss instagram © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Insight Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Malcolm Mayes editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Edmonton Oilers Cult of Hockey NHL Edmonton Oil Kings Junior Hockey Football All Football Edmonton Eskimos CFL NFL Local Sports Curling Soccer All Soccer MLS International Soccer Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Baseball Golf Tennis Business All Business Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Mortgages Capital Ideas Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Movie Listings Television TV Listings Theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Festivals What's On Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local food reviews Recipes Taste Alberta Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Parenting Relationships Royals Travel All Travel Ski & Snowboard Puzzles & Comics Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Opinion Editorials |Featured: Wildfire anniversary Oilers playoffs What's happening at City Hall The Press Gallery Cappies reviews TV listings Rogers Place | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News A welcome home: The last frontier of ending homelessness Editorials Malcolm Mayes cartoons for June 2017 Columnists Paula Simons: Travelling hate circus staged anti-Syrian protest in Red ... Politics David Staples: New Social Studies curriculum pushes social change, not ... 5 / 5 Editorial: Does Trudeau have Alberta's back? Edmonton Journal Editorial Board More from Edmonton Journal Editorial Board Published on: June 2, 2017 | Last Updated: June 2, 2017 6:00 AM MDT B.C. NDP leader John Horgan and B.C. Green party leader Andrew Weaver sign an agreement on creating a stable minority government during a press conference in the Hall of Honour at Legislature in Victoria, B.C., on Tuesday, May 30, 2017. CHAD HIPOLITO / THE CANADIAN PRESS Share Adjust Comment Print Like a big brother pulling bullies off of baby sister on the playground, the Trudeau government jumped headlong into a couple of cross-border trade scraps this week. For a softwood lumber industry under threat by a protectionist Donald Trump, the Liberals unveiled an $867-million aid package, including loans and loan guarantees for forestry firms and agreements to limit job losses. Ottawa is easing the pain for forestry companies whose bottom lines are now being gnawed at by countervailing U.S. duties applied April 28. And three months after lending Bombardier $372.5-million in its latest government cash infusion, the feds came out swinging against rival aircraft maker Boeing. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan wielded Ottawa’s purchase of Boeing fighter jets like a multibillion-dollar blackjack to persuade the company to drop its trade complaint against the Montreal firm. Nice Super Hornets you got here. Wouldn’t want anything to happen to them. Given these freshly minted precedents of federal intervention, is it too much to hope the government will focus those instincts toward Alberta’s oilpatch, once the country’s economic engine, now sputtering because of depressed crude prices and lack of overseas market access?  Despite tens of thousands of lost jobs, a hobbled economy and drained government coffers, Ottawa has not rushed to help Alberta as swiftly as previous regimes have rescued, say, Ontario’s auto industry in 2009 with a $9-billion bailout — not that the oilpatch has ever asked. The best the Trudeau government has done to assist Alberta’s energy industry was to sign off on Kinder Morgan’s Trans Mountain and Enbridge’s Line 3 pipeline projects, and only after lengthy and exhaustive approval processes and hard-won social licence gained through the pain of Notley government’s climate plan. But the Edmonton-to-Burnaby Trans Mountain project is now threatened by the anti-oil axis of British Columbia’s NDP and Green parties — who sit on the other extreme of the political spectrum from Trump — but are ideologues all the same when it comes to their indifference to the practical realities of managing an economy, providing jobs, reducing interprovincial trade barriers and keeping capital from fleeing the market. To his credit, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has reiterated his support for Trans Mountain but unlike standing up to trade foes in foreign countries, he risks a political firestorm in B.C. if he wields both his suasion and the legal powers at his disposal to see the Trans Mountain project through. Time will tell whether his government has the backbone to stand by a project that’s in the best interests of Canada when the fight gets really tough. Local editorials are the consensus opinion of the Journal’s editorial board, comprising Mark Iype, Dave Breakenridge, Sarah O’Donnell, Bill Mah and David Evans. Editorial: Scheer's win raises more questions than it answers Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Local Opinion Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Submit A Letter Click here to send us your letter. Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Latest National News Ireland’s next PM will likely be Leo Varadkar, an openly gay man and son of ... French president attacks Trump’s move to pull out of climate deal, offers scientists jobs in ... Philippine police dismiss ISIL’s claim to Manila attack; Gunman an English-speaking white man Latest Posts Zombie apocalypse survivors to search for cure at Telus World of Science Prospects pitcher Jeremy Rabauliman has entire island pulling for him Photos: Def Leppard in Edmonton Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here, Latest Local News Zombie apocalypse survivors to search for cure at Telus World of Science Driver, 20, killed in crash near Beiseker Graham Thomson: Rachel Notley might yet make political silk purse from Trump's environmental sow's ear Tornado touches down north of Three Hills × Share Editorial: Does Trudeau have Alberta's back? Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Insight Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Malcolm Mayes editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Football Local Sports Curling Soccer Basketball Baseball Golf Tennis Business All Business Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Mortgages Capital Ideas Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Festivals What's On Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food Health Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Puzzles & Comics © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Contact Us My Subscription Edit Profile Subscribe ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests NIE Properties Canada.com Calgary Herald Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi ViaSat-2 Successfully Launched News provided by ViaSat, Inc. 02 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article CARLSBAD, Calif., June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT), a global broadband services and technology company, is pleased to announce the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Approximately 29 minutes after liftoff, the ViaSat-2 mission was underway with the satellite separating from the launch vehicle. First signals from the satellite were acquired shortly thereafter through a ground station at Hassan, India. In the coming days, ViaSat-2 will start orbit raising with its chemical propulsion system, followed by solar array deployments, and will then switch over to its electric propulsion system to complete orbit raising over the coming months. ViaSat expects it will take several months for ViaSat-2 to reach its final orbital destination, located at 69.9° west longitude. ViaSat Inc. announced the successful launch of its ViaSat-2 satellite aboard an Arianespace Ariane 5 ECA launch vehicle. The Ariane 5 ECA carrying ViaSat-2 lifted off yesterday, June 1 at 4:45 pm PDT from the Guiana Space Center, located in Kourou, French Guiana. Mark Dankberg, ViaSat's chairman and CEO commented, "Today's successful launch is a momentous event in ViaSat's history. It represents the culmination of hard work, dedication and commitment to technical excellence from across the ViaSat team. We also want to recognize our launch team partners, Boeing and Arianespace, for their support and collaboration in helping us successfully launch ViaSat-2." ViaSat-2 is a geostationary satellite that operates in Ka-band frequencies. It was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with the flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. ViaSat-2 is expected to significantly improve speeds, reduce costs and expand the footprint of broadband services across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, a portion of northern South America, as well as the primary aeronautical and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. Dankberg continued, "The innovations in our ViaSat-2 spacecraft and underlying network will enable us to be one step closer to connecting the world, and delivering new higher speed fixed and mobility services that will continue to compete with traditional broadband services." "Arianespace is excited to have delivered for ViaSat!  We are proud to have launched one of the world's most advanced telecommunications satellites, ViaSat-2, safely to orbit. Great things are in store for our friends at ViaSat," said Stéphane Israël, CEO of Arianespace. "We are honored that ViaSat has put their trust in Boeing to build and deliver their next-generation satellite, ViaSat-2, a high-power 702 satellite with advanced capabilities that will help ViaSat connect millions around the world through high-speed broadband service," said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. About ViaSat ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ:  VSAT) keeps the world connected. As a global broadband services and technology company, ViaSat ensures consumers, businesses, governments and military personnel have communications access - anywhere - whether on the ground or in-flight. The Company's innovations in designing highest-capacity satellites and secure ground infrastructure and terminal technologies coupled with its international network of managed Wi-Fi hotspots enable ViaSat to deliver a best available network that extends the reach and accessibility of broadband internet service, globally. For more information visit ViaSat at:  www.viasat.com, or follow the Company on social media:  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements about the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement and entry into service of the ViaSat-2 satellite and the timing thereof, as well as the anticipated benefits, performance, coverage, capacity, bandwidth economics, service speed and other features of the ViaSat-2 satellite. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks associated with the orbital raising, solar array deployment, orbital slot placement, in-orbit testing and operation of the ViaSat-2 satellite, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite performance, and the Company's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 satellite. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2017 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners. ViaSat is a registered trademark of ViaSat, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-2-successfully-launched-300467789.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. Related Links http://www.viasat.com 01 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: ViaSat-2 Scheduled for Launch Tonight, June 1 at 4:45 PM PDT My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 May, 2017, 11:15 ET ViaSat-2 Scheduled for Launch Tonight, June 1 at 4:45 PM PDT 31 May, 2017, 11:15 ET ViaSat-2: Ready for Launch on June 1 from the Guiana Space Center Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Aerospace & Defense Carriers and Services Wireless Communications Corporate Expansion You just read: ViaSat-2 Successfully Launched News provided by ViaSat, Inc. 02 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Qatar Airways to offer Inmarsat inflight Broadband Qatar Airways to offer next generation Inmarsat GX Aviation in-flight broadband service   Five star onboard wi-fi for five star global airline Qatar Airways   First Middle East airline to announce selection of best-in-market solution, which will be offered to passengers on board its flagship aircraft   2 June 2017: Inmarsat (ISAT.L), the world’s leading provider of global mobile satellite communications, announced today that Qatar Airways has become the first Middle East megacarrier to select its advanced new GX Aviation in-flight broadband solution.   In a landmark agreement, the next-generation service will initially be available to Qatar Airways passengers on board more than 130 aircraft, consisting of Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s.   GX Aviation technology has already been equipped on Qatar Airways’ latest Airbus A350s; installations on the airline’s remaining Airbus A350s, together with the Boeing 777s, will commence on a retrofit basis from this summer.   GX Aviation is the world’s first in-flight connectivity solution with reliable, seamless high-speed global coverage provided through a single operator. It allows airline passengers to browse the internet, stream videos, check social media and more during flights, with an on board connectivity experience on par with broadband services available on the ground.   Leo Mondale, President of Inmarsat Aviation, said: „Qatar Airways is one of the world’s most successful, fastest growing and in-demand airlines, with an unwavering focus on providing the best service possible. It has offered Inmarsat’s SwiftBroadband connectivity solution for over five years now. However, with our next generation GX Aviation service now live, its upgrade to true broadband on more than 130 aircraft initially will ensure passengers have access to consistent, reliable and high-speed connectivity wherever they fly.   „Qatar Airways considered all available options in the connectivity market and selected Inmarsat due to our unique infrastructure, proven aerospace partners, and committed long-term development strategy. Broadband transformation on the ground is already well advanced and we are able to transfer that into the very challenging in-flight environment, working with Qatar Airways to make connectivity a success. Our networks are engineered with multiple layers for redundancy and global coverage. Our design philosophy is to scale up capacity over time to fit the route systems of our airline customers and reflect the industry’s real needs.”   Qatar Airways’ rollout of GX Aviation-equipped aircraft is scheduled to commence this summer. The service will integrate with Qatar Airways’ award-winning in-flight entertainment system and ensure that connectivity initiatives, such as its passenger app and aircraft technology, will be strengthened using dependable in-flight broadband. GX Aviation also complements the airline’s latest passenger experience innovations, including its unique and revolutionary new Qsuite premium travel experience.   His Excellency Mr. Akbar Al Baker, Qatar Airways Group Chief Executive, said: „Qatar Airways prides itself on assessing and understanding the latest market innovations, demonstrating over and over again our ability to ride and guide trends in passenger preferences. By partnering with Inmarsat, we are confident that Qatar Airways will meet the highest expectations in the industry for in-flight broadband services, and avail of the many other new opportunities powered by connectivity.”   Qatar Airways will connect to the GX network using exclusive high-efficiency JetWave terminals produced by Inmarsat partner Honeywell Aerospace. The terminals are designed for ease of installation and maintenance to assure the lowest downtime for any cabin connectivity solution in the market.   The selection of GX Aviation follows a separate announcement that Qatar Airways has activated an advanced new space-based system, supplied by Inmarsat, to track all of its flights across the world. Inmarsat worked exclusively with Qatar Airways to develop this cutting-edge solution, which utilises Inmarsat’s market-leading satellite technology to provide the exact real-time location of the airline’s aircraft in latitude and longitude.   ENDS     Investors                                                      Media Rob Gurner                                           Jonathan Sinnatt (Corporate Communications) +44 (0)20 7728 1518                             +44 (0)20 7728 1935 Rob.gurner@inmarsat.com                      jonathan.sinnatt@inmarsat.com                                                            Robeel Haq (Inmarsat Aviation)                                                           +44 (0)20 7728 1352                                                           robeel.haq@inmarsat.com     About Inmarsat Inmarsat plc is the leading provider of global mobile satellite communications services. Since 1979, Inmarsat has been providing reliable voice and high-speed data communications to governments, enterprises and other organizations, with a range of services that can be used on land, at sea or in the air. Inmarsat operates around the world, with a presence in the major ports and centres of commerce on every continent. Inmarsat is listed on the London Stock Exchange (ISAT.L). For more information, please visit www.inmarsat.com.    The Inmarsat press release newsfeed and corporate updates are on @InmarsatGlobal. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Annual results for period ended 31 December 2016 Next PostNext Talvivaara Mining Company Plc: The Helsinki District Court has given its ruling on the disclosure case Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Lufthansa weighs slowing deliveries of 777X in blow to Boeing Friday June 2, 2017 01:09 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Does a low dosage of aspirin reduce risk of cancer? The Edit: ‘It Comes at Night’ offers up a scary new trailer Want to visit the US? Hand over your social media handles The Edit: Kathy Griffin brands Donald Trump a ‘bully’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Lufthansa says reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline. — Reuters picFRANKFURT, June 2 — Deutsche Lufthansa AG is considering stretching out deliveries of Boeing Co’s new 777X aircraft, concerned about the cost and size of the big jet as managers review the airline’s fleet needs. A decision on the new timeline is “urgent” and could be reached by September, according to an internal video presentation by Lufthansa Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr. The German airline may take additional Airbus SE A350 planes, which carry fewer passengers than the 400-seat Boeing jet. “I’m not sure if we’ve really ordered enough A350s and possibly too many 777Xs,” Spohr said at a staff meeting, a replay of which was seen by Bloomberg. “We must now think about either stretching the 777X in a deal with Boeing to let them come in more slowly, or increasing profitability to finance our overdue fleet investments.” The move would be a blow to Boeing, which signed up Lufthansa as a launch customer for the 777X. The Chicago-based company has a backlog for the model worth about US$125 billion (RM535 billion) at list prices, with orders concentrated among airlines that have hit market turbulence recently. Carriers in the Persian Gulf, where low oil prices are damping economies and sapping demand for travel, account for more than three-quarters of the 306 orders. Deliveries for the 777X — a new version of Boeing’s existing 777 aircraft that will be the industry’s largest-ever twin-engine jetliner — are due to start in 2020. Lufthansa spokesman Andreas Bartels said reviewing the order book is daily business for any airline and that the company won’t comment on internal discussions. Boeing shares fell 0.3 per cent to US$187 at 1.05pm in New York. That pared the stock’s gain this year to 20 per cent, valuing the manufacturer at US$113 billion. Demand for big twin-aisle aircraft has weakened since Lufthansa placed an order for the Boeing model in 2013, under Spohr’s predecessor. Cheaper fuel and an industrywide glut of smaller, relatively young wide-body planes have upended the economics that had favored larger models for long-range flying. Slowing output Any deferrals or cancellations would add to concerns about the future of the 777, Boeing’s second-largest source of profit. The US manufacturer is slowing production of current versions as it encounters weaker sales and prepares to build test planes for the next-generation variant, Boeing’s most expensive commercial plane. Boeing spokesman Daniel Mosely declined to comment on potential talks with Lufthansa. The airline, which has its main hubs in Frankfurt and Munich, is grappling with a shifting aviation market that may have made parts of its orders for 205 aircraft out of step with current trends. Carriers like Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA are ramping up cut-rate trans-Atlantic services using long-range narrow-bodies or fuel-efficient aircraft like Boeing’s twin-aisle 787 Dreamliner. Based on list prices, Lufthansa’s order book translates into average spending of €3.9 billion (RM18.7 billion) a year through 2025. That compares with a budget for about €2.5 billion in annual capital expenditure. The US$408.8 million 777X would eat up almost all of that, but remains necessary to replace older four-engine aircraft, the CEO said. Cutting Costs Spohr’s message, delivered in March, may also have been intended to motivate Lufthansa managers to cut costs. He argued that meager profitability has caused the airline to under-invest in its fleet for two decades. The German carrier’s aircraft were 11.3 years old on average last year, compared with 5.25 years at Dubai-based Emirates airline and 5.5 years at Dublin-based discount carrier Ryanair Holdings Plc. The ageing fleet has left Lufthansa with the highest fuel expenses of any airline in Europe, as it operates almost 100 four-engine gas guzzlers. That includes the largest global fleet of Airbus A340s, a model that has long been out of production. While Lufthansa has 20 777Xs on firm order plus another 14 options, according to Boeing’s order book, it has just 25 A350s due for delivery. The Airbus plane, which seats 293 people and costs about US$100 million less, is interesting for long-haul routes frequented by fewer passengers, reducing the need to bundle traffic at large hubs. These capabilities could make long-haul services from Dusseldorf, Hamburg and Berlin viable for Lufthansa’s Eurowings budget subsidiary, Spohr said. Lufthansa has also indicated that it may lease a larger proportion of its fleet and buy more used models to curb expenditures. The carrier said last month that it will replace most of the long-haul planes flown by its Belgian arm and opt for used aircraft. “Generally speaking, there for sure will be good deals in the coming years,” Spohr said in the video. “Airbus and Boeing have sold far too many aircraft to the Gulf.” Other strategies for passenger operations outlined by Spohr included: New business-class cabin slated for future long-haul planes beginning with the 777X won’t be retrofitted onto aircraft currently in fleet A possible “business-plus” cabin rather than a first class on some 777X aircraft On European routes, potential introduction of a so-called ultra-light fare cheaper than its current lowest-cost “light” pricing segment. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week Oil down 1 per cent on rising US drilling fears, supply glut Bursa to be firmer next week Dollar tanks on US jobs data but stocks scale new peaks Money market expected to remain steady next week EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) Time for Islamic banks to consider merger, says banker Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Lufthansa expands Asia network with Cathay Pacific tie-up Nearly all Berlin flights cancelled due to strike (VIDEO) ABC News: Lufthansa flight to Germany diverted to NYC after threat More than 800 Lufthansa flights grounded as pilots resume strike Lufthansa scraps 900 flights today as pilots extend strike Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation News: Jeppesen Helps Enhance Pilot Safety by Sponsoring EAA AirVenture Pilot Proficiency Center Programs Englewood, Colo. | 01 Jun 2017 | By Jeppesen Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, will be promoting pilot safety by sponsoring Pilot Proficiency Center programs at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017. Jeppesen will help EAA emphasize the importance of pilot proficiency, efficiency and safety through Tech Talks presentations, which will be held in the Pilot Proficiency Center located at EAA Four Corners, just west of Boeing Plaza. “We are proud to support EAA in their mission to enhance pilot safety and increase awareness of current best practices through the Pilot Proficiency Center,” said Reggie Arsenault, director, Jeppesen General Aviation Client Management. “These programs are essential to achieve our shared goal of providing pilots with all of the essential information they need to safely take to the skies.”   Jeppesen is also helping sponsor several EAA AirVenture web pages including: Understanding Oshkosh Air Traffic Control, Ground Operations, International and Commercial arrivals, Weather and Fuel Services. Additionally, 2017 marks the 25th anniversary of the Young Eagles program, which was developed in 1992 and has provided more than 2 million young people ages 8-17 an introduction to the world of personal aviation. To honor the Young Eagles 25th anniversary, Jeppesen is designing and producing a commemorative chart, as well as hosting the Gathering of Eagles Grand Reception. “EAA AirVenture has always been a place of learning and discovery,” said Dave Chaimson, vice president of Marketing and Business Development. “With hundreds of forums taking place throughout the week, we are happy to do our part to support the sharing of flight safety and awareness to pilots coming to Oshkosh.” Jeppesen also supports year round EAA initiatives, including the sponsorship of the new Chapter Video Magazine and eNewsletter that celebrate the “Spirit of EAA” and incorporate segments of project patrols, volunteer spotlights and news from EAA headquarters. Jeppesen is also sponsoring IMC and VMC club programs which help promote pilot proficiency in instrument and non-instrument rated flying. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. About EAA AirVenture Oshkosh EAA AirVenture Oshkosh is the “World’s Greatest Aviation Celebration” and EAA’s yearly membership convention. Additional EAA AirVenture information, including advance ticket and camping purchase, is available online at www.eaa.org/airventure. EAA members receive lowest prices on admission rates. For more information on EAA and its programs, call 1-800-JOIN-EAA (1-800-564-6322) or visit www.eaa.org. Immediate news is available at www.twitter.com/EAA. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. Media Contact: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trump Pulls Out of Paris Climate Agreement Next PostNext Univision Local Media Joins the Sinclair and Nexstar Consortium to Promote Broadcast Spectrum Aggregation, Innovation and Monetization Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Flat Boxer Engine Market to Grow at a CAGR of 5% by 2021 – Improved Vehicle Performance Due to Low Center of Gravity & Minimal Engine Vibrations – Research and Markets Global Non-Surgical Cosmetic Surgery Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.8% by 2021 – Driven by the Growing Number of Men Opting For Cosmetic Surgery – Research and Markets Vice President Pence to Visit NASA’s Johnson Space Center for Astronaut Class Announcement Stratolauncher rolled out ! UN will work with Colombian Government and FARC-EP on extended weapons hand-in deadline Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Caracas, Saturday June 3,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Science, Nature & Technology Ariane 5 Rocket Lifts 2 Telecom Satellites in Record 10.8 Ton Payload Launch PARIS  A European Space Agency rocket launched from the European spaceport in French Guyana, South America, lifting its heaviest load to date with a record 10.8-ton payload composed of two telecoms satellites, the ESA said Friday. An Ariane 5 rocket blasted off successfully from ESAs Spaceport in Kourou on Friday carrying a 10,865-kilo payload composed of two telecommunications satellites. The Arianespace mission with ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B is now underway following Ariane 5s liftoff from the Spaceport in French Guiana, a statement said. The ViaSat-2, weighing 6,418 kilograms (14,149 pounds) was the first to be released into its planned orbit 29 minutes into the flight. The 3,551 kilogram Eutelsat-172B was released 12 minutes later. ViaSat-2, built by Boeing and owned and operated by ViaSat, will provide broadband coverage to North and Central America, the Caribbean, northern South America, and the Atlantic Oceans aeronautical and maritime routes linking North America and Europe. The Via Sat-2 has a design life of over 14 years. Eutelsat-172B is an all-electric, high powered (13 kW,) satellite built by Airbus for the Eutelsat consortium to provide telecoms, broadcast services and in-flight broadband and maritime connectivity to the Asia-Pacific region. The 172B is the first fully electrically-powered satellite which no longer requires tons of fuel on board and thus has reduced its mass up to 40 percent. The satellite has a design life of over 15 years. This Ariane 5 record payload exceeds by 130 kg the previous record achieved in Aug. 2016 according to the ESA note. This mission is the third Ariane 5 launch of 2017 with a further four scheduled launches later in the year and the satellites were the 558th and 559th to be launched by Arianespace, a statement said.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Shop Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Where We're Going... The 25 Best Time Travel Movies Paul Allen's Enormous Stratolaunch Carrier Aircraft Rolls Out of Hangar for First Time On a football field, the wingtips would extend beyond the goalposts by more than 12 feet on each side. Most Popular Stratolaunch Systems By Jay Bennett May 31, 2017 The gargantuan Stratolaunch carrier aircraft, built by Scaled Composites and nicknamed the "Roc," has the longest wingspan of any aircraft ever built: 385 feet from tip to tip. The six-engine mothership is designed to carry rockets between its two fuselages. Once at altitude, the mega-plane will drop the launch vehicle, which will then fire its boosters and launch to space from the air. .@Stratolaunch came out of the hangar for fuel testing. More pictures soon! pic.twitter.com/RCNgSpgG6W — Paul Allen (@PaulGAllen) May 31, 2017 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below It's a new way of approaching spaceflight, reminiscent of the X-plane testing the Air Force did in the 1950s and 60s, and Paul Allen's company Stratolaunch Systems is leading the way. The long aircraft just rolled out of the Scaled Composites hangar for the first time earlier today, May 31. Fueling tests will begin in the coming days, followed by engine runs, taxi tests, and finally first flight. Related Stories 13 of the Most Incredible Boeing 747s Replacing an 18,000-Pound Jet Engine at 40-Below Most Popular Stratolaunch Systems is still working on the rocket models that will be dropped from the carrier aircraft, but in October 2016 the company said it would use modified Pegasus XL rockets built by Orbital ATK for the first tests. In preparation for today's rollout, Scaled Composites spent the past weeks disassembling a three-story scaffold that surrounded the aircraft during construction. The aircraft's full weight rested on its 28 wheels for the first time, allowing Scaled Composites to weigh the almost entirely composite plane for the first time. It came in at 500,000 lbs. Stratolaunch Systems The big aircraft is designed for a maximum takeoff weight of 1,300,000 lbs., making the plane capable of carrying launch vehicles and their payloads weighing up to about 550,000 lbs., with 250,000 lbs. devoted to fuel. The first full launch test will use only one Pegasus XL rocket, but Stratolaunch has designed the system so up to three launch vehicles can be dropped during a single flight. The company will also look to expand the types of launch vehicles that are compatible with its carrier aircraft. Sign up for the Popular Mechanics Newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Sign Up Thank You! You have chosen to receive our newsletter at . You will receive an email shortly confirming your subscription. You have already subscribed. Flightline testing will be conducted at the Mojave Air and Space Port in California over the course of several months, extensively testing all the systems of the new aircraft before flight. Stratolaunch is also preparing for delivery of the first Pegasus XL rocket to their facilities in Mojave. The new spaceflight company is on track to conduct the first launch test by 2019. Stratolaunch is betting on a new way to launch rockets and payloads to space, and it has completed its gigantic aircraft for the job, revealing it to the world for the first time. If the Roc can drive up launch efficiency and drive down price, it might just change the orbital game. Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch Systems More from Popular Mechanics: More From Flight Flight Share Feds Consider Banning All Laptops on Flights to and From U.S. Airlines Share Tech Failure Grounds Hundreds of London Flights Airlines Share 10 Surprising Facts That Will Forever Change How You Look at Flying Flight Share Take a Look Inside Elvis Presley's Untouched Private Jet Flight Share Here's What We Know About Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin's Secret AIrship Airlines Share Russia's Newest Post-Soviet Airliner Is Ready to Fly Airlines Share TSA Is Testing a Change That Could Make Airport Security Even Slower GIF Drones Share DJI's Tiny, Affordable "Spark" Could Be a Great First Drone Airlines Share 5 Injured After a Fire Breaks Out on a United Flight Drones Share Appeals Court Strikes Down Drone Regulation Law Flight Here Comes China's First Homebuilt Aircraft Carrier China's First Aircraft Carrier Goes Out to Sea Here Comes China's First Home-Built Aircraft Carrier Britain's First New Aircraft Carrier in Decades Is Almost Ready China Launches its First Homemade Aircraft Carrier Rare Supersonic Bomber Rolls Out of the Hangar for the First Time in Decades More From Flight PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close at all-time highs despite weak jobs report CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Here's how much Americans spend on housing, food, alcohol Why you should care about May's job report Click to expand Replay Video America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC's Kate Rogers reports a growing public school teacher shortage is impacting classrooms across America. CNBC Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. Wochit Tech Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal U.S. President Donald Trump says withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seem to disagree. Kate King reports on how companies from Wall St to Silicone Valley have reacted. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Stocks higher despite jobs report miss CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC1:46 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech0:44 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters1:48 US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer0:55 Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money2:40 Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal.3:21 This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider1:33 Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News0:59 Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY1:03 People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business2:17 The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy1:02 Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post3:08 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech0:45 Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy1:01 Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider0:56 Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal.3:51 UP NEXT Stocks rose to record levels Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 190.23 +2.91 +1.55% CME Group Inc CME ▼ 116.93 -0.89 -0.76% Charles Schwab Corp SCHW ▼ 38.95 -0.75 -1.89% AdChoices The Dow closed 62 points higher, with Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 also managed a new all-time high, ending 0.37 percent higher. The Nasdaq outperformed, rising 0.94 percent to a record high. "This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you're going to see," said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management. "This isn't a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don't think you're going to get one." The Labor Department said 138,000 jobs were created last month, well below the expected 185,000. Wages also grew less than expected, with average hourly earnings rising at a 2.5 percent annualized rate. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.3 percent from 4.4 percent. "There are some sectors in the jobs market that are seeing strong wage growth and others that aren't," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor. "I think that's reflective of the tightness seen in some sectors. Chamberlain also noted the U.S. economy has added jobs for 80 straight months now, the longest positive streak dating back to the 1930s. "It's hard to ignore the the U.S. economy added fewer jobs than expected and, more importantly, the number came in below the 12-month average of 181,000," said Sharon Stark, managing director of fixed income strategies at Incapital. Load Error Investors eagerly awaited the report as it is one of the last major data sets released before the Federal Reserve holds its June monetary policy meeting. Market expectations for a rate hike were near 94 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The fall in job growth numbers may make some query the likelihood of a rate rise next month, however, one slightly disappointing month does not constitute a wholesale change in fortunes," said Kully Samra, UK managing director at Charles Schwab, in a note. "This is not so much a downward trend away from the strong jobs market but merely a temporary blip on the radar," Samra said. Treasury yields fell on the back of the jobs number, with the benchmark 10-year yield slipping to 2.16 percent; it also hit its lowest level since May 18 earlier in the session. The dollar also dropped against a batch of major currencies, with the dollar index slipping 0.43 percent to 96.78. In turn, the euro rose 0.53 percent to $1.127 against the U.S. currency. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Ready to soar? Aviation Festival hoping to attract much-needed pilots By Sean Moody Published: June 2, 2017 7:15 p.m. Updated: 5 hours ago + Leave a comment 1 of 14 View 14 Items Scott G Winterton, Deseret News Tara Hardinger and her children Kenner, Trinelle and Taggart watch as a plane takes off during the Skypark Aviation Festival and Expo at Skypark Airport in Woods Cross on Friday, June 2, 2017. The expo is Utah's largest annual aviation event. WOODS CROSS — Sunny skies this weekend will be perfect for the Skypark Airport Aviation Festival in Bountiful. Organizers hope it will attract lots of families to see the airplanes, but with demand growing for airline pilots, industry officials aim to use the event to lure future fliers. “There’s a unique opportunity for pilots right now,” said Matthew Schroeder, a captain for SkyWest Airlines who hopes to do some recruiting. That's because demand for pilots has spiked lately. According to a report issued by the Regional Airline Association, the major airlines will need to replace 18,000 pilots within the next few years as they reach the mandatory retirement age of 65. The report also notes a drop in new air transport pilot licenses, the highest certification given by the Federal Aviation Administration, which certifies pilots to fly commercial freight and passenger planes. Over the next 20 years, Boeing estimates North America will need 112,000 new pilots. “That demand is not going to go away. Those pilots are still going to be retiring at their mandatory age of 65, so there's still going to be those opportunities,” Schroeder said. The opportunities start in smaller planes like the ones at the festival. “Aviation is something everybody can do,” said Jason Clark, a flight instructor for Bountiful Flight. “We have $25 introductory flights today.” Bountiful Flight is one of several programs that have teamed up with SkyWest. Southern Utah University, Westminster College, Cornerstone Aviation Flight Schools and ATP Flight School are some of the schools across Utah that are part of the SkyWest Pilot Pathway Program. “You'll be a flight instructor, have a seniority number at SkyWest Airlines and as soon as you have your hours, you're on,” Clark said. They start out in small planes like a Czech Sport. Clark hopes safety features like a full-airplane parachute attract people. “We actually pick it up, bring it back, repack the parachute, and it'll be flying on our flight line again,” Clark said. Comment on this story As the crowds come to Bountiful for the festival Saturday, Schroeder and Clark hope to see them consider a career in the cockpit. “It is simply the best job in the world. There's no doubt about it,” Schroeder said. The festival runs from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Skypark Airport at 1887 S. 1800 West in Woods Cross. There will be aircraft manufacturers, universities, colleges, flight schools, aircraft manufacturers, food trucks, vendors activities and more. There will be skydivers at noon jumping into the airport, and SkyWest will be holding a career fair. Contributing: Viviane Vo-Duc Sean Moody Sean Moody is a reporter for KSL. Add a comment Like that? Read this. Utah 5 hours ago GOP delegates 'highly encouraged' to donate at convention to replace Chaffetz Utah 7 hours ago Canoe capsizes, sending woman 8 miles down San Rafael river Sponsored by KSL Jobs Nailed it! 7 sample interview questions from local employers Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 10 of the most unusual laws in Utah 2 How to keep your child safe during the '100 deadly days of summer' 3 Utah's favorite brunch dish is ... 4 Raw sewage floods Salt Lake truck stop 5 2 girls taken to hospital after eating marijuana cookie View all for Utah most Commented 72 Utah reactions to Paris climate change departure mixed 63 Pulling out of climate accord depresses USU professor, elates Utah's senators 43 Mitt Romney, Squatty Potty respond to Kathy Griffin's 'beheaded Trump' gag 30 Park City to pay new teachers $50,700 a year plus benefits 27 Double-decker I-15? Better growth planning could prevent that, lawmaker says 24 Initiative to raise taxes to fund education kicks off next week 22 No 'Trump bashing' expected at Romney's fifth Deer Valley political retreat 14 Local school districts are digging deep to attract, retain teachers Saturday, June, 3, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Air India to buy 4 Boeing Dreamliners, use $450mn bridge loan to fund purchase Air India to buy 4 Boeing Dreamliners, use $450mn bridge loan to fund purchase With a view to expanding international operations, Air India will add four Dreamliner aircraft to its fleet. Senior executives at the airline said it would use a $450 million bridge loan (`2,900 crore) to part fund the purchase. By: Malyaban Ghosh | New Delhi | Published: June 3, 2017 6:19 AM “The acquisition of these four Dreamliners was a part of the original acquisition plan of 68 aircraft from Boeing. With these, the fleet of 787s will go up to 27,” a senior official of Air India said. (Reuters) With a view to expanding international operations, Air India will add four Dreamliner aircraft to its fleet. Senior executives at the airline said it would use a $450 million bridge loan (Rs 2,900 crore) to part fund the purchase. The mandate for sourcing the loan has been given to Mashreque Bank and NABARD. The expansion of the Dreamliner fleet will help the airline operate on long haul routes. “The acquisition of these four Dreamliners was a part of the original acquisition plan of 68 aircraft from Boeing. With these, the fleet of 787s will go up to 27,” a senior official of Air India said. The first Dreamliner aircraft was inducted into the fleet in 2012 and the last one will come in October this year. The airline could opt for either the sale and lease back model or the direct finance model. Air India chairman, Ashwani Lohani, has observed aircraft should be purchased rather than sold and leased back. “Both direct purchase and sale and lease back model (SLB) have their advantages and disadvantages and we will need to consider these,” the official mentioned above, said. Watch this also: The Dreamliners form the backbone of the Air India’s fleet and will come in handy when the airline flies on the direct routes like Delhi- San Fransisco, Delhi – Madrid or the recently launched Delhi – Copenhagen. Currently, the average daily utilisation of the 787 is between 13 to 14 hours a day. Apart from the Dreamliners, Air India will also add a Boeing 777 wide body aircraft by January 2018. Currently, Air India is the largest operator of non stop flights to United States, United Kingdom and other European destinations. Almost 75% of the capacity of Air India is deployed on the international sector. The airline is in the process of inducting 14 A320 narrow body aircraft from Alafco, a Kuwait -based aircraft leasing company which will mostly replace the old narrow body aircraft deployed in the domestic sector. No Comments. Don't Miss Rajnath Singh says 368 terrorists neutralised in Kashmir between 2014-2017, security situation under control National Investigation Agency conducts raids across Kashmir, Delhi in connection with terror funding case EVM hacking challenge begins with NCP, CPI-M as only participants; 5 things to know CBSE 10th results 2017 live updates: Secondary school results to be announced anytime now on cbse.nic.in, cbseresults.nic.in and also on Bing CBI arrests Lt Col Ranganathan Suvramani Moni, middlemen Gaurav Kohli in Army transfer racket China’s largest solar powered unmanned plane flies at 65,000ft; can stay in air for months Leo Varadkar: All you need to know about the new Indian origin PM of Ireland Poonch ceasefire violation: Army retaliates strongly to Pakistan firing in Jammu and Kashmir, one civilian injured Election Commission EVM challenge begins, AAP to hold separate hackathon Army chief Bipin Rawat calls on J&K governor to discuss security issues Business Gallery Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Indian Navy rescues 33 Bangladeshis as Cyclone Mora hits hard, see pictures Moscow metro station: One of the world’s visually stunning underground systems; here’s how it looks like Narendra Modi in Spain: PM shares light moments with Spanish President Mariano Rajoy; take a look Technology Gallery Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Hindi News जम्मू कश्मीर: आर्मी के काफिले पर आतंकी हमला, एक जवान शहीद, चार जख्मी ईवीएम हैकिंग चैलेंज शुरू, दिल्ली दफ्तर में NCP और CPM ले रहीं हिस्सा योगी आदित्य नाथ की अधिकारियों को सख्त हिदायत - हम जमीन पर बैठने वाले लोग हैं, मेरे लिए ना हो कोई खास प्रबंध Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations FROM JOSEPH FARAH'S G2 BULLETIN B-52s dropped from key nuke-delivery strategy 'No longer considered survivable enough to slip through modern air defenses' Published: 6 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print The venerable B-52 Stratofortress long-range bombers, which have been carrying America’s nuclear bomb deterrent safely since today’s grandfathers were in diapers, are being withdrawn from a key national nuclear bomb delivery strategy, says a new report in Joseph Farah’s G2 Bulletin. Hans Kristensen at the Federal of America Scientists noted there have been several indications in recent years of a coming change. He said the military budget request for FY2018 “only lists the B-2 as carrier of the strategic nuclear gravity bombs.” “U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM) apparently has not been assigning nuclear gravity bombs to B-52 bombers since at least 2010. Today, only the 20 B-2 stealth-bombers are tasked with strategic nuclear gravity bombs under the nuclear strike plans,” he explained. “The reason for the change appears to be that the B-52 is no longer considered survivable enough to slip through modern air-defenses and drop nuclear gravity bombs on enemy territory,” said Kristensen. “The B-52 is still equipped to carry the nuclear-armed air-launched cruise missile (ALCM or AGM-86B), which can be launched from well outside the reach of air-defenses, and is scheduled to receive the new LRSO (Long Range Standoff Missile) by the late-20s (even though that’s probably unnecessary),” he wrote. According to Boeing, manufacturer of the B-52, the aircraft celebrated 60 years in the air in 2014. “The eight-engine, 390,000-pound (176,901-kilogram) jet was America’s first long-range, swept-wing heavy bomber. It began as an intercontinental, high-altitude nuclear bomber, and its operational capabilities were adapted to meet changing defense needs,” the maker said. “It had a rocky beginning. The original XB-52 design, selected by the Army Air Forces in 1946, was for a straight-wing, six-engine, propeller-powered heavy bomber. On Oct. 21, 1948, Boeing Chief Engineer Ed Wells and his design team were in Dayton, Ohio, when the Air Force’s chief of bomber development told them to scrap the propellers and come up with an all-jet bomber. Over the following weekend, in a Dayton hotel room, the team designed a new eight-engine jet bomber, still called the B-52, made a scale model out of balsa wood and prepared a 33-page report.” The result was the beginning of production and the turbofan-powered version. The most recent version made its first flight in 1961. A total of 744 were built in Seattle and Wichita, Kansas, and about 10 percent still fly. The B-52 cut the round-the-world speed record in half. In January 1962, it flew 12,500 miles nonstop from Japan to Spain without refueling. The jet broke 11 distance and speed records on that flight alone. The B-52 saw active duty in the Vietnam War and was used in the Persian Gulf War in 1991 and over Afghanistan in 2001. The technology on the bombers constantly is being upgraded, and Boeing stated, “Modern engineering analyses showed the B-52’s expected lifespan extending beyond 2040.” For the rest of this report, and more, please go to Joseph Farah’s G2 Bulletin. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories Ready, don't aim, fire! 'Smart rifle' creates army of sharpshooters Soldiers given help 'seeing' their enemies U.S. lacks 'strategy' for successful conclusion to Afghan war Expert: Boom in commercial satellites coming Venezuela sets up Russians to gain U.S. oil-market stake Canada funds crackdown that nets multiple terror suspects Marines bring life-saving medical tech to front lines Step-by-step, Iran beginning to challenge Trump Air Force doubles down on need for speed Abbas: We want our children to live 'along with Israeli children in peace' WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Jeff Bezos, Amazon, Washington Post and the CIA Real America Patrice Lewis At last, liberalism is reaping great rewards MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson Vietnam: From foe to trading partner BENGHAZI-GATE Larry Klayman Obama judge dishonors heroes pre-Memorial Day ELECTION 2016 Craige McMillan Hillary: Globalists' silver bullet that fell short More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'Smashing the D.C. Monopoly' – $4.95 today only! Sen. Tom Coburn's 'essential' book on 'Using Article V to Restore Freedom and Stop Runaway Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Stocks climb to all-time highs Wall Street shrugs off weak jobs report Published: 11 hours ago (CNBC) U.S. equities rose to record levels on Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. The Dow Jones industrial average traded about 65 points higher and reached its first intraday record since March 1, with Boeing contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 also managed a new all-time intraday high, trading 0.3 percent higher. The Nasdaq composite outperformed, rising 0.8 percent to reach an all-time high. “This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you’re going to see,” said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management. “This isn’t a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don’t think you’re going to get one.” Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 NAVIGATOR SEARCH Network ViaSat's New Satellite Launch Furthers Reach of High-Speed Internet ViaSat said the new $625 million satellite will allow it to offer residential satellite internet plans with up to 100 megabits per second speeds and virtually unlimited data use. by Mike Freeman, The San Diego Union-Tribune / June 2, 2017 Twitter/ViaSat (TNS) -- ViaSat’s latest internet satellite blasted into space Thursday afternoon, furthering the Carlsbad company’s strategy of delivering high-speed broadband to more homes and commercial airlines for in-flight Wi-Fi. ViaSat-2, which at 14,149 pounds is the size of four sedans, launched from Guiana Space Center on an Ariane 5 rocket. It was supposed to enter orbit on April 25, but civil unrest in French Guiana delayed blast off until Thursday. With more than 300 gigabits per second of maximum capacity, ViaSat-2 has more than twice the bandwidth of the company’s first internet satellite, ViaSat-1, launched six years ago. It’s the highest capacity communications satellite ever launched, according to the company. RELATEDViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite BroadbandHow New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane ForecastsSatellite Constellations May Challenge the Broadband Industry ViaSat-2 represents the latest test to the company’s strategy of engineering satellites to maximize speed and low-cost bandwidth in hopes of mitigating concerns over latency — the delays as signals travel from space to Earth that can bog down some real-time applications such as online gaming. ViaSat held a blast-off party at its corporate headquarters Thursday, where several hundred employees and guests watched a live stream of the launch. “With ViaSat-2, we set out to solve this problem of how do we get capacity and coverage,” said Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. “We were able to do that. ViaSat-2 has over seven times the coverage of ViaSat-1.” ViaSat said the new $625 million satellite, which was built by Boeing Satellite Systems in El Segundo, will allow it to offer residential satellite internet plans with up to 100 megabits per second speeds and virtually unlimited data use — challenging cable and telephone line internet in some regions. That beats ViaSat’s current baseline plans, which start at 12 megabits per second but have usage caps around 10 gigabits per month. Launched in 2011, ViaSat-1 is full with 660,000 subscribers. It will take several months to test and position ViaSat-2 in its orbital slot 22,000 miles above Earth. The company expects to begin offering service in January. Competitor Hughes Network Systems, owned by EchoStar, already launched its second high capacity internet satellite, giving it about a seven-month head start on ViaSat-2. But analysts say there’s room for both. About 14 million U.S. households are outside the footprint of cable or telephone company high speed internet services. But only 1.7 million currently subscribe to satellite internet, according to Northern Sky Research. For commercial flights, ViaSat-2 aims to deliver 25 megabit speeds or better to each passenger airplane, and widen geographic coverage beyond the U.S. The satellite’s footprint reaches the Caribbean, Mexico, Central America, parts of South America and across the Atlantic. Once in Europe, ViaSat-2 would hand off in-flight Wi-Fi to satellites of partner Eutelsat, but the switch would be seamless to users, the company said. “In fact, with ViaSat-2, you’ll be able to fly from the U.S. West Coast all the way across the Atlantic and through Europe to the Middle East with ViaSat’s network,” said David Abrahamian, director of space systems at ViaSat. The company currently powers free inflight Wi-Fi on JetBlue, as well as some American Airlines and United Airlines commercial aircraft. More than 550 aircraft use its technology today, which is fast enough for passengers to watch Netflix and Amazon Prime video on their mobile devices in the air. About 830 additional commercial aircraft are in the pipeline to be retrofitted with antennas for ViaSat-powered onboard Wi-Fi. Northern Sky Research forecasts in-flight connectivity will be installed on two out of every three commercial passenger aircraft worldwide by the end of 2026, driven by higher demand for broadband connectivity. The industry research firm said inflight Wi-Fi could generate $32 billion in revenue over the next decade. While ViaSat pushed the market toward faster in-flight Wi-Fi, competitors are fighting back. Gogo, a Chicago company that provides cellular-based ground-to-air Wi-Fi to airlines, has developed a new antenna and leased space on existing satellites to provide faster speeds. It is battling with ViaSat and others for a pending Wi-Fi upgrade contract at Alaska Airlines, according to analysts. ViaSat-2 isn’t the end for the company. It’s currently building payloads for ViaSat-3 – a three satellite constellation slated to begin launching in 2019. Each ViaSat-3 satellite will have 1 terabit-per-second maximum capacity – more than triple that of ViaSat-2. When all are in orbit, the company will have global coverage. “What’s really important is ViaSat-2 is a stepping stone to ViaSat-3, said Baldridge. “Two of those satellites are already under construction with our Boeing partner. We just can’t wait to get there in a couple years.” ©2017 The San Diego Union-Tribune Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED ViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite Broadband How New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane Forecasts Satellite Constellations May Challenge the Broadband Industry DISCUSS We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. MORE FROM Network Papers You may also like ViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite Broadband MAGAZINE Government Technology June 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Case study: City of LA Integrates Real-Time Security Intelligence Sharing Across 40+ City Agencies Download Latest Issue SUBSCRIBE Our Network CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO GOVTECH NAVIGATOR Social © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE
Services Advertising Press Room Image bank Monitoring Subscribe for news Saturday, 03 June 2017 USD 26.27 EUR 29.47 RUB 0.46 ENG УКР РУС Search Our Community Close. Information Agency Main Page Politics Economy War Kyiv Society World Pictures Videos Opinions Publications For subscribers Services Press Room Monitoring Image bank Products Advertising Archive Feedback Contact Putin to corporate America: You should 'help' President Trump "Help us restore normal political dialogue," Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday, according to CNN. World 20:30, 02 June 2017 REUTERS "I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration," he said, CNN reports. Putin's audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris, and Honeywell. "If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that ... it harms everyone," he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. "We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation," he said. "We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure." Putin's comments come one day after he suggested that "patriotic hackers" may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It's the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Read alsoHow Trump administration's secret efforts to ease Russia sanctions fell short – mediaPutin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. "We don't know each other, we've never met," Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. Read alsoReuters: Trump blasts Russia probe, touts ex-adviser Page over FBI, CIA"He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can't really classify him as a traditional politician," Putin said of Trump. "This is a person with a fresh view of things." Tags: Putin, sanctions, Russia, Trump, USA, forum If you notice a spelling error, please highlight it with your mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Read also Putin bigger threat than ISIS - McCain Week’s milestones. President’s third anniversary, restless Lutsenko, and surprise for prime minister Ukrainian interest. Mutual understanding in Normandy, Trump’s appearance before Europe, and Dodon's maneuvers Slap in Gazprom’s face Yandex.Ukraine transferred Ukrainians’ personal data to Russian intel, SBU says Ukraine starts recovering Gazprom assets following court rulings World 22:30 Putin vows response to "eliminate threat" if Sweden joins NATO - media 20:30 Putin to corporate America: You should 'help' President Trump 16:12 Local solutions, people-centred health systems key to ending AIDS epidemic – UN deputy chief 11:58 CNN: Against backdrop of uncertainty, U.S. B-52 bombers deploy to Europe 11:11 How Trump administration's secret efforts to ease Russia sanctions fell short – media 10:14 Trump dismays, angers allies by abandoning global climate pact – media 09:00 Opinion Line of contention – why EU-US understanding worsens 01 June, Thursday 21:06 Putin hints at U.S. election meddling by "patriotically minded" Russians - NYT 13:59 Trump administration approves tougher visa vetting, including social media checks – Reuters 10:31 Bloomberg: Senators propose stronger U.S. sanctions against Russia 09:46 U.S.-led coalition strike kills founder of IS media outlet: brother – media 08:55 Reuters: Trump blasts Russia probe, touts ex-adviser Page over FBI, CIA 31 May, Wednesday 23:10 Montenegro PM comments on Russian entry ban against country’s politicians 22:10 Trump expected to withdraw from Paris climate agreement - CNN 15:19 Vucic sworn in as Serbian president amid protests – media 14:24 DW: Germany seeks to block NATO summit in Turkey 12:16 Huge bomb blast kills dozens, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital – media 09:48 Macedonia lawmakers set to back new government – media 30 May, Tuesday 20:55 Congress expands Russia investigation to include Trump's personal attorney 11:48 N. Korea claims successful ballistic missile test – media 10:51 One serviceman killed after An-26 plane makes hard landing in western Russia – media 29 May, Monday 21:50 U.S. soldier who fought alongside Russian-backed militants discharged from Army 17:50 Opinion Make Europe safe again 15:42 EU extends sanctions against Syrian regime by one year 13:13 Navalny seeks permits for June 12 protests across Russia – media 11:51 WannaCry hackers 'were likely from southern China' – media 08:50 Reuters: North Korea fires Scud-class ballistic missile, Japan protests 28 May, Sunday 23:37 Merkel: Europe can no longer rely on U.S. and Britain – DW 21:53 U.S. Defense Secretary Mattis: War with North Korea would be "catastrophic" – CBS News 27 May, Saturday 22:40 Russian oligarch asks for immunity to testify about Manafort 15:40 Kremlin: Putin heading to Paris with "well-known" position on Ukraine 11:40 Carter’s national security advisor Brzezinski dies at 89 10:40 Kushner reportedly tried to set up secret Trump-Russia back channel 26 May, Friday 23:46 Trump adviser says no plans to ease sanctions on Russia – The Washington Times 22:45 G7 leaders stand united in fight against terrorism – Taormina statement 17:56 Reuters: Tillerson says U.S. takes 'full responsibility' for Manchester intelligence leaks 16:20 Majority of Americans see Russia as foe - Fox News poll 16:00 Moldova's president: Transnistria will never become federal subject of Russia 15:40 Jeff Koons accused of copying Ukrainian artist's work – media 12:00 Trump's son-in-law under scrutiny in Russia probe – media 25 May, Thursday 20:14 Reuters: Car blast injures former Greek PM Papademos 11:40 U.S. to boost sanctions on Iran, Syria, N. Korea 11:00 U.S. envoy urges Balkan States to guard against Russian influence efforts – media 09:40 Former Trump adviser says will testify before House intel panel - media 04:46 NYT: Top Russian officials discussed how to influence Trump aides last summer 24 May, Wednesday 23:20 Russia's defense chief blames U.S. foreign policy for tension in Ukraine, Syria 19:15 Reuters Exclusive: Wannacry hits Russian postal service, exposes wider security shortcomings 11:00 Ukraine-Turkey FTA sees progress 10:40 Russia called main threat in Polish defense doctrine – Rzeczpospolita 09:00 UK terror threat level raised to critical - BBC 23 May, Tuesday 17:55 Reuters: Former CIA chief says he warned Moscow over election hacking 16:20 Russian spies seek EU recruits in fight clubs - media 10:20 Washington State recognizes Holodomor as genocide of Ukrainians 09:00 Updated UPDATE: Manchester Arena blast kills 22, injures 59 - BBC 22 May, Monday 17:57 Flynn to decline U.S. Senate subpoena in Russia probe: media 13:20 McCain: Russian diplomat didn't belong in the Oval Office – The Hill 13:00 Euronews ends Ukrainian-language broadcasts – media 10:40 Reuters Exclusive: Venezuela holds 5,000 Russian surface-to-air MANPADS missiles 09:00 North Korea says ballistic missile test successful 21 May, Sunday 23:33 Trump's FBI comments to Russians were aimed at cooperation – media 11:34 BBC: Mexican mob attacks Russian over insults in Cancun (Video) 19 May, Friday 23:50 FBI once warned Congressman Rohrabacher of recruitment attempt by Russian spies - NYT 21:50 U.S. not willing to join Normandy format: German government’s coordinator for Russia cooperation 15:47 Reuters Exclusive: Putin's ex-wife linked to multi-million-dollar property business 13:40 Sweden drops Assange rape investigation – BBC All news All news Open © UNIAN.INFO, 1998 - 2017 All Rights Protected. Under article 26 of the Law of Ukraine "On information agencies" the right of ownership of the news agency’s products is protected by Ukrainian legislation. The information published by UNIAN and the site unian.info are the property of "UNIAN." Any copying, including parts of texts or images, the publication and republication, reprinting or any other dissemination of UNIAN content, in whatever form or by whatever technical means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of UNIAN. While quoting any content of the agency, subscribers are obliged to note that its source is UNIAN. Material from UNIAN Web sites can be quoted without consent only on the condition that no more than one paragraph of text is used, and a direct hyperlink to the original text, accessible to search engines, is included no lower than the second paragraph of the text. The UNIAN logo is a registered trademark (service mark) UNIAN. Materials marked as "PR" and "Advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser. Load more Do you like the new site? Leave your opinion Send
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains By Wallace Witkowski and Anora Mahmudova Published: June 2, 2017 4:29 p.m. ET Share Nonfarm payrolls show 138,000 jobs added in May Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg 138,000 jobs added in May, unemployment falls to 4.3% By WallaceWitkowski Reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter U.S. stock-market indexes closed at records Friday, led by gains for technology shares as investors looked past a weaker-than-expected May jobs report. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37%  closed up 9.01 points, or 0.4%, at a record 2,349.07, after touching an intraday record at 2,440.23. Tech, with a 1% rise, was the top performing sector. Energy shares finished down 1.2%, largely following oil prices. Financials stocks were another area of weakness on Wall Street, with the sector trading 0.4% lower. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  rose 62.11 points, or 0.3%, to finish at a record 21,206.29, led higher by shares of Boeing Co. BA, +1.55%  and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +2.37%  Earlier, the average touched a record intraday high of 21,225.04. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.94%  climbed 58.97 points, or 0.9%, to close at a record 6,305.80, after touching an intraday high of 6,308.76. Along with all three main indexes closing at records, the Dow industrials finished the week up 0.6%, the S&P 500 advanced 1%, and the Nasdaq gained 1.5%. The May nonfarm payrolls data showed the economy added 138,000 jobs last month, coming in below Wall Street economists’ forecasts. The details of the jobs report were also weaker than expected. The number of job gains for April and March were revised lower. The unemployment rate slipped to 4.3% but the decline was largely due to shrinking labor force. Average wages rose 0.2% to $26.22 an hour, in line with expectations. “This is undoubtedly a weak jobs report, especially with downward revisions. But it’s just one data point that will not change the Fed’s course, which is to raise rates at its June meeting,” said Michael Antonelli, equity sales trader at Robert W. Baird & Co. “Nonfarm payrolls month-to-month is a very jumpy number and a one-off weakness should not be seen as a beginning of a trend. For example, we’ve had a very poor print in May 2016, with 43,000 jobs. Since then, the S&P 500 is up about 400 points,” Antonelli said. Read: The S&P 500 has never had a down year after a start like 2017 Despite the unexpectedly low print on the jobs report, expectations for a rate increase in June didn’t fall. Fed fund futures are pricing in a 91% probability of a rate increase this month, according to the CME FedWatch tool. While a June hike is widely expected, the weak jobs number and tepid wage growth may give the Fed pause when it comes to other rate increases this year, said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management, in an interview. “Wage growth is not fabulous, and maybe that gives the Fed room to sit on rates,” Nolte said. “Markets love a near-zero rate.” Should inflation trends and weakness persist then it’s entirely possible that a rate increase in June could be the last one of 2017, and with Treasury yields at unexpected lows, equities become one of the few games in town for a return, said Nolte. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -2.17%  fell nearly 6 basis points to 2.154%, declining below its 200-day moving average for the first time since October. Meanwhile, the dollar weakened against other major currencies, with the ICE U.S. Dollar index DXY, -0.55%  last down less than 0.1% at 96.68. Other markets: Oil prices CLN7, -1.28%  fell 1.5% to settle at $47.66 a barrel for a three-week low on Friday, partly driven by concerns that President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord will lead to an increase in U.S. oil output. The Nikkei 225 index NIK, +1.60%  closed above the key 20,000 level, adding 1.6% as the Japanese yen eased against the dollar USDJPY, -0.85% European stocks SXXP, +0.23%  finished higher, and the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.05% pared back from an intraday high to close up less than 0.1%. Gold prices GCQ7, +0.90%  rose 0.8% to settle at $1,280.20 an ounce. Individual stocks: Shares of Broadcom Limited AVGO, +8.50%  finished up 8.5% after reporting earnings. Shares of Lululemon Athletica Inc. LULU, +11.55%  shot up nearly 12% after the apparel-maker posted first-quarter results that beat expectations and announced a shake-up of its Ivivva brand, late Thursday. Leading the slump in energy were shares of Devon Energy Corp. DVN, -3.33% Newfield Exploration Co. NFX, -5.02% Range Resources Corp. RRC, -3.89% all of which finished down 3% or more, while Transocean Ltd. RIG, -2.17%  shares declined 2.2%. Shares of Cooper Cos. COO, +8.43%  rallied 8.4% after Raymond James raised its price target of medical device company’s stock. Shares of Delta Air Lines DAL, +2.69%  advanced 2.7% after the company reported its monthly operating performance. Shares of RH Inc. RH, -25.69%  sank nearly 26% after the retail chain formerly known as Restoration Hardware cut its earnings outlook for the year. Opinion: This is the most recommended stock —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch This is the most recommended U.S. stock Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX +9.01 +0.37% DJIA +62.11 +0.29% BA +2.91 +1.55% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% COMP +58.97 +0.94% TMUBMUSD10Y -0.05 -2.17% DXY -0.53 -0.55% CLN7 -0.62 -1.28% NIK +317.25 +1.60% USDJPY -0.95 -0.85% SXXP +0.89 +0.23% UKX +3.86 +0.05% GCQ7 +11.40 +0.90% AVGO +19.94 +8.50% LULU +5.62 +11.55% DVN -1.14 -3.33% NFX -1.63 -5.02% RRC -0.90 -3.89% RIG -0.20 -2.17% COO +18.53 +8.43% DAL +1.34 +2.69% RH -14.71 -25.69% Show all references Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Volume 329.7M Open 21,142 High 21,225 Low 21,130 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $190.23 +2.91 (+1.55%) Volume 3.0M Open $187.82 High $191.70 Low $187.65 P/E Ratio 23.31 Div Yield 2.99 Market Cap 113.1B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 541.2B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Volume 0 Open 6,262 High 6,309 Low 6,254 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.16% -0.05 (-2.17%) Volume 0 Open 2.21% High 2.23% Low 2.14% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 96.67 -0.53 (-0.55%) Volume 0 Open 97.19 High 97.31 Low 96.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $47.74 -0.62 (-1.28%) Volume 783.8K Open $48.04 High $48.19 Low $46.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 20,177.28 +317.25 (+1.60%) Volume 0 Open 19,970 High 20,240 Low 19,967 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 110.41 -0.95 (-0.85%) Volume 0 Open 111.36 High 111.72 Low 110.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 392.55 +0.89 (+0.23%) Volume 0 Open 392.16 High 394.68 Low 391.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,547.63 +3.86 (+0.05%) Volume 0 Open 7,544 High 7,599 Low 7,540 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Aug 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCQ7 $1,281.50 +11.40 (+0.90%) Volume 257.6K Open $1,268 High $1,282 Low $1,261 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Broadcom Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: AVGO $254.53 +19.94 (+8.50%) Volume 10.8M Open $248.54 High $255.82 Low $244.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.6 Market Cap 94.2B lululemon athletica inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LULU $54.29 +5.62 (+11.55%) Volume 22.5M Open $56.41 High $56.85 Low $54.06 P/E Ratio 24.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.7B Devon Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DVN $33.13 -1.14 (-3.33%) Volume 6.4M Open $33.91 High $33.97 Low $32.87 P/E Ratio 60.02 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 18.0B Newfield Exploration Co. U.S.: NYSE: NFX $30.83 -1.63 (-5.02%) Volume 3.1M Open $32.12 High $32.14 Low $30.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.5B Range Resources Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RRC $22.24 -0.90 (-3.89%) Volume 8.8M Open $22.90 High $23.03 Low $21.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.36 Market Cap 5.7B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $9.03 -0.20 (-2.17%) Volume 12.2M Open $9.09 High $9.10 Low $8.88 P/E Ratio 5.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.5B Cooper Cos. U.S.: NYSE: COO $238.32 +18.53 (+8.43%) Volume 1.1M Open $227.65 High $240.42 Low $226.72 P/E Ratio 35.73 Div Yield 0.03 Market Cap 10.8B Delta Air Lines Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DAL $51.19 +1.34 (+2.69%) Volume 11.6M Open $50.55 High $51.88 Low $50.50 P/E Ratio 9.51 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 36.7B RH U.S.: NYSE: RH $42.54 -14.71 (-25.69%) Volume 18.5M Open $44.20 High $45.16 Low $41.52 P/E Ratio 114.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.9B
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Steve Brown Plano officially opens Legacy West urban village: 'Welcome to the center of the universe' Filed under Real Estate at 13 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now More than three years after the groundbreaking, developers formally opened Plano's $3 billion Legacy West development on Friday. The ribbon cutting at the project's centerpiece urban village is a milestone for one of North Texas' most ambitious real estate endeavors. "This project took an army to develop," said Legacy West's Fehmi Karahan. "A project like this one has consumed me - night and day, seven days a week for about three years." Developed by Karahan, KDC and Columbus Realty Partners, Legacy West is located on the Dallas North Tollway and State Highway 121. Dallas' Sam Moon family switches orbits, from handbags to a Legacy West hotel in Plano The project was built on 250 acres of surplus land surrounding retailer J.C. Penney's headquarters. This weekend's celebration is to debut the Legacy West Urban Village, which has more than 300,000 square feet of shops and restaurants, about 300,000 square feet of office space, more than 1,000 apartments and a high-rise hotel. The retail and restaurant center and most of the office space is already rented. Plano Mayor Harry LaRosiliere, right, Secretary of State Rolando Pablos, and developer Fehmi Karahan cut the ribbon during the grand opening ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Scissors sit on the stage during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan embraces Robert Shaw during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Roger Staubach listens to a speaker during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan, right, embraces Plano Mayor Harry LaRosiliere during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan speaks during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Justin Juarez, a member of the Plano Symphony Orchestra plays during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Audience members clap during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Instruments lay at the feet Plano Symphony Orchestra members during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Restaurants in Legacy West include Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, Fogo de Chao, Mesero, Shake Shack, Taverna, True Food Kitchen and Toulouse. Legacy West's retailers include Bonobos, Coach, Fabletics, Filson, Johnny Was, Peter Millar, Pockets Menswear, Suitsupply, Tesla, Tommy Bahama, TUMI, and West Elm. "You can make great projects, but if you don't lease it doesn't work," Karahan said. "On the office leasing, we've been attracting some of the best names in the country." Aerospace giant Boeing recently announced plans to locate a new division headquarters in the Legacy West Urban Village. And Toyota has just started moving the first of thousands of workers into its new North American headquarters located just up the street. Liberty Mutual Insurance and JPMorgan Chase will start moving thousands more employees into Legacy West late this year. Plano's Legacy West adds Madewell, J. Crew, M.A.C and Levi's to store lineup More than 20,000 people will soon work in the development. "Welcome to the center of the universe," said Plano's mayor Harry LaRosiliere. "What makes this special is the sense of place created. "Anybody can build strip shopping centers," LaRosiliere said. "Only Fehmi Karahan can building Legacy West." Karahan developed Legacy West after having great success with the Shops at Legacy retail center he built on the east side of the tollway at Legacy Drive. "I had this dream to someday build something across the street," Karahan said. After petitioning Penney for years to develop its vacant land, the team of Karahan Cos., KDC and Columbus Realty were picked from a field of competing developers in early 2014. Just three months later in April of 2014 Toyota stunned the market when it announced it would build its new headquarters in Legacy West - joining FedEx Office as the first major companies in the mixed-use project. After Toyota's announcement, Legacy West took off. What was supposed to be a 10-year project is almost out of land and is recognized as one of the most successful such projects in the country. Plano's Legacy West celebrates grand opening with free bites and more delights "I'm proud to be involved in the partnership building this project," said Roger Staubach, the former Dallas Cowboys' star quarterback and a partner in Legacy West's apartments. "Legacy West is going to be outstanding. "People who live in the apartments are going to be able to walk to the finest retail experience in the Dallas area." Designed by architect Gensler, the $400 million Legacy West Urban Village was financed by JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Invesco Real Estate is a financial partner in the development. This weekend's grand opening events for the Legacy West Urban Village include live entertainment and drink tastings. Some of the retailers will be offering store discounts. Legacy West Urban Village includes more than 300,000 square feet of shops and restaurants and hundreds of new apartments. (Steve Brown) Three years ago the Legacy West Urban Village site was just a vacant field on the Dallas North Tollway. (Steve Brown) In this Collection... Everything you need to know about Plano's Legacy West development Dallas' Sam Moon family switches orbits, from handbags to a Legacy West hotel in Plano Plano's Legacy West adds Madewell, J. Crew, M.A.C and Levi's to store lineup Plano's Legacy West celebrates grand opening with free bites and more delights See all 30 Stories View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 The World's Largest Airplane is Finally Unveiled Nick Mafi• Architectural Digest June 2, 2017 The Stratolaunch aircraft was the dream of Paul Allen, the owner of the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers and NFL's Seattle SeahawksMore By Nick Mafi. Photo by: Getty Images. Plans for the Stratolaunch airplane, a a dual-fuselage, 28-wheel behemoth that measures more than 385 feet from wingtip to wingtip, had been in the works since 2011. Finally, at an event in Mojave, California, the world's largest airplane was wheeled out of its hangar for the first time. The 500,000 pound Stratolaunch is the dream of Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen (who is also the owner of the NBA's Portland Trail Blazers and NFL's Seattle Seahawks). Standing 50 feet tall, 238 feet long, and powered by six engines that are also used on Boeing 747s, the Stratolaunch can carry 250,000 pounds of fuel while also taking off with a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds. As impressive as those measurements are, there is actually one airplane that is slightly longer. The An-225, which was a Soviet Union built plane in 1988, is about 275 feet long (37 ft. longer than the Stratolaunch). Yet, the Stratolaunch has a bigger wingspan, technically making it the larger airplane. More than a traditional airplane, however, the Stratolaunch is engineered to release rockets that will carry satellites into space. According to the company, this will significantly decrease the costs associated with launching satellites into orbit. "With aircraft-like operations, our reusable launch platform will significantly reduce the long wait times traditionally experienced between the construction of a satellite and the opportunity to launch it into space," Allen stated. "As the launch vehicle rockets into orbit, Stratolaunch will fly back to a runway landing for reloading, refueling and reuse." Because the aircraft will be tasked with such a uniquely challenging task, the engineers and designers at the company want to ensure everything runs according to plans during the crucial testing phases. "This is a first-of-its-kind aircraft, so we're going to be diligent throughout testing and continue to prioritize the safety of our pilots," said Jean Floyd, Stratolaunch's chief executive officer, in a statement. Floyd indicated the goal for the aircraft is to have a launch demonstration as early as 2019. Before that happens, however, Floyd and his team will run several fuel and ground tests on the Stratolaunch. This story originally appeared on Architectural Digest. More from Architectural Digest: The 10 Best New Luxury Cruises Tour the World’s Most Luxurious Submarine Superyacht This Could Be the Most Luxurious Superyacht Yet Fourteen of the Most Luxurious Yacht Decks See What's Inside Donald Trump's Former Superyacht 10 Hotels With Unbelievably High-End Amenities Popular in the Community Claiming ‘bullying’ by Trump over gruesome joke, Griffin says she’s standing up for free speech 40,123 reactions4%53%43% TV Presenter Shamed for 'Dressing Like a Stripper' on 'Britain's Got Talent' 4,494 reactions11%66%23% This Is What Happens When You Don't Have Sex for 5 Years 3,152 reactions7%70%23% Just a 100 miles from the White House, Tangier Island is disappearing into the sea 1,328 reactions3%76%21% Friend says teen 'wasn't fully conscious' when she was left in bedroom: Part 2 Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 111 reactions4%79%17% Mom Charged With Murder After Son, 3, Drowns in Pool After Being Left Alone for 14 Hours: Cops 58 reactions8%67%25% Chicago schoolgirl hacked Uber driver to death with machete and knife stolen from Walmart 4,950 reactions4%65%31% Bill Maher Jokes He's A 'House N****r' On 'Real Time' 302 reactions3%69%28% World reaction to Trump’s decision to exit the Paris climate accord 194 reactions6%65%29% Teen's allegation of rape against football star divides Alabama town: Part 4 Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 84 reactions9%66%25%
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Stocks close at all-time highs as Street shrugs off jobs report The U.S. economy added 138,000 jobs last month, the Labo Department said, missing a consensus estimate of 185,000. But the Dow, S&P and Nasdaq all managed record highs on an intraday and closing basis. Fred Imbert | @foimbert 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks hit all-time highs today    10 Hours Ago | 00:35 U.S. equities rose to record levels on Friday as Wall Street shrugged off a jobs report that came in well below expectations. The Dow Jones industrial average closed about 60 points higher and reached its first intraday record since March 1 as well as its second straight record close. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq composite also managed intraday and closing records. "This was the closest thing to a nonresponse you're going to see," said Michael Shaoul, chairman and CEO of Marketfield Asset Management, referring to the market's reaction to the jobs report. "This isn't a report that warrants a strong response in financial markets and I don't think you're going to get one." Marc Chaikin, CEO of Chaikin Analytics, said a pop in small-cap stocks helped the large-cap indexes rise on Friday. Small caps "have caught up in a big way and they're on their way to all-time highs," he said. The Russell 2000, which tracks small cap stocks, rose 0.67 percent and was less than 2 percent away from a record high. The Labor Department said 138,000 jobs were created last month, well below the expected 185,000. Wages also grew less than expected, with average hourly earnings rising at a 2.5 percent annualized rate. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.3 percent from 4.4 percent. "There are some sectors in the jobs market that are seeing strong wage growth and others that aren't," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor. "I think that's reflective of the tightness seen in some sectors." Chamberlain also noted the U.S. economy has added jobs for 80 straight months now, the longest positive streak dating back to the 1930s. Brendan McDermid | Reuters Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks futures gave back some gains after the data were released. Dow futures traded 41 points higher, while S&P and Nasdaq futures gained 3 points and 14.5 points, respectively. Heading into the 8:30 a.m. ET release, Dow futures were trading nearly 70 points higher, while S&P and Nasdaq had risen 4.75 points and 17.75 points, respectively. "It's hard to ignore the the U.S. economy added fewer jobs than expected and, more importantly, the number came in below the 12-month average of 181,000," said Sharon Stark, managing director of fixed income strategies at Incapital. Investors eagerly awaited the report as it is one of the last major data sets released before the Federal Reserve holds its June monetary policy meeting. Market expectations for a rate hike were near 94 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The fall in job growth numbers may make some query the likelihood of a rate rise next month, however, one slightly disappointing month does not constitute a wholesale change in fortunes," said Kully Samra, UK managing director at Charles Schwab, in a note. "This is not so much a downward trend away from the strong jobs market but merely a temporary blip on the radar," Samra said. The Dow, S&P and Nasdaq posted solid strong weekly gains helped by high-yielding sectors, including telecommunications and utilities, which rose 2.33 percent and 1.67 percent, respectively. Dow, S&P and Nasdaq this week Source: FactSet Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average rose 62.11 points, or 0.29 percent, to close at 21,206.29, with Microsoft leading advancers and Exxon Mobil lagging. The S&P 500 gained 9.01 points, or 0.37 percent, to end at 2,439.07, with information technology leading eight sectors higher and energy the biggest decliner. The Nasdaq advanced 58.97 points, or 0.94 percent, to close at 6,305.80. About four stocks advanced for every three decliners at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 866.21 million and a composite volume of 3.44 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 9.8. Correction: Marc Chaikin is CEO of Chaikin Analytics. An earlier version misspelled his name. Fred ImbertMarkets Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change VIX --- NASDAQ --- S&P 500 --- DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Saturday 03 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Harris to supply Boeing with launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 2, 2017 Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE: BA) with sonobuoy launching technology for the US Navy´s P-8A anti-submarine aircraft, the company said. The contracts were awarded during the third quarter of Harris´ fiscal 2017. Harris will provide single-shot and rotary launchers capable of rapidly deploying up to ten sonobuoys. The lightweight, pneumatic launchers will enable 49 P-8As for US, Australian and United Kingdom aircraft to safely and effectively deploy sonobuoys, which are essential to conducting underwater acoustic surveillance. Harris is a technology innovator, solving customers´ toughest mission-critical challenges by providing solutions that connect, inform and protect. Harris supports government and commercial customers in more than 100 countries and has approximately USD 6 billion in annual revenue. The company is organized into three business segments: Communication Systems, Space and Intelligence Systems and Electronic Systems. Related posts Airborne Wireless Network performs proof of concept flight test June 2, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) has completed its proof of concept flight tests in... United Airlines plans nonstop service between LA, Singapore June 2, 2017 United Airlines (NYSE: UAL) will introduce daily nonstop flights between its Los Angeles International Airport... Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight June 2, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI), a provider of precision tracking-based communications solutions and airborne... Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder June 2, 2017 Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) has priced an underwritten secondary offering by one... Textron elects new board of directors member June 2, 2017 Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) has elected Deborah Lee James to the company´s board of directors,... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-“Global Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast To 2022”. PUNE, INDIA, June 2, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Cyber Weapon market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation Cisco Systems McAfee General Dynamics Corporation BAE Systems plc Symantec Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation BAE System plc Avast Software AVG Technologies Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons Defensive Weapons On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System Air Traffic Control Hospital Automated Transportation System Industrial Control System Communication network Smart power grid Others Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cyber Weapon 1.2 Cyber Weapon Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Cyber Weapon Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Cyber Weapon Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Offensive Weapons 1.2.4 Defensive Weapons 1.3 Global Cyber Weapon Segment by Application 1.3.1 Cyber Weapon Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 National Defense System 1.3.3 Air Traffic Control 1.3.4 Hospital 1.3.5 Automated Transportation System 1.3.6 Industrial Control System 1.3.7 Communication network 1.3.8 Smart power grid 1.3.9 Others 1.4 Global Cyber Weapon Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Cyber Weapon Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Cyber Weapon (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ………… 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 McAfee 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B ..…..Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1326590 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Odfjell SE – Tilbakekjøp av obligasjoner Next PostNext Marble Tile -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Saturday 03 Jun 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment EVA adds Hello Kitty Shining Star service to Chicago route By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · June 2, 2017 EVA Air is using its Hello Kitty-painted plane to add three weekly Chicago flights to the four it already operates with Boeing 777-300ERs in standard livery, increasing Chicago service to daily through the busy summer travel season, the company said. Travelers can learn more about the unique Hello Kitty and Sanrio Family Jets at http: //www.evakitty.com/en/index.html and book and buy tickets through travel agents, EVA ticket offices or www.evaair.com. EVA and Sanrio created the Hello Kitty Shining Star Jet with a cast of colorful characters painted the length of the plane, starting at the nose with Little Twin Stars Kiki and Lala flying through clouds with their teddy bear while, behind the wing, Hello Kitty and My Melody comfortably sail along on stars. EVA currently flies six specially painted aircraft on routes within Asia and long-haul to Paris and, now, Chicago. Its other Hello Kitty planes are the Hand-in-Hand, Joyful Dream and Celebration Flight Jets. Its Sanrio-family aircraft are the gudetama Comfort Flight and Bad Badtz-Maru Travel Fun planes. EVA is unveiling Friendship Bows in June, the last in its current series of new and refreshed specially painted liveries. EVA Air, a Star Alliance member, is one of nine 5-Star Airlines worldwide. It flies a fleet of over 70 Boeing and Airbus aircraft to more than 60 international destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, Europe and North America where gateways are Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto and Vancouver. Related posts Airborne Wireless Network performs proof of concept flight test June 2, 2017 Airborne Wireless Network (OTC QB: ABWN) has completed its proof of concept flight tests in... United Airlines plans nonstop service between LA, Singapore June 2, 2017 United Airlines (NYSE: UAL) will introduce daily nonstop flights between its Los Angeles International Airport... Orbit tracks Irkut on MC-21 maiden flight June 2, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI), a provider of precision tracking-based communications solutions and airborne... Harris to supply Boeing with launchers for Maritime Patrol Aircraft June 2, 2017 Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) has been awarded contracts to provide Boeing (NYSE: BA) with sonobuoy... Air Transport Services Group prices secondary public offering by stockholder June 2, 2017 Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) has priced an underwritten secondary offering by one... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « ASM introduces North American Division Acasta acquires ECN Capital's commercial aviation business » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections 77° Low: 73° High: 81° Sat Thunderstorms 73° 81° Sun Thunderstorms 74° 84° Mon Thunderstorms 73° 80° See Complete Forecast Severe Weather Alert 77° Replay: Friday Night Football Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump Posted: 7:41 a.m., June 2, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print × Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump LONDON — Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for Corporate America: Help President Trump. “Help us restore normal political dialogue,” Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. “I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration,” he said. Putin’s audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris and Honeywell. NYT: Trump brags to Russians about firing ‘nut job’ Comey Relations between Russia and the U.S. have been in sharp decline since 2014, when Western powers reacted to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea by slapping sanctions on the country. Allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in 2016 have further strained the relationship. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller is now leading an investigation into Moscow’s actions, including potential collusion between President Trump’s campaign associates and Russian officials. Putin lamented the lost economic opportunities on Friday, saying that trade between the U.S. and Russia has dramatically declined. Trade in goods between the two countries fell by over 40% between 2014 and 2016. Advertisement “If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that … it harms everyone,” he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. “We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation,” he said. “We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure.” Advertisement Putin’s comments come one day after he suggested that “patriotic hackers” may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It’s the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Putin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. “We don’t know each other, we’ve never met,” Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. “He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can’t really classify him as a traditional politician,” Putin said of Trump. “This is a person with a fresh view of things.” 51.507351 -0.127758 Related Stories Defiant Trump says he had ‘absolute right’ to share information with Russia Washington Post: Trump shared classified info to Russians Authors: WGNO Web Desk Filed in: National/World News Topics: American President, comrade, Corporate America, covfefe, message, Russian President, trump, Vladimir Putin 367 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More in National/World News 37 bodies found in Resorts World Manila, Philippines official says More from WGNO Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should 'help' President - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should 'help' President Trump Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 8:52 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 9:53 AM EDT Russian President Vladimir Putin arrives in Israel and welcomed by Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman at Ben Gurion airport on Monday, June 25, 2012. Israel's President Shimon Peres hosts Russia's Vladimir Putin Israeli President Shimon Peres hosts Russia's Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at a press conference during the G20 summit meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia on Friday, September 6, 2013. Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at a press conference during the G20 summit meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia on Friday, September 6, 2013. By Alanna Petroff LONDON (CNNMoney) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for Corporate America: Help President Trump. "Help us restore normal political dialogue," Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. "I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration," he said. Putin's audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris and Honeywell. Relations between Russia and the U.S. have been in sharp decline since 2014, when Western powers reacted to Moscow's annexation of Crimea by slapping sanctions on the country. Allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in 2016 have further strained the relationship. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller is now leading an investigation into Moscow's actions, including potential collusion between President Trump's campaign associates and Russian officials. Putin lamented the lost economic opportunities on Friday, saying that trade between the U.S. and Russia has dramatically declined. Trade in goods between the two countries fell by over 40% between 2014 and 2016. "If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that ... it harms everyone," he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. "We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation," he said. "We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure." Putin's comments come one day after he suggested that "patriotic hackers" may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It's the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Putin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. "We don't know each other, we've never met," Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. "He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can't really classify him as a traditional politician," Putin said of Trump. "This is a person with a fresh view of things." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Saturday, June 3, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 66°F Clear Saturday, June 3, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Podcasts Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary Blogs All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft makes its debut share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Google's Chrome to block some ads starting next year Trade deficit rises to highest level since January Employers add 138,000 jobs; jobless rate dips to 4.3% × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft makes its debut Fri, 06/02/2017 - 7:00am | The Associated Press Photo by: Stratolaunch Systems Corp./AP The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time Wednesday in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: Gigantic The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet, longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot wingspan and is just under 219 feet long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet. Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds empty, can carry 250,000 pounds of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Va. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites that can be affected by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. What's next Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms operate. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (2):People, Transportation More Business Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Google's Chrome to block some ads starting next year Trade deficit rises to highest level since January Employers add 138,000 jobs; jobless rate dips to 4.3% More Business Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Google's Chrome to block some ads starting next year Trade deficit rises to highest level since January Employers add 138,000 jobs; jobless rate dips to 4.3% Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Rail work to close part of Bowman Avenue in Danville Illinois first lady to kick off Executive Mansion overhaul Google's Chrome to block some ads starting next year Friday on the Farm, June 2, 2017 Defense chief seeks continuity in policy toward Asia Galesburg man gets 40 years in killing, home invasion Employers add 138,000 jobs; jobless rate dips to 4.3% Confident 12-year-old wins spelling bee Several demonstrators killed in Kabul protest Trade deficit rises to highest level since January More Local News Most Viewed News 2 men injured in 2011 shooting at Market Place Mall Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Two injured in two-vehicle crash west of Rantoul Cvijanovic: UI paid me $250,000 for football injuries, medical expenses Most Commented News The greatest divide? Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 UPDATE: Police looking into Memorial Day shooting at Market Place Ammons says she won't vote for state budget House rule: 'Continuous session' Trending Now Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Illini Inn building set to come down over summer UPDATE: Teen admits to vandalizing Rantoul football field UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Virginia Theatre's 2017-18 lineup Arrested: Teen tied to Danville stabbing SJ-O teams sent off in style Asmussen: Mistake costly for dismissed Illini Illini in top 5 for 2018 guard Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Marcus Jackson/About Town: Sports anchor is orange and blue all way through Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump Vladimir Putin to Corporate America: You should ‘help’ President Trump Posted on Friday, June 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for Corporate America: Help President Trump. “Help us restore normal political dialogue,” Putin told executives from major U.S. companies during a business roundtable at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday. “I ask you on behalf of Russia, and I appeal to the American side: Help the newly elected president, the head of the United States administration,” he said. Putin’s audience included senior executives from Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Philip Morris and Honeywell. Relations between Russia and the U.S. have been in sharp decline since 2014, when Western powers reacted to Moscow’s annexation of Crimea by slapping sanctions on the country. Allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in 2016 have further strained the relationship. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller is now leading an investigation into Moscow’s actions, including potential collusion between President Trump’s campaign associates and Russian officials. Putin lamented the lost economic opportunities on Friday, saying that trade between the U.S. and Russia has dramatically declined. Trade in goods between the two countries fell by over 40% between 2014 and 2016. “If you look at lost opportunities and lost profits, analyze that, you see that … it harms everyone,” he said, according to an account of the meeting published by Russian state media. The Russian leader said he was ready for improved relations. “We are ready to support bilateral business projects, that include equal, constructive partnership and cooperation,” he said. “We are interested in developing technology, attracting foreign firms to help develop our industries and infrastructure.” Putin’s comments come one day after he suggested that “patriotic hackers” may have meddled in the U.S. election, but insisted that none of their potential activities were state-backed. It’s the first time he has conceded that the election attacks may have emanated from Russia. Putin has also used the St. Petersburg summit to elaborate on his relationship with Trump. “We don’t know each other, we’ve never met,” Putin said on Thursday, before offering an assessment of the U.S. leader. “He is a straight-forward, sincere man. You can’t really classify him as a traditional politician,” Putin said of Trump. “This is a person with a fresh view of things.” — Emma Burrows and Tim Lister contributed reporting. Saudi Arabia vs. Russia: The fight to become China's top oil supplier U.S. unemployment hits lowest level since 2001 Related Posts Railroads rally on Trump — except one with Mexico ties CEO exits after mutual fund implodes Gold was supposed to soar if Trump won. It didn’t Adele’s ’25’ breaks single week sales record Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net eSports Pro MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Broadband ViaSat 2 Launches with Big Broadband Potential By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 02, 2017 News Pew: Top Cable News Networks See 55% Audience Boost By John Eggerton Jun 01, 2017 Content Fox Networks Group Bringing Showtime to Markets in Southeast Asia By Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable Jun 01, 2017 Advertising Despite Cord-Cutting, Time-Shifting, TV Ads Still Yield Best ROI: Report By Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable Jun 01, 2017 A+E Networks Acquires NBCU's Stake in German Joint Venture By Jon Lafayette, Broadcasting & Cable Jun 01, 2017 Plex Flexes Live TV Muscles By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community As I Was Saying Pai Pushes FCC Agenda at FSF Telecom Policy Conference By Gary Arlen As I Was Saying Digital Delivery Rearranges Retail Reality By Gary Arlen The Bauminator TiVo May Soon Get Its Voice By Jeff Baumgartner On The Money Altice: One Brand, One Lineup? By Mike Farrell Dish Checks in With Android TV-Powered ‘Evolve’ Device By Jeff Baumgartner Riding a Wave of OTT Options By Mike Farrell Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week VIDWeek Jun 12, 2017 The Programmatic Summit Jun 12, 2017 Next TV Summit Spring Jun 15, 2017 Next Wave Of Leaders Jun 16, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Apr 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 Apr 13, 2017 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband ViaSat 2 Launches with Big Broadband Potential By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 02, 2017 Next TV Plex Flexes Live TV Muscles By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 OTT Pluto TV Lands Indie Films, Documentaries via Gravitas Ventures Deal By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 OTT Sling TV Gets a Grid Guide By Jeff Baumgartner Jun 01, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Jun 02 2017 Broadband ViaSat 2 Launches with Big Broadband Potential Speeds of 100 Mbps-plus could be beamed to the home via new satellite, CEO says 6/02/2017 6:04 AM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator The Ariane 5 launches with the ViaSat 2 and Eutelsat 172B satellites aboard. Image source: Arianespace Kourou, French Guiana – With a bright flash and a deep rumble, the future of satellite-delivered broadband services was lofted into orbit Thursday night. Eyeing the kind of speeds typically delivered by wired broadband services, ViaSat 2, ViaSat’s new high-powered satellite is designed to deliver 100 megabits per second, and possibly more, to individual subscribers. ViaSat 2, built by Boeing Commercial Satellite Systems and launched into successful orbit here aboard Arianespace's Ariane 5 heavy-lift launch vehicle, will provide 300 Gigabits per second of total throughput. ViaSat 2 is expected to enter into service in early 2018. “We’re still working on our plans, but we likely will have service plans that are up to 100 Mbps, and we may have some that are as high as 200 Mbps,” Mark Dankberg, chairman and CEO of ViaSat, said here in an interview just hours before Thursday’s launch. “The satellite’s capable of that. The real issue is how do we price those plans and how many subscribers we can put on them?” Though a 100-meg satellite-delivered broadband service is achievable, Dankberg believes that most of the company’s subscribers will be on tiers delivering less than that. But the launch of ViaSat 2 will give the company, which has about 659,000 satellite broadband subscribers, the ability to far exceed what it’s delivering in the U.S. today using a legacy satellite fleet that includes ViaSat 1 and those coming way of its 2009 acquisition of WildBlue Communications. RELATED: ViaSat To Acquire WildBlue For $568 Million Today, its top-end service, under the “Exede” brand, pumps out up to 25 Mbps in the downstream direction, and implements a broadband-usage policy to keep bandwidth usage in check. RELATED: ViaSat Rolls 25-Meg Satellite Broadband With the new satellite and its new bandwidth capabilities, Dankberg believes ViaSat will also have an opportunity to support and implement new, unlimited data policies. The ability to deliver faster speeds will give ViaSat a way to compete more directly with cable operators, telcos and other wired-based ISPs. But that won’t be the primary focus. “Our mission is to be a really good choice for the underserved – not necessarily for people who already have access to fiber-to-the-home or the most modern cable [high-speed Internet] service,” Dankberg said. “But the qualification I’m going to make to that is, we want to give that same experience to people who otherwise can’t get it.” ViaSat 2 will help to turn ViaSat into a bigger, regional provider of services that will also span government and enterprise customers while also enhancing its ability to deliver high-quality in-flight connectivity as well as broadband service to cruise ships. In addition to delivering gobs of bandwidth, ViaSat 2, at an orbital location of 22,236 miles above the earth’s equator (at 69.9 degrees west longitude), will enable ViaSat to expand coverage in North America, Central America, the Caribbean and a portion of northern South America. Key transportation routes between North America and Europe also are expected to benefit. And there's a lot more to come. “ViaSat has ambitions to be a global broadband services company,” Dankberg said. “This ViaSat 2 launch is a big step along the way for us towards that path.”  ViaSat’s grander global coverage plan will be coming way of its set of ViaSat 3 satellites. The first, which will expand and enhance ViaSat’s coverage in the Americas, is planned to launch in 2019, followed in 2020 by a satellite that will cover the Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region. ViaSat hasn’t announced when it expects to launch its third ViaSat 3 satellite, but it's slated to provide coverage in the Asia Pacific. Among other stats, ViaSat 2 packs 1.2 kilometers of coaxial cable, 37 kilometers of electrical wire, and more than 300 electronic boxes. At a wingspan of 46 meters, it’s about half the length of a rugby pitch, and a weight of 6,400 kilograms at launch, giving it the heft of about four mid-sized sedans, according to Mark Spiwak, president of Boeing Satellite Systems International.  “This is the largest commercial satellite that we've ever built,” Spiwak said. “This was a big one for us all,” he added following last night’s successful launch, while also extending his congratulations to ViaSat 2’s co-passenger aboard the Ariane 5, the Airbus-built Eutelsat 172B, an all-electric telecommunications satellite that will beef up capacity that includes in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, and service for video and government agencies in the Asia Pacific, from Alaska to Australia.  “You'll have to forgive me for having a big grin on my face after watching that spectacular launch,” Dankberg said. According to Spaceflight Now, the pairing of those satellites, valued at about $800 million, represented the heaviest and costliest commercial payload ever launched. Arianespace has posted a video of last night’s launch and details about the tricky maneuvers that followed:     More detail about the launch will be featured in the June 5 edition of Multichannel News. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! Tags:   ViaSat,   Arianespace,   Boeing,   satellite broadband,   broadband Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: The Production Music Association to Celebrate its 20th Anniversary During the 2017 Production Music Conference: SCTE•ISBE LAUNCHES ‘DOCSIS® 3.1 INSTALLATION’ COURSE TO ACCELERATE ROLLOUT OF NEW CABLE TELECOM TECHNOLOGY SCTE•ISBE LAUNCHES ‘DOCSIS® 3.1 INSTALLATION’ COURSE TO ACCELERATE ROLLOUT OF NEW CABLE TELECOM TECHNOLOGY Calix Announces Appointment of Interim Chief Financial Officer Hammes & Bühler Postproduction Builds Streamlined Collaborative Workflows with Facilis TerraBlock at their Heart VITEC's EZ TV IPTV and Digital Signage Platform Is a Grand Slam at Kauffman Stadium Major League Soccer’s D.C. United Ups Its Facebook Live Game with Wirecast QVC2™ Offers More Live Shows, Wider Array of Products, New Special Deals Masstech Merges with SGL to Form Media Management Powerhouse TCM Announces Summer Programming Line-Up Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → Senate Dems Seek FBI Probe of FCC DDoS Attack Former Cox Exec Joe Rooney Joins Layer3 TV TiVo Shares Soar on Prelim ITC Ruling Against Comcast DirecTV Now Reaches Roku Comcast Lights Up DOCSIS 3.1 in More Markets Related Stories U.S. Cracks Global Top 10 in Average Internet Speeds: Akamai Jeff Baumgartner - 5/31/2017 06:09:00 AM America/New_York The U.S. broke into the global top ten with respect Muni Broadband Study: Half of Networks Are in the Red John Eggerton - 5/24/2017 02:55:00 PM America/New_York A new study of municipal fiber networks indicates many Montieth Named Chief of Wireline Bureau John Eggerton - 5/23/2017 10:41:00 AM America/New_York FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has removed "acting" from the Subscribe Now Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017 Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017 Freeze Frame | April 10, 2017 2017 T. Howard Fundraising Dinner Advanced Advertising Summit 2017 Freeze Frame -- April 3, 2017 Freeze Frame -- March 27, 2017 See All → Iger Resigns From Trump Advisory Board Federal Court Stays FCC UHF Discount Decision, for Now VIDWeek: ZoneTV Joins Next TV Summit as a Sponsor Syfy’s ‘Sharknado 5: Global Swarming’ Set for Aug. 6 Debut FCC's Pai Proposes Granting OneWeb Broadband Service Access Bumpers Adds Remote Recording Feature Japan, China Plan Commercial 5G Networks by 2020 multiCAM Adds U.S. Office Important Reminder: AMC-8 Is Going Dark Will eMBMS Have Any Impact in the US or Australia? Guinness Immersive Project Lets UK Shoppers Grab a Virtual Pint Canon Launches New Cinema EOS Camera (and New RAW Format) 'Expedition Mungo' Explores Myths and Mysteries Cocktail Hour Goes Crazy in 'Coeur Croisé' Precise, Perfect Images Define Netflix's 'House of Cards' Common File Specifications—Now It’s North America’s Turn Intel, MLB Close Three-Year Deal for VR Experiences NAB Show Product Review: Editing DPA Microphones Issue Limited Edition 25th Anniversary Kit New Digital Alerting System Now Active on Ohio Public TV Stations News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz F-35 Replacement Could Attack with Hypersonic Weapons and Lasers Kris Osborn June 2, 2017 TweetShareShare The Air Force has begun experimenting and conceptual planning for a 6th generation fighter aircraft to emerge in coming years as a technological step beyond the F-35, service leaders said. "We have started experimentation, developmental planning and technology investment," said Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Acquisition. The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. While Bunch did not elaborate on the specifics of ongoing early efforts, he did make reference to the Air Superiority 2030 Flight Plan which delineates some key elements of the service's strategy for a future platform. Fighter  jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technoology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself. Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News. The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said. The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier. Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.” Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology. Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs. Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature. Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn Britain Must Ramp Up Its Fight Against Islamic Extremists Britain's aim must not just be to foil plots, but to reduce the number of plots being formed in the first place. Tom Wilson Is America Fueling an Arab-Israeli Arms Race? Israel’s qualitative military edge is already eroding. Shimon Arad Can Trump Come Up with a Comprehensive Strategy to Save Afghanistan? The last thing Trump should do is further escalate the level of violence in Afghanistan and fall into a long-term occupation of the country. Arif Rafiq Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- Canada- June 2 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 6:19am EDT PRESS DIGEST- Canada- June 2 June 2 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. THE GLOBE AND MAIL ** The American lumber lobby at the heart of the softwood trade dispute is attacking Ottawa's new C$867 million ($641 million) aid package for the Canadian forestry industry as another "government subsidy," raising the possibility that Washington could impose further punitive duties on producers from Canada. tgam.ca/2qIZpJt ** The Trudeau government has suspended negotiations with Boeing Co to purchase fighter planes as it continues to play hardball with the Chicago company over a U.S. trade complaint the firm lodged against Montreal aircraft maker Bombardier Inc. tgam.ca/2qJ5DJ6 ** Workers at two Stelco Inc mills will vote on Friday and on Tuesday on new labor agreements with the steel maker, the last big hurdle left for the company to jump before it emerges from creditor protection. tgam.ca/2sliZIC NATIONAL POST ** All telephone and wireless providers must update their networks to offer next-generation 911 services by the end of 2020 in regions with already established public safety answering points, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission mandated in a decision released Thursday. bit.ly/2swg9A2 ** It may not come as a shock to many Canadians, but a new survey by Kiwi.com ,an online travel agency, has found that flights out of Canada are among the most expensive in the world. bit.ly/2su9oPc ($1 = C$1.35) (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News DIARY-Emerging Markets Economic Events to Aug 15 ----------------------------------------------------------- This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events. ----------------------------------------------------------- DIARY-Top Economic Events to Aug 10 Political and general news ----------------------------------------------------------- This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events ----------------------------------------------------------- RPT-Laptop ban, protectionism hang over booming air travel industry CANCUN, Mexico, June 2 Air travel is heading for a bumper year, but global airline leaders meeting in Mexico are concerned about the impact of an escalating row over laptop bans and rising protectionism. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Innovation Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things you need to know. By Associated Press June 2, 2017 10:20 BST Statolaunch, the world's largest plane, rolled out of its hangar for the first time on 31 May 2017.Stratolaunch Systems Corp. Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: Stratolaunch facts: Size The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totalling 385 feet (117 metres), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-metre) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 metres) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 metres). It's wingspan totals 385 feet (117 meters) - longer than any other aircraft in history.Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch facts: Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. Stratolaunch facts: Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the centre of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. The Stratolaunch will be used to carry rockets into the stratosphere.Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch facts: History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. The plane is so big that it has two cockpits.Stratolaunch Systems Stratolaunch facts: What's next? The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. More from IBTimes UK Technology Monsters of the sky: The top 10 biggest aircraft ever built This hidden Apple trick could be the best iPhone hack ever Hyperloop test facility unveiled for futuristic high-speed transportation in Netherlands Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Need For Speed Payback reveal trailer (PS4, Xbox One, PC) Columnists Alastair Campbell “If May teamed up with Macron and Merkel, the three Ms could take on Donald Trump READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... Inside the mind of a hacker: Culprit behind leak of 25,000 plastic surgery photos opens up Hacker claims: 'We just want to live a better life, hacking is just... Silicon Valley startup sells 'life preserving' teenager blood to the old for $8,000 a bag Ambrosia offering controversial transfusions that claim to reduce... These are the top five retro gadgets you want to see revived Nintendo Game Boy, Sony Discman and Motorola Razr rank among the... Can you hack Android? Google will pay you $200,000 if you can find a way Bug bounty quadrupled but in the last two years no researcher had... Need For Speed Payback wants players to bet against The House this November Three lead characters take on a cartel in a fictional city based on... Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 builds: Here's what Insiders should do The company said it would not be releasing any new builds this week. Using Android? These are the most secure phones according to Google Google published a list of devices that are up to date with its... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Samsung Galaxy Book: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Best Fidget Spinner Has An Animated Cat Inside Mobile Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Let's Take This iPhone Case All The Way To The US Supreme Court $70 Billion Has Been Earned On The App Store Since Launch The BlackBerry KeyOne Will Hit Australia Next Month Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online Behind The Scenes At Russia's State Propaganda Machine Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Wollongong Is Getting 1Gbps Internet Plans For $130 A Month Tesla Fires Female Engineer Who Alleged Sexual Harassment And Wage Discrimination Science & Health Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless Dozens Of Cities And States Are Initiating Rogue One, Planning To Independently Rejoin The Paris Agreement  The Paris Agreement Is Not An Anti-American Conspiracy Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box Entertainment Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel There's Some Confusion As To When A Wonder Woman Sequel Would Be Set Beauty And The Beast Deleted Scene Reveals One Very Unlucky Servant Got Turned Into A Toilet The Flash Might Have Found Its Next Big Bad Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Paris Agreement Is Not An Anti-American Conspiracy B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Your Winter Of Reading Begins With This Epic List Of June's New Sci-Fi And Fantasy Books Cheryl Eddy Jun 2, 2017, 7:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  authors books bookshelf injection io9 Share It's June! The days are shorter, the nights are colder, and the amount of new science fiction and fantasy books that will soon be available is truly mind-blowing. Read on to find out about more than 30 great new titles, coming out over the next 30 days! Detail from the cover of The Raven Stratagem by Yoon Ha Lee Beren and Lúthien by J.R.R. Tolkien and Christopher Tolkien Editor Christopher Tolkien draws out a key love story from his father's The Silmarillion, exploring how the tale changed over the years by placing it within different contexts as it evolved. The book features artwork by Alan Lee, who also illustrated The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit and shared a Best Art Direction Oscar for Return of the King. (June 1) Valerian: The Complete Collection, Volume 1 by Pierre Christin (author) and Jean-Claude Mézières (artist) Luc Besson's big-screen adaptation of this much-loved French comic series arrives August 10; get a head start with this first collected volume, which compiles books one and two (The City of Shifting Waters and The Empire of a Thousand Planets), as well as the first-ever English translation of book zero (Bad Dreams). It also contains a new interview with Besson and a sneak peek at his upcoming movie. (June 1) All Good Things by Emma Newman The author (Planetfall, Between Two Thorns) wraps up her Split Worlds urban fantasy saga with this fifth entry in the series. (June 6) Grim Expectations by K.W. Jeter The author, who coined the phrase "steampunk", marks 30 years of the genre with a new George Dower tale, a sequel to Infernal Devices. (June 6) The Kill Society by Richard Kadrey Kadrey's ninth Sandman Slim book sends the supernatural drifter to Tenebrae, the land of the lost dead, where he takes up with a gang of damned souls while dodging a pack of bounty-hunting angels. (June 6) The Refrigerator Monologues by Catherynne M. Valente Female superheroes, and wives and girlfriends of superheroes — forever being kidnapped by villains, or simply being shoved into the background until the plot requires their presence — finally raise their voices in this collection of linked stories. (June 6) The Year's Best Science Fiction and Fantasy 2017 Edition edited by Rich Horton This new collection contains 30 stories curated from publications like Asimov's and Lightspeed, written by acclaimed authors such as Kameron Hurley, Genevieve Valentine and Steven Barnes. (June 6) The Black Elfstone: The Fall of Shannara by Terry Brooks Brooks finishes out his popular Shannara fantasy series after 40 years with this final instalment. In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Brooks described it as "a gift back to the readers for sticking with me for this much time". (June 13) Down Among the Sticks and Bones by Seanan McGuire McGuire's magical Wayward Children series continues with this follow-up to the acclaimed Every Heart a Doorway, though this new entry is described as a standalone story. (June 13) Fata Morgana by Steven R. Boyett and Ken Mitchroney The crew of a Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress faces another kind of dangerous adventure entirely when they're knocked from a World War II battle into a strange and unfamiliar parallel world. (June 13) Midnight at the Electric by Jodi Lynn Anderson This tale explores the strangely interwoven lives and experiences of three women in three very different places and times: Post-World War I England; Dust Bowl-era Oklahoma; and the US Midwest, circa 2065. I'll leave you to guess which era's characters is planning to move to Mars. (June 13) Raven Stratagem by Yoon Ha Lee The author follows up Ninefox Gambit with the further adventures of Captain Kel Cheris, possessed by a centuries-old general who is both brilliant and psychotic, and is wreaking havoc on both the rebellion in their midst and an impending enemy invasion. (June 13) The Rise and Fall of DODO: A Novel by Neal Stephenson and Nicole Galland "DODO" is code for the top-secret "Department of Diachronic Operations", and this thriller involves military intelligence, time travel, linguistics and 19th-century magic, co-written by the acclaimed author of Snow Crash and Cryptonomicon. (June 13) Soleri by Michael Johnson This first book in a brand-new epic fantasy series draws inspiration from both ancient Egyptian history and King Lear. (June 13) The Space Between the Stars by Anne Corlett A space traveller values her solitude above all else until she learns that the overcrowded Earth she left behind has been decimated by a deadly virus. Joining a scrappy group of survivors, she begins the long journey home, not sure what she'll find or who she'll have to become. (June 13) The Asylum of Doctor Caligari by James Morrow In 1914, a young painter scores a job as an art therapist at a European asylum — a plum gig until he realises the asylum's director is into the very, very dark arts. (June 20) A Gathering of Ravens by Scott Oden A mythical monster who is the last of his kind emerges into a changed world hellbent on vengeance, but realises he will have to tread carefully in the battle of old versus new to get what he desires. (June 20) Indigo by Charlaine Harris, Christopher Golden, Kelley Armstrong, Jonathan Maberry, Kat Richardson, Seanan McGuire, Tim Lebbon, Cherie Priest, James Moore and Mark Morris A collaborative work about a woman in New York City who's an investigative reporter by day, and a superpowered vigilante by night. Both parts of her lives have her focusing on a single goal: Nabbing a cult that's been ruthlessly murdering children. But what role does her own mysterious past play in this vigilante saga? (June 20) Kangaroo Too by Curtis C. Chen The author follows up Waypoint Kangaroo with another tale about the secret agent. This time, spacecraft sabotage leads him to the moon, where his search for information is compromised when his partner is arrested and a terror attack wreaks havoc on the moon's booming tourist industry. (June 20) The Management Style of the Supreme Beings by Tom Holt In this comedic fantasy, the Supreme Being and his son decide they're ready to move on — and their successors make all kinds of radical changes, including doing away with the ideas of "good" and "evil". Will an old god (who still very much believes in "naughty" and "nice") come out of retirement to take charge? (June 20) Mapping the Interior by Stephen Graham Jones In this horror novella, a 15-year-old follows what he thinks is the ghost of his father into the mysterious depths of his family home. (June 20) Other Arms Reach Out to Me: Georgia Stories by Michael Bishop This collection of Georgia-set and Georgia-centric tales includes the author's Nebula-nominated novelette, "Rattlesnakes and Men". (June 20) Shattered Minds by Laura Lam In this sequel to False Hearts, erstwhile biohacker Carina has become addicted to a drug that keeps her in a constantly dark, dreamlike state — until she realises she's receiving transmissions sent by an old co-worker who was murdered by her sinister former employer. (June 20) The Strange Case of the Alchemist's Daughter by Theodora Goss Women from horror and sci-fi literary classics — including Mary Jekyll, Justine Frankenstein and Beatrice Rappaccini — come together to solve a murder mystery, while investigating their own murky pasts. Sherlock Holmes also makes a cameo. (June 20) Transformation by James Gunn The veteran author (who is not the same person as the Guardians of the Galaxy director) continues the space opera he began with Transcendental, as its enhanced-human heroes are sent to investigate a mysterious enemy that threatens planets at the edge of their realm. (June 20) The Fatal Gate by Ian Irvine The author follows up The Summon Stone with another epic fantasy tale set in the same universe as his View From the Mirror series. (June 27) Seven Stones to Stand or Fall: A Collection of Outlander Fiction by Diana Gabaldon The popular Starz TV adaptation of Gabaldon's Outlander series isn't returning until spring, so get your fix with this collection of short stories featuring its characters, including a zombie-themed tale and two never-before-published novellas. (June 27) Soul of the World by David Mealing A new fantasy trilogy kicks off with this story of three magical heroes in the making, set against the chaotic backdrop of a city on the brink of revolution. (June 27) Spoonbenders by Daryl Gregory In this comedic novel, a con man and a psychic fall in love and take their act on the road — until a tragedy changes their lives forever. But all is not lost as their son begins to realise he's inherited a very special combination of his parents' talents. (June 27) Twelve Days: A Novel by Steven Barnes A troubled soldier and a struggling family make a strange discovery while attending an unusual martial arts demonstration — and realise they may be uniquely equipped to help prevent the impending apocalypse. (June 27) The Waking Land by Callie Bates In this debut fantasy novel, a young woman is wrongfully accused of killing the king who raised her like a daughter. When she flees to her magical homeland, she begins to discover her own long-hidden powers. (June 27) The Witchwood Crown by Tad Williams The Dragonbone Chair author Williams begins Last King of Osten Ard, a new sequel trilogy, with this tale set 30 years after his earlier novels. Once again, the realm is divided by opposing forces — and an ancient race of elves is plotting to rise up and retake the lands they once ruled. (June 27) The Furthest Station by Ben Aaronovitch Ghost-hunting cop Peter Grant and his motley crew of associates return in this new novella to figure out who or what is haunting the London Underground — and why. (June 30) WATCH MORE: Entertainment News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 02 Jun 2017 8:15 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. The Climate Deniers Have Won Sidney Fussell 02 Jun 2017 6:00 AM At President Trumps' behest, the US is joining Syria and Nicaragua in abdicating from the Paris Agreement, a coalition of 147 nations to combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions. While Trump faced heavy international pressure to remain within the agreement, from the Pope during his trip to the Vatican, China's President Xi and European leaders during the G7 summit, the GOP overwhelmingly opposed Paris from the get-go. EPA head Scott Pruitt has long argued that the United States' emissions reduction goal under Paris weakened the US economy. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 The Climate Deniers Have Won 3 Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better Spidey Battles Scorpion In The First Footage From The New Spider-Man Cartoon Pirates Say Rime's DRM Slows Down The Game, But Denuvo Denies It Valve Announces $US100 Steam Direct Fee For Indie Games One Year Later, Did Nintendo Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Confused About Changes To School Funding? Here's What You Need To Know How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Take an inside look at the US offices of Facebook, Twitter, and 9 more high-profile employers 4 books that show how radically different the planet could look by the end of the century Trump reportedly signals he won't try to block James Comey's testimony Eerie never-before-seen photos from inside one of Chicago's abandoned malls © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Stratolaunch: world's biggest plane unveiled for first time ASSOCIATED PRESS LOS ANGELES Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE A handout photo made available on 01 June 2017 by Stratolaunch Systems Corp. showing the Stratolaunch aircraft rolling out of its hangar for the first time ever in Mojave, California (EPA Photo) Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business The U.S. dollar/Turkish lira (TL) exchange rate dropped to TL 3.5140... Next in Business U.S. billionaire Michael Bloomberg has offered $15 million to UN efforts... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Bulgaria seeks to lobby for faster euro adoption US unemployment rate falls to 4.3 pct in May Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Piles of wood chips sit near the RockTenn paper mill in Tacoma, in this photo from June, 2016. Even as the Trump administration seeks to roll back Obama-era rules to curb greenhouse gas emissions at coal-fired power plants and leave the Paris climate agreement, Washington state is forging ahead with its own rules to cap carbon pollution from big industrial facilities. But the state faces legal challenges as it begins requiring large polluters such as RockTenn. (Ted S. Warren / Associated Press file photo) In Our View Editorial: If Trump won’t, state can keep climate commitments Fri Jun 2nd, 2017 1:30am Opinion You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By The Herald Editorial Board Now that President Trump has pulled the United States from working with 195 other nations as part of the Paris climate agreement — choosing instead to side with Syria and Nicaragua — what’s next, specifically for those of us in Washington state? Besides selling our snow skis and learning to like farm-raised salmon? Joking aside, there’s much for our state and its residents to do. Ironically, a Thurston County Superior Court is hearing arguments today regarding a suit by an industry group and four natural gas utilities, challenging the clean air rule adopted by the state Department of Ecology that and put into effect in January. The state rule is based on a similar commitment in the Paris agreement, in that it seeks a reduction in the amount of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. A 2008 law, signed by then-Gov. Chris Gregoire, set goals of cutting emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 and to reduce emissions 25 percent below 1990 levels by 2035. Unable to get legislation passed that would have established a carbon cap-and-trade program, Gov. Jay Inslee directed the Department of Ecology in 2015 to draft a clean air rule that requires a gradual reduction in carbon from the state’s largest emitters of greenhouse gases. Directly, that’s power plants, oil refineries, natural gas utilities and manufacturers; indirectly, that’s all of us. The rule sets a cap on carbon emissions, requiring industrial producers to reduce emissions by 1.7 percent each year. The cap starts at 100,000 metric tons of carbon a year, and for the first three years will affect the state’s petroleum refineries and natural gas utilities. By 2020, the state’s petroleum importers — and by extension, motorists and other transportation users — will fall under the cap. The cap will be lowered every three years until it reaches 75,000 metric tons by 2035. The cap limit isn’t expected to reach Boeing’s Everett operations, for example, until 2035. Companies can comply with the cap limits by lowering their emissions outright, investing in projects that reduce carbon pollution or buying credits from others in an approved carbon-trading market. But industries and utilities are challenging the rule, claiming the state doesn’t have the authority to make the rule and that the rule isn’t necessary because Washington state is a leader among other states in low emissions. The courts will determine whether the state has the authority or not, but the state’s leadership in emissions — much of it thanks to the availability of hydro-power — doesn’t mean we can’t and shouldn’t do more. Inslee ordered the clean air rule to comply with the limits set by the Legislature in 2008, a commitment also required by court order from a lawsuit filed on behalf of eight children seeking greater action by the state to address climate change. Late in 2016, a study by the Department of Ecology said even deeper cuts to carbon emissions would be necessary between now and 2050 to adhere to the Paris agreement’s goal of limiting average increase of the global temperature to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit). Even if the clean air rule stands, the expected reduction by 2035 — about 16 million metric tons less than the 93 million metric tons recorded in 2013 — would fall far short of the 2008 goal of 66 million metric tons and the 2016 report’s updated goal of 53.2 million metric tons. One of the hurdles to reaching those goals has been the assumption that the economic costs of controlling carbon and other greenhouse gas emissions will be too great, but it ignores the economic advantages that could result. The state’s economic analysis of the clean air rule estimated that the costs to all businesses to comply — which, yes, are passed on to the consumer — could total as much as $6.9 billion over the next 20 years, but would be offset by $9.6 billion in benefits over the same period in improved environmental, health and other effects, the Associated Press reported in December. Others, also, are looking at how our response to climate change can be an economic engine in itself. The Association of Washington Cities and its Center for Quality Communities this year launched its Growing the Green Economy proposal, following work by Everett City Council member Paul Roberts and others, to develop an “eco-nomic” center in the state to foster the development of new technologies and products that address climate change, touching on a range of economic centers found throughout Snohomish County, the Puget Sound region and the state. With President Trump’s announcement, other nations, notably the largest carbon emitters China and India, have recommitted their nations to the Paris pact. Washington and other states can do the same. The reasons to carry on are clear, as stated in the Ecology report from December: “In recent years we have observed devastating wildfires, drought, lack of snowpack and increases in ocean acidification. These events are examples of what our future will look like if we fail to take action. While Washington cannot single-handedly solve climate change, we can do our part, and set an example for other states and jurisdictions.”   Most Read Find bargain artwork at Schack’s annual Artists’ Garage Sale Are you ready to be an art collector? Start small. Get to… Jun 1st, 2017 by Gale Fiege Everett teachers ready to strike if bargaining rights limited EVERETT — Several hundred Everett school teachers made clear Thursday they are… Jun 2nd, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield and Chris Winters Towns work to blaze a water trail along Skykomish River SULTAN — Planners are seeking ideas to liven up downtown Sultan and… Jun 1st, 2017 by Kari Bray County to pay $600K to settle death of mentally ill man at jail EVERETT — Snohomish County has agreed to pay $600,000 to the family… Jun 1st, 2017 by Diana Hefley Hops and Sips Snohomish has developed a major craft beer scene Related: Meet 4 players in burgeoning Snohomish beer scene SNOHOMISH — Bend,… Jun 2nd, 2017 by Aaron Swaney © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Opportunities, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Wiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On-"Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Opportunities, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2022". Pune, India - June 2, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Cyber Weapon Market 2017 Global Cyber Weapon market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boeing Company Lockheed Martin Corporation Cisco Systems McAfee General Dynamics Corporation BAE Systems plc Symantec Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation BAE System plc Avast Software AVG Technologies Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Offensive Weapons Defensive Weapons On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Cyber Weapon for each application, including National Defense System Air Traffic Control Hospital Automated Transportation System Industrial Control System Communication network Smart power grid Others Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1326590-global-cyber-weapon-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Cyber Weapon Market Research Report 2017 1 Cyber Weapon Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cyber Weapon 1.2 Cyber Weapon Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Cyber Weapon Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Cyber Weapon Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Offensive Weapons 1.2.4 Defensive Weapons 1.3 Global Cyber Weapon Segment by Application 1.3.1 Cyber Weapon Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 National Defense System 1.3.3 Air Traffic Control 1.3.4 Hospital 1.3.5 Automated Transportation System 1.3.6 Industrial Control System 1.3.7 Communication network 1.3.8 Smart power grid 1.3.9 Others 1.4 Global Cyber Weapon Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Cyber Weapon Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Cyber Weapon (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Cyber Weapon Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ............ 7 Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Cisco Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 McAfee 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B .......Continued Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1326590 Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/cyber-weapon-market-2017-global-industry-analysis-opportunities-size-trends-growth-and-forecast-2022/204542 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 204542 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Watch: NDTV anchor kicks BJP spokesperson off panel after he accuses channel of ‘an agenda’ Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services Full Text: ‘Superstar culture afflicts the BCCI,’ writes Ram Guha as he resigns from panel When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story 42-year-old Bihar board ‘topper’ Ganesh Kumar arrested for cheating NBC journalist Megyn Kelly gets trolled for asking Narendra Modi if he’s on Twitter Modi brings up vedas when asked about Trump's decision to exit the Paris climate accord ‘Baywatch’ film review: Priyanka Chopra’s Hollywood movie is a Bollywood me-too CID probe found evidence to try Adityanath in Gorakhpur riots (but he did not sanction prosecution) Mrs N Fernandes: The woman whose pickles inspired Salman Rushdie and a legion of British soldiers Caught on camera: A dramatic underground explosion on a city street in Ukraine Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy space exploration A 3D-printed rocket engine just launched a new era of space exploration There are loads of applications for 3D printers in space. by  Candice Majewski, The Conversation Published Jun 01, 2017 · 11:30 pm Handout/Rocket Lab/AFP Jun 01, 2017 · 11:30 pm Candice Majewski, The Conversation Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print The rocket that blasted into space from New Zealand on May 25 was special. Not only was it the first to launch from a private site, it was also the first to be powered by an engine made almost entirely using 3D printing. This might not make it the “first 3D-printed rocket in space” that some headlines described it as, but it does highlight how seriously this manufacturing technique is being taken by the space industry. Members of the team behind the Electron rocket at US company RocketLab say the engine was printed in 24 hours and provides efficiency and performance benefits over other systems. There’s not yet much information out there regarding the exact details of the 3D-printed components. But it’s likely many of them have been designed to minimise weight while maintaining their structural performance, while other components may have been optimised to provide efficient fluid flow. These advantages – reducing weight and the potential for complex new designs – are a large part of why 3D printing is expected to find some of its most significant applications in space exploration, with dramatic effect. One thing the set of technologies known as additive manufacturing or 3D printing does really well is to produce highly complicated shapes. For example, lattice structures produced in exactly the right way so that they weigh less but are just as strong as similar solid components. This creates the opportunity to produce optimised, lightweight parts that were previously impossible to manufacture economically or efficiently with more traditional techniques. Boeing’s microlattice is an example of taking this to the extreme, supposedly producing mechanically sound structures that are 99.9% air. Not all 3D printing processes can achieve this, but even weight savings of a few percent in aircraft and spacecraft can lead to major benefits through the use of less fuel. Play Credit: Boeing/ via YouTube.com 3D printing tends to work best for the production of relatively small, intricate parts rather than large, simple structures, where the higher material and processing costs would outweigh any advantage. For example, a redesigned nozzle can enhance fuel mixing within an engine, leading to better efficiency. Increasing the surface area of a heat shield by using a patterned rather than a flat surface can mean heat is transferred away more efficiently, reducing the chances of overheating. The techniques can also reduce the amount of material wasted in manufacturing, important because space components tend to be made from highly expensive and often rare materials. 3D printing can also produce whole systems in one go rather than from lots of assembled parts. For example, NASA used it to reduce the components in one of its rocket injectors from 115 to just two. Plus, 3D printers can easily make small numbers of a part – as the space industry often needs – without first creating expensive manufacturing tools. In orbit 3D printers are also likely to find a use in space itself, where it’s difficult to keep large numbers of spare parts and hard to send out for replacements when you’re thousands of kilometres from Earth. There’s now a 3D printer on the International Space Station so, if something breaks, engineers can send up a design for a replacement and the astronauts can print it out. The current printer only deals with plastic so it’s more likely to be used for making tools or one-off replacements for low-performance parts such as door handles. But once 3D printers can more easily use other materials, we’re likely to see an increase in their uses. One day, people in space could produce their own food items and even biological materials. Recycling facilities could also enable broken parts to be reused to make the replacements. Astro printing. Photo credit: Barry Wilmore/NASA Looking even further ahead, 3D printers could prove useful in building colonies. Places like the moon don’t have much in the way of traditional building materials, but the European Space Agency has proven solar energy can power the production of “bricks” of lunar dust, which would be a good start. Researchers are now looking at how to use 3D printing to take this idea further and develop complete printed buildings on the moon. To make many of these applications a reality, we’ll need to research more advanced materials and processes that can manufacture components to withstand the extremely harsh conditions of space. Engineers also need to work on developing optimised designs and find ways of testing 3D printed parts to prove they’re safe. And then there’s the irritating issue of gravity, or rather the lack of it. Many current processes use powders or liquids as their raw materials so we’re likely to need some clever tricks in order to make these function safely in a low or microgravity environment. Some of these barriers may even require entirely new materials and techniques. But as research goes on, 3D printing is likely to be used more and more in space, even if a fully printed space vehicle isn’t going to launch any time soon. The sky is no longer the limit. Candice Majewski, Lecturer, Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Sheffield. This article first appeared on The Conversation. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. rocket company space industry New Zealand technology advancement Space station Print Related Hubble Space Telescope’s chief scientist on what it took to get the project off the ground Trending Watch: NDTV anchor kicks BJP spokesperson off panel after he accuses channel of ‘an agenda’ Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services Full Text: ‘Superstar culture afflicts the BCCI,’ writes Ram Guha as he resigns from panel When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Smart Bullets Market 2022 Market Competitive Landscape Analysis ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Smart Bullets Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD) , market share and growth rate of Smart Bullets in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811191/sample Global Smart Bullets market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Lockheed Martin Corporation BAE Systems PLC The Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation Thales Group Harris Corporation Boeing Corporation Taser International, Inc Northrop Grumman Corporation Dassault Aviation Textron Defense Systems Get more information about Smart Bullets Market at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-smart-bullets-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales) , market share and growth rate of Smart Bullets for each application, including Airborne Land Naval Get discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001811191/discount Table of Content 1 Smart Bullets Market Overview 2 Global Smart Bullets Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Smart Bullets Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Smart Bullets Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 6 Global Smart Bullets Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Smart Bullets Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 BAE Systems PLC 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 BAE Systems PLC Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 The Raytheon Company 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 The Raytheon Company Smart Bullets Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Smart Bullets Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Smart Bullets Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001811191/buy/2900 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Login | Contact Login About Us Classifieds Hotels Booking Matrimony Archives Photos Videos Entertainment Featured India NRI Sports World Gulf Overseas Careers Travel & Tourism Overseas Careers Special 3:57 pm » A call to OFWs by Xpress Money to transform the lives of children without mothers this Mother’s Day 4:54 pm » “Bollywood’s Saudi Director, poetess & writer Sameera Aziz Conferred with the title of Princess” 1:44 am » This man teaches Indian expats how to avoid falling into debt 7:55 am » South African cultural Night amazes audience 8:46 pm » Rehabilitating Indian returnees from GCC Donald Trump’s Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States’ carbon reduction Published on Jun 02 2017 - - World - - America’s most successful free-wheeling corporate cowboys, and girls, don’t care much for governments, their laws and their taxes — they invent, invest, manufacture, buy and sell in spite of such meddlesome annoyances. In hubs along the west coast and in many other places besides, American industry is investing like there is no tomorrow in energy-efficient semi-conductors, cleaner power generation, batteries and electric cars. By one industry estimate, there are 2.2 million American jobs tied up in energy efficiency — from replacing clunky old heating and air conditioning through to the 6,000 workers engaged in geo-thermal power discoveries. The same lobby has even broken the jobs down into “red and blue” states to prove the point that clean energy is as big a deal in the combined Trump mid-west heartland — Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee — as it is in California. An estimated $100 billion is being ploughed into the sector via corporate investments, private equity and venture capital. Like all investors, those putting up the money were anxious that Mr Trump keep America in the Paris Climate Agreement. But now he has opted out, it doesn’t necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions. Eleven per cent in eight years … Could US still meet its target? Barack Obama’s national pledge in Paris was to reduce US emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2025, using a 2005 measure as the starting point. Pressure from all sides The messy withdrawal from the Paris agreement is a reflection of the pressure the President’s been under to both stay in, and pull out, of the deal, writes Zoe Daniel. As America was already striving for a 17 per cent target by 2020, the Paris Agreement meant an extra effort of nine to 11 per cent. Analysts have been quick to cast doubt on whether the goal can be reached once the White House has ripped up the discipline imposed by an international agreement. But there is one certainty Mr Trump’s Rose Garden pronouncement does not change: his country is on a course towards carbon reduction that might be slowed, but cannot be stopped. Whether it is Boeing or Chevrolet’s pursuit of cleaner, quieter engines, Carrier’s invention of more efficient air conditioning or the construction of large lithium-ion battery centres springing up throughout California, there is too much at stake for American industry to turn back on securing some of the roughly $US1.4 trillion global spend on clean energy products. Besides, state governments remain active in carbon reduction through emissions trading, incentives to modernise or convert coal-fired power plants, vehicle fuel standards, rooftop solar incentives and energy-efficient building standards. Where do the dollars go? One of Mr Trump’s stated reasons for quitting the Paris Agreement was his objection to the US paying money into the UN’s Green Climate Fund (GCF), an investment bank with deposits from wealthier countries to fund climate mitigation works in poorer nations. The fund’s board is currently chaired by Australia, which has contributed $200 million. “So we’re going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars and we’re already way ahead of anybody else,” Mr Trump said. “Many of the other countries haven’t spent anything. And many of them will never pay one dime.” What is the Paris climate deal? What did countries say they would do under the terms of the Paris climate accord, and how will it be funded? In his Rose Garden speech, Mr Trump highlighted America’s $US20 trillion in debt and referred to UN officials wanting $US100 billion “per year” for the GCF — he also spoke of its executive director aspiring to get funding increases of “$US450 billion per year after 2020”. He may fret about future US financial exposure, but failed to mention there is an effective cap on the initial pledge made by Mr Obama when he sought to build international consensus for the Paris meeting. Of the $US3 billion Mr Obama originally committed, only $US1 billion has so far been paid and half of that was made in a last-minute $US500 million payment slipped out on his third-last day in the Oval Office in January. Even without further US contributions, the GCF is meant to have almost $US200 billion in its account by 2020, due to contributions by other governments and private donations. As yet, there are no indications that any country will be asked to make up what appears to be a $US2 billion hole created by Mr Trump’s decision. Promises, promises… The President has couched his decision as one that “protects the environment, our companies, our citizens and our country”. It certainly fulfils an election promise, but it is not safe to assume that America’s companies or its environment need or want the sort of “protection” the White House is providing. The withdrawal suggests the White House is rigidly intent on fulfilling chief strategist Steve Bannon’s quest to “deconstruct the administrative state” while ignoring the fact the US economy is propelled by an in-built commercial inertia to decarbonise the atmospheric state. In that conflict, the smart money should be on America’s corporate cowboys, its states and its mighty research and development institutions prevailing — that’s what they’re good at Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) Translate News in your own Language » Search for: Recent Posts Trump ditches climate deal: Be happy! Now we can blame US, says Putin North Korea a ‘clear and present danger’ to world, US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says Maharashtra farmers withdraw strike after meeting CM Fadnavis PM Modi’s US visit still on despite Trump rant against India on climate change CC Champions Trophy, India Vs Pakistan: History Gives Virat Kohli’s Men The Edge Recent Comments Categories Entertainment Expat Ride Featured Gulf Hyderabad India NRI Overseas Careers Special Sports Travel & Tourism Uncategorized Women World Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org >> << Entertainment Kapil Sharma apologises to Sunil Grover on Twitter Oscar nomination overwhelming for Dev Patel Dil in mushkil, Karan Johar says alvida to Pakistani actors Gaata Rahe Mera Dil……. Birthday Special – Lata Mangeshkar If banning actors can stop terrorism, government should do it: Varun Navjot Singh Sidhu has already quit The Kapil Sharma Show. Here’s the reason Amitabh Bachchan stays awake till family’s women return home MS Dhoni’ a tale of hard work and success: Sushant Proud of Indian roots, says Miss Japan Sultan’ is the most gripping film of Salman Khan’s career, says father Salim Khan Copyright © 2011 YaHind.Com – NRIs Portal Powered by Yahind Infotech.
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Air Force Has Begun Experimentation, Planning and Investments for a 6th Generation Fighter to Come After the F-35 Scout Warrior Thursday at 9:09 PM / Originally published onWarrior The Pentagon's 6th Generation Fighter may be stealthy and will likely have next-generation computers, electronic warfare technology, speed, weapons and sensors The Air Force has begun experimenting and conceptual planning for a 6th generation fighter aircraft to emerge in coming years as a technological step beyond the F-35, service leaders said.  "We have started experimentation, developmental planning and technology investment," said Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Acquisition.  The new aircraft, engineered to succeed the 5th-generation F-35 Joint StrikeFighter and explode onto the scene by the mid 2030s, is now in the earliest stages of conceptual development with the Air Force and Navy. The two services are now working together on early conceptual discussions about the types of technologies and capabilities the aircraft will contain. While the Air Force has not yet identified a platform for the new aircraft. The Air Force characterizes the effort in terms of a future capability called Next-Gen Air Dominance. While Bunch did not elaborate on the specifics of ongoing early efforts, he did make reference to the Air Superiority 2030 Flight Plan which delineates some key elements of the service's strategy for a future platform.  Fighter  jets in 20-years may likely contain the next-generation of stealth technoology, electronic warfare, sophisticated computer processing and algorithms, increased autonomy, hypersonic weapons and so-called "smart-skins" where sensors are built into the side of the aircraft itself.  Some of these characteristics may have been on display more than a year ago when Northrop Grumman's SuperBowl AD revealed a flashy first look at its rendering of a new 6th-generation fighter jet. Northrop is one of a number of major defense industry manufacturers who will bid for a contract to build the new plane - when the time is right. While there are not many details available on this work, it is safe to assume Northrop is advancing concepts, technology and early design work toward this end. Boeing is also in the early phases of development of a 6th-gen design, according to a report in Defense News.  The Navy's new aircraft will, at least in part, replace the existing inventory of F/A-18 Super Hornets which will start to retire by 2035, Navy officials said.  The Navy vision for a future carrier air wing in 2040 and beyond is comprised of the carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C, and legacy aircraft such as the EA-18G Growler electronic jamming aircraft. Also, around this time is when Navy planners envision its 6th generation aircraft to be ready, an aircraft which will likely be engineered for both manned and unmanned missions. Technologies are rapidly advancing in coatings, electromagnetic spectrum issues, artificial intelligence, maneuvering, superiority in sensing the battlespace, communications and data links, Navy leaders have said. Northrop Grumman   Navy officials also add that the Navy is likely to develop new carrier-launched unmanned air vehicles in coming years as well. For instance, Northrop's historic X-47B demonstrator aircraft was the first unmanned system to successfully launch and land on the deck of an aircraft carrier.  Analysts have speculated that as 6th generation developers seek to engineer a sixth-generation aircraft, they will likely explore a range of next-generation technologies such as maximum sensor connectivity, super cruise ability and an aircraft with electronically configured “smart skins.”  Super cruise technology would enable the new fighter jet to cruise at supersonic speeds without needing afterburner, analysts have explained. As a result, super cruise brings a substantial tactical advantage because it allows for high-speed maneuvering without needing afterburner, therefore enable much longer on-location mission time. Such a scenario provides a time advantage as the aircraft would likely outlast a rival aircraft likely to run out of fuel earlier. The Air Force F-22 has a version of supercruise technology.  Maximum connectivity would mean massively increased communications and sensor technology such as having an ability to achieve real-time connectivity with satellites, other aircraft and anything that could provide relevant battlefield information.The new aircraft might also seek to develop the ability to fire hypersonic weapons, however such a development would hinge upon successful progress with yet-to-be-proven technologies such as scramjets traveling at hypersonic speeds. Some tests of early renderings of this technology have been tested successfully and yet other attempts have failed. The Air Force Chief Scientist, Dr. Geoffrey Zacharias, has told Scout Warrior that the US anticipates having hypersonic weapons by the 2020s, hypersonic drones by the 2030s and recoverable hypersonic drone aircraft by the 2040s. There is little doubt that hypersonic technology, whether it be weaponry or propulsion, or both, will figure prominently into future aircraft designs.  Smart aircraft skins would involve dispersing certain technologies or sensors across the fuselage and further integrating them into the aircraft itself, using next-generation computer algorithms to organize and display information for the pilot. We see some of this already in the F-35; the aircraft sensor fusion uses advanced computer technology to collect, organize and display combat relevant information from a variety of otherwise disparate sensors onto a single screen for pilots. In addition, Northrop's Distributed Aperture System is engineered to provide F-35 pilots with a 360-degree view of the battlespace. Cameras on the DAS are engineered into parts of the F-35 fuselage itself to reduce drag and lower the aircraft's radar signature.  Northrop Grumman Smart skins with distributed electronics means that instead of having systems mounted on the aircraft, you would have apertures integrated on the skin of the aircraft, analysts have said.  This could reduce drag, increase speed and maneuverability while increasing the technological ability of the sensors. It is also possible that the new 6th-generation fighter could use advanced, futuristic stealth technology able to enable newer, more capable air defenses. The air defenses of potential adversaries are increasingly using faster computing processing power and are better networked together, more digital, able to detect a wider range of frequencies and able to detect stealthy aircraft at farther distances.  The new 6th-generation fighter will also likely fire lasers and have the ability to launch offensive electronic attacks. Kris Osborn can be reached at Kris.Osborn@Scout.com. To Ask Military Expert KRIS OSBORN Questions, VISIT THE WARRIOR FORUMS.     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Andrew Vaughn is Pac-12's Top Frosh DE Chatfield Commits To Ohio State 5 Times the A-10 Saved Lives in Combat Flipping Bushes: What's the Best Depth Better Offense: '07 Patriots or '17 Patriots? Share & Embed The Rock stunt double is former UH player Full Story Scout Top Stories Flipping Bushes: What's the Best DepthTommy Biffle shares his number one tip to help you choose the highest percentage stretches of flooded bushes. by Ryan DeChaine Wired2FishThursday at 9:37 PM No. 1 ATH Hufanga Names His Top TenCorvallis (Ore.) Crescent Valley athlete Talanoa Hufanga named his top ten on Thursday night... by Brandon Huffman Scout FootballThursday at 9:09 PM DE Chatfield Commits To Ohio StateOhio State picked up a commitment out of Florida on Thursday night. by Tim Moody Buckeye SportsThursday at 6:17 PM Previewing the 2017 Elite 11 FinalsScout previews the 2017 Elite 11 Finals this weekend at Redondo Union HS in Los Angeles, Calif... by Brandon Huffman Scout FootballThursday at 5:00 PM The Rock stunt double is former UH playerFormer Hawaii Rainbow football player Tanoai Reed explains how he went from Hawaii football player to Hollywood stunt double for Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. He also reflects on his… by Jackson Moore Warrior Sports NetworkThursday at 12:30 PM 2017 Fantasy Football PrimerAre you ready for the 2017 Fantasy Football season? It can't come soon enough, right? This page is a hub where we both want to look forward towards 2017 but also look back at 2016. by SCOUT Fantasy Staff Scout FantasyYesterday at 7:22 PM Better Offense: '07 Patriots or '17 Patriots?The "NFL Total Access" crew debate whether this season's New England Patriots can be as successful as the 2007 Patriots that went 18-1. by Chris Simoneau Patriots InsiderThursday at 8:40 PM Andrew Vaughn is Pac-12's Top FroshCal first baseman Andrew Vaughn earns the Bears' first Pac-12 Freshman of the Year award, while three of his teammates were named All-Pac-12 Honorable Mention. by Ryan Gorcey BearTerritory.netThursday at 1:52 PM No. 8 ATH Is on Board With the Florida GatorsCoach Jim McElwain and the Florida Gators just scooped up a commitment from one of the nation's premier athletes in Amari Burney, a product of Clearwater (Fla.) Calvary Christian. by Corey Bender Scout FootballThursday at 4:44 AM Paddletail Swimbait Tweaks for More BassThese quick tips will help you fish paddletail swimbaits for bass in deep water more effectively and efficiently. by David A. Brown Wired2FishWednesday at 10:17 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Cyber Weapon Market Estimated to grow at a Healthy CAGR by 2022 Latest niche market research report on “2017 Market Research Report on Global Cyber Weapon Industry” available with OrbisResearch.com. In our aim to provide our erudite clients with the best research material with absolute in-depth information of the market, our new report on Global Cyber Weapon Market is confident in meeting their needs and expectations. The 2017 market research report on Global Cyber Weapon Market is an in-depth study and analysis of the market by our industry experts with unparalleled domain knowledge. The report will shed light on many critical points and trends of the industry which are useful for our esteemed clients. The report covers a vast expanse of information including an overview, comprehensive analysis, definitions and classifications, applications, and expert opinions, among others. With the extent of information filled in the report, the presentation and style of the Global Cyber Weapon Market report is a noteworthy. The Global Cyber Weapon Industry report provides key information about the industry, including invaluable facts and figures, expert opinions, and the latest developments across the globe. Not only does the report cover a holistic view of the industry from a global standpoint, but it also covers individual regions and their development. The Global Cyber Weapon Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The key players covered in the report provide a detailed analysis of the competition and their developments in the Global Cyber Weapon Industry. Accurate forecasts and expert opinion from credible sources, and the recent R&D development in the industry is also a mainstay of the Cyber Weapon Market report. The report also focuses on the significance of industry chain analysis and all variables, both upstream and downstream. These include equipment and raw materials, client surveys, marketing channels, and industry trends and proposals. Other significant information covering consumption, key regions and distributors, and raw material suppliers are also a covered in this report. Finally, the Cyber Weapon Market report ends with a detailed SWOT analysis of the market, investment feasibility and returns, and development trends and forecasts. As with every report on Orbis Research, the Cyber Weapon Industry is the holy grail of information which serious knowledge seekers can benefit from. The report which is the result of ultimate dedication of pedigree professionals has a wealth of information which can benefit anyone, irrespective of their commercial or academic interest. Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/306406 . Global Cyber Weapon Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 1 Boeing Company 1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 1.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 1.2.1 Product A 1.2.2 Product B 1.3 Boeing Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 2 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 2.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 2.2.1 Product A 2.2.2 Product B 2.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 3 Cisco Systems 3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 3.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 3.2.1 Product A 3.2.2 Product B 3.3 Cisco Systems Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4 McAfee 4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 4.2.1 Product A 4.2.2 Product B 4.3 McAfee Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5 General Dynamics Corporation 5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 5.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 5.2.1 Product A 5.2.2 Product B 5.3 General Dynamics Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 6 BAE Systems plc 6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 6.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 6.2.1 Product A 6.2.2 Product B 6.3 BAE Systems plc Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7 Symantec Corporation 1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 2.1 Product A 2.2 Product B 3 Symantec Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Northrop Grumman Corporation 8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 8.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 8.2.1 Product A 8.2.2 Product B 8.3 Northrop Grumman Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9 Raytheon Company 9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 9.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.1 Product A 9.2.2 Product B 9.3 Raytheon Company Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 10 General Dynamics Corporation 10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 10.2 Cyber Weapon Product Category, Application and Specification 10.2.1 Product A 10.2.2 Product B 10.3 General Dynamics Corporation Cyber Weapon Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 11 BAE System plc 12 Avast Software 13 AVG Technologies About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Cyber Weapon Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Color Sorter Machinery Market 2017-2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Types & Application Next PostNext Global Architectural Membrane Market Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2022- Market Research Report Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Real Estate 78° Full Menu 78° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Business June 01, 2017 9:07 PM Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time By JOHN ANTCZAK Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LOS ANGELES Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 2 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 14 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 16 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity 92-year-old woman sells oddities from her carnival business Oxford High junior launches company for his drones EXCHANGE: Silver Model T once carried coeds across America EXCHANGE: Medical school faculty starting to come together Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Print Share this story Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Updated 2 June 2017, 14:20 AEST By national affairs correspondent Greg Jennett Now Donald Trump has opted out of the Paris Agreement, it doesn't necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions, writes Greg Jennett. America's most successful free-wheeling corporate cowboys, and girls, don't care much for governments, their laws and their taxes — they invent, invest, manufacture, buy and sell in spite of such meddlesome annoyances. In hubs along the west coast and in many other places besides, American industry is investing like there is no tomorrow in energy-efficient semi-conductors, cleaner power generation, batteries and electric cars. By one industry estimate, there are 2.2 million American jobs tied up in energy efficiency — from replacing clunky old heating and air conditioning through to the 6,000 workers engaged in geo-thermal power discoveries. The same lobby has even broken the jobs down into "red and blue" states to prove the point that clean energy is as big a deal in the combined Trump mid-west heartland — Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee — as it is in California. An estimated $100 billion is being ploughed into the sector via corporate investments, private equity and venture capital. Like all investors, those putting up the money were anxious that Mr Trump keep America in the Paris Climate Agreement. But now he has opted out, it doesn't necessarily follow that the brakes are coming off US carbon emissions. Eleven per cent in eight years … Could US still meet its target? Barack Obama's national pledge in Paris was to reduce US emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2025, using a 2005 measure as the starting point. Pressure from all sides The messy withdrawal from the Paris agreement is a reflection of the pressure the President's been under to both stay in, and pull out, of the deal, writes Zoe Daniel. As America was already striving for a 17 per cent target by 2020, the Paris Agreement meant an extra effort of nine to 11 per cent. Analysts have been quick to cast doubt on whether the goal can be reached once the White House has ripped up the discipline imposed by an international agreement. But there is one certainty Mr Trump's Rose Garden pronouncement does not change: his country is on a course towards carbon reduction that might be slowed, but cannot be stopped. Whether it is Boeing or Chevrolet's pursuit of cleaner, quieter engines, Carrier's invention of more efficient air conditioning or the construction of large lithium-ion battery centres springing up throughout California, there is too much at stake for American industry to turn back on securing some of the roughly $US1.4 trillion global spend on clean energy products. Besides, state governments remain active in carbon reduction through emissions trading, incentives to modernise or convert coal-fired power plants, vehicle fuel standards, rooftop solar incentives and energy-efficient building standards. Where do the dollars go? One of Mr Trump's stated reasons for quitting the Paris Agreement was his objection to the US paying money into the UN's Green Climate Fund (GCF), an investment bank with deposits from wealthier countries to fund climate mitigation works in poorer nations. The fund's board is currently chaired by Australia, which has contributed $200 million. "So we're going to be paying billions and billions and billions of dollars and we're already way ahead of anybody else," Mr Trump said. "Many of the other countries haven't spent anything. And many of them will never pay one dime." What is the Paris climate deal? What did countries say they would do under the terms of the Paris climate accord, and how will it be funded? In his Rose Garden speech, Mr Trump highlighted America's $US20 trillion in debt and referred to UN officials wanting $US100 billion "per year" for the GCF — he also spoke of its executive director aspiring to get funding increases of "$US450 billion per year after 2020". He may fret about future US financial exposure, but failed to mention there is an effective cap on the initial pledge made by Mr Obama when he sought to build international consensus for the Paris meeting. Of the $US3 billion Mr Obama originally committed, only $US1 billion has so far been paid and half of that was made in a last-minute $US500 million payment slipped out on his third-last day in the Oval Office in January. Even without further US contributions, the GCF is meant to have almost $US200 billion in its account by 2020, due to contributions by other governments and private donations. As yet, there are no indications that any country will be asked to make up what appears to be a $US2 billion hole created by Mr Trump's decision. Promises, promises… The President has couched his decision as one that "protects the environment, our companies, our citizens and our country". It certainly fulfils an election promise, but it is not safe to assume that America's companies or its environment need or want the sort of "protection" the White House is providing. The withdrawal suggests the White House is rigidly intent on fulfilling chief strategist Steve Bannon's quest to "deconstruct the administrative state" while ignoring the fact the US economy is propelled by an in-built commercial inertia to decarbonise the atmospheric state. In that conflict, the smart money should be on America's corporate cowboys, its states and its mighty research and development institutions prevailing — that's what they're good at. Topics: Climate Change United States World Politics Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories World pledges to save 'Mother Earth' despite Donald Trump's snub to climate pact Pacific leader likens Donald Trump to a 'classroom bully' after climate deal backdown US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis presses Beijing on North Korea, South China Sea Malcolm Turnbull warns Asian leaders of Chinese aggression, says China should 'curb' North Korea 'Spears to semi-automatics': Papua New Guinea's tribal conflicts become more violent Larsen C: What will happen when the huge Antarctic ice shelf cracks? Ireland's new prime minister: Leo Varadkar set to become republic's first openly gay premier More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ח' סיון תשע"ז   |   Thursday, June 1, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Enormous Stratolaunch Aircraft Rolled Out for First Time Enormous Stratolaunch Aircraft Rolled Out for First Time Thursday, June 1, 2017 at 11:25 pm | ז' סיון תשע"ז The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp./AP) LOS ANGELES (AP) - Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. WHAT’S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Filed under: Space Print Email Gmail Related India Launches More Than 100 Satellites Into Orbit SpaceX Set to Launch Satellites for European Company New Zealand Test Rocket Makes It to Space But Not to Orbit Billionaires Aim for Cheaper Spaceflight Why Paul Allen Is Building the World’s Largest Airplane More in Technology CarFit Events Help Senior Drivers Find the Best Fit Forget Supersonic: Hypersonic is the U.S. Military’s New Speed First Israeli Environmental Research Satellite on Its Way to Launch No Matter How You Slice It, Preparing Vegetables Is Relaxing ‘That’s a Big One’: Father-Son Team Relocates 40,000 Bees Swarming in Virginia Neighborhood OP-ED The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Close Call? The President’s Proposed New Drone Rules ‘What I Am Doing Is Right’: Remembering an American Hero on Memorial Day Seeking Out Tzaddikim Voting-Rights Activists Should Love the Supreme Court’s Ruling Entitled to Survive The Message From Riyadh A Display of Genuine Friendship Mr. Berman’s Bubby The Guardrails Can’t Contain Trump Features Nichum Aveilim 5 Sivan/May 30 This Day In History 5 Sivan/May 30 Science: How We Know That We Know What We Know Shavuos Treats Sudoku – May 30, 2017 Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part II) Social Issues at Camp This Day In History 4 Sivan/May 29 So Many Ways To Spell It Nichum Aveilim 4 Sivan/May 29 Editorial Cartoon – May 29, 2017 Sudoku – May 29, 2017 This Day In History 1 Sivan/May 26 Why Isn’t Simchas Torah on Shavuos? Weather » Brooklyn 71°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,246.83 +48.3135 (+0.7794%) S&P 500 2,430.06 +18.26 (+0.76%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8914 GBP 0.7759 ILS 3.5518 CHF 0.9710 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 77° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest KCC could get university designation Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am New! PUHI — The county is considering creating a university district for Kauai Community College. Comments (0) The price of pets Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am New! PUHI — Poli the dog was lost in Polihale when Diana Saunders and her husband found him two years ago. Comments (0) Recent Gas prices hold steady Prosecutor’s Office forms Drug Nuisance Abatement Unit Bystander rescues swimmer Healing service on Saturday Obituaries for Friday, June 2, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Kauai footballers taking on Europe Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am New! PUHI — A couple of local footballers will test their skills in Europe. Comments (0) Fiji Women’s final moved to Saturday Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am New! FIJI — The Outerknown Fiji Women’s Pro, Stop No. 5 on the 2017 World Surf League Championship Tour, did not run the final Thursday — the last day of the competition window — due to poor conditions. Comments (0) Recent Charity golf tourney June 25 Haena to Hanalei run/walk set Tati in Fiji finals; Hamilton eliminated Sales nervous at opener Mokihana makes splash on Maui Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Prepare now for hurricane season Posted: May 31, 2017 - 12:05 am Thursday is the official start of hurricane season in the central Pacific region, which includes Hawaii. We have just one suggestion: Be ready, because they are coming. The old adage better safe than sorry certainly works here. Comments (1) Births for Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Posted: May 30, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for April 17-26, 2017 Comments (0) Recent Celebrating the Kalapaki and Nawiliwili areas Talk Story with Gilles Larrain Physicist Dr. Edward Teller speaks on Kauai I scream, you scream, your skin screams for sunscreen A mysterious memo, suspicious partners Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am New! KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Kachi kachi the night away Posted: June 02, 2017 - 12:30 am New! LIHUE — Peter Rayno, coach for the Hanamaulu Hillsiders, spent time stringing up colorful seeds to give away, and for prizes Friday at the kachi kachi dance fundraiser for the senior softball team. Comments (0) Recent In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Workday party Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Story Comments Image (4) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) HONS Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time In this May 31, 2017 photo provided by Stratolaunch Systems Corp., the newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time in Mojave, Calif. The aircraft will undergo ground tests in preparation for flights in which the aircraft will launch rockets from high altitude. (Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP) Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:04 pm Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Associated Press | 0 comments LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ GIGANTIC The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380's wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ WEIGHT AND POWER The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ AIR LAUNCH On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ HISTORY Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ WHAT'S NEXT The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move ARTICLE: Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire More about General News Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 More about Science State experiments with court advocates for abused animals State experiments with court advocates for abused animals State experiments with court advocates for abused animals State experiments with court advocates for abused animals ARTICLE: State experiments with court advocates for abused animals Discuss Print   Posted in National on Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:04 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Science, Technology, Space Industry, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Industrial Products And Services, Aeronautics Technology, Aerospace Technology, Industrial Technology, Space Tour Operators, First Time Events, Space Tourism, Leisure Travel, Travel, Lifestyle, Aircraft Manufacturing, Space Launches | Location Tags: California, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories More arrests in Kalalau 8 graduate from Kauai Drug Court Scooby to the rescue Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting Polihale has some pull All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate MORE Search News Local News National News Business Sports Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Chad Finn Eric Wilbur Culture Entertainment Events Food Lifestyle News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate Shortcuts Obituaries Traffic Crosswords Jobs Open Houses Horoscopes Globe Newsletters Classified Ads Trending Red Sox Weather Traffic Love Letters Boston Globe Radio BDC Loveletters Careers Classified Ads Site Help Contact ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Share Tweet 5 things to know about the enormous Stratolaunch aircraft 5 things to know about the enormous Stratolaunch aircraft The newly built Stratolaunch aircraft is moved out of its hangar for the first time, Wednesday in Mojave, California. –Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP By JOHN ANTCZAK AP, June 1, 2017 LOS ANGELES (AP) — Billionaire Paul G. Allen’s Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Here are things to know about the program that has been underway since 2011: ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 1. Gigantic The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous, with a wingspan totaling 385 feet (117 meters), longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field. Its twin fuselages stretch 238 feet. By comparison, the H-4 flying boat — nicknamed Spruce Goose and built by Howard Hughes in the 1940s — has a 320-foot (97.5-meter) wingspan and is just under 219 feet (67 meters) long. Advertisement Among commonly seen aircraft, the double-decker Airbus A380’s wings span 262 feet (nearly 80 meters). ___ 2. Weight and power The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds (226,799 kilograms) empty, can carry 250,000 pounds (113,399 kilograms) of fuel, and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds (589,676 kilograms). It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 3. Air launch On launch missions, Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages. The rockets will be released, ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds (453.6 kilograms) to low Earth orbit. Under a deal announced last year, Stratolaunch will use Pegasus XL winged rockets provided by Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia. According to Stratolaunch, the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather, air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges. ___ 4. History Airborne launches date back decades, most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and ’60s, when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights. In the 1990s, Orbital Sciences Corp. (now Orbital ATK) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit. Advertisement More recently, Paul Allen, the Microsoft co-founder, funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne, the first privately developed manned spacecraft. Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet, SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released. It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004. The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo, the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise. A spinoff, Virgin Orbit, is also developing an air launcher for putting small satellites into space. ___ —Stratolaunch Systems Corp. via AP 5. What’s next The rollout Wednesday at Mojave Air & Space Port in the desert northeast of Los Angeles followed removal of scaffolding used during construction and placement of the aircraft on its 28 wheels for the first time. Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly. The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing. Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration, which is expected in 2019. TOPICS: National News Want to see what readers are saying about our stories? Check out the conversations on Boston.com's Facebook Page Tips? Corrections? Feedback? Email us at tips@boston.com Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds, right to your inbox. Connect with Facebook - or - Thanks for signing up! Continue to the article Privacy Policy Local News ‘I didn’t think he’d hurt her,’ Rachelle Bond says of ex-boyfriend during testimony June 2, 2017 | 4:39 PM Local News Watch Rachelle Bond testify at the Bella Bond murder trial June 2, 2017 | 2:06 PM Local News Student who disappeared in Franklin died of the cold, authorities say June 2, 2017 | 1:27 PM Local News MIT scientists say Trump misused their climate change research to defend leaving Paris accord June 2, 2017 | 12:37 PM Local News Please stop trying to steal the shark artwork in Chatham, artist says June 2, 2017 | 12:08 PM Local News Bear kills, eats Connecticut family's donkey June 2, 2017 | 10:34 AM National News Bucking Trump, these cities, states and companies commit to Paris accord June 2, 2017 | 9:40 AM Local News After Trump’s climate pact announcement, a green Boston City Hall June 2, 2017 | 9:37 AM Local News The forgotten riot that sparked Boston’s racial unrest June 2, 2017 | 9:33 AM Local News In a brief prep school career, a growing list of sexual misconduct allegations June 2, 2017 | 9:20 AM Local News A mystery in Franklin Park: Is a fountain from the 1800s buried there? June 2, 2017 | 9:14 AM Local News Man struck, killed by bullet that came through home's window June 2, 2017 | 8:07 AM Local News 'She didn't seem to be too broken up,' friend says of Rachelle Bond June 2, 2017 | 7:18 AM National News 10 things to know for today June 2, 2017 | 5:58 AM Animals More bears are coming to eastern Massachusetts. Here's what you need to know. June 2, 2017 | 5:00 AM Local News 7 questions about the Bella Bond murder trial, answered June 2, 2017 | 5:00 AM Local News Authorities find car belonging to apparent murder victim in Needham June 1, 2017 | 8:50 PM Local News Reading condo fire reaches up to 7 alarms; more than 60 displaced June 1, 2017 | 8:47 PM Local News High-ranking court official swept up in prostitution sting June 1, 2017 | 8:45 PM Local News Marty Walsh says Boston is committed to the Paris Agreement standards June 1, 2017 | 8:37 PM Politics AP fact check: Trump's shaky claims on climate accord June 1, 2017 | 8:24 PM Politics NH legislator charged with tax evasion, theft from businesses June 1, 2017 | 8:00 PM Local News 21-year-old driver dies in collision with tractor-trailer in NH June 1, 2017 | 7:58 PM Business Blue Apron files to go public June 1, 2017 | 7:50 PM Boston Marathon Here are the 2 guide dog puppies named after the 2017 Boston Marathon winners June 1, 2017 | 6:23 PM Local News Boston City Hall was just named one of the 10 most beautiful city halls in the US June 1, 2017 | 5:23 PM Politics Trump pulls US from global warming accord June 1, 2017 | 3:53 PM Local News Town seeks $93K in unpaid taxes from Aaron Hernandez estate June 1, 2017 | 11:31 AM 2017 Presidents Day Auto Sales Watch: Tiger Woods seen confused, stumbling on police dashcam video June 1, 2017 | 11:04 AM Local News 79-year-old Watertown real estate developer is a fugitive from justice June 1, 2017 | 10:55 AM Twitter Facebook ? ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Election 2017 Tech Science selected Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Science & Environment Science & Environment ViaSat-2: Satellite goliath goes into orbit By Jonathan Amos BBC Science Correspondent 2 June 2017 From the section Science & Environment These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-40123180 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright ARIANESPACE Image caption The Ariane lifted away from its pad during a tropical rain shower The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes. Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price. Inmarsat rides SpaceX Falcon Intelsat rolls out next-gen system Image copyright VIASAT Image caption Artwork: ViaSat-2 will be positioned 36,000km above the equator at 69 degrees West The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption Eutelsat-172B is the first satellite from Airbus to use all-electric propulsion for orbit-raising and station-keeping That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellite's communications payload for no additional weight. The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsat's platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europe's biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America. But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still. "We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; that's the bet we've made," said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. "JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now they're giving it away for free and we're providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video," he told BBC News. ViaSat-2's "footprint" touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second. Image copyright AIRBUS DS Image caption 172B has a 3D printed bracket (far right) holding an antenna to the satellite. This component is 35% lighter than the conventionally produced bracket (far left) From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsat's 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier. This can flexibly switch power between the satellite's 11 spot beams to make sure the available bandwidth is always focused where it is needed most - whether that be on the planes moving east-west from Japan to California, say, or when they go in the other direction as a cluster at a different time of day. "To oversimplify, in-flight connectivity has mostly been restricted to the US. But now it is expanding into the Asia-Pacific region and it's also coming to Europe," said Rodolphe Belmer, Eutelsat's chief executive officer. "We see spontaneous demand from airlines and it's booming. It's true the technology hasn't always delivered, but you will see with the introduction of very high throughput satellites in the next few years that we will be able to… bring a massive quantity of bandwidth onboard the plane, meaning you can stream Netflix in HD. That's a game-changer." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In-flight connectivity is a key battleground for the satellite operators Euroconsult is one of the world's leading analyst groups following the satellite industry. Its research confirms the rapid growth now taking place, and says this will only accelerate. Euroconsult's recent report on in-flight-connectivity (IFC) predicted nearly half of all commercial planes would be enabled by 2021, pushing revenues for the suppliers of onboard services from $1bn to $6.5bn inside 10 years. But Euroconsult's CEO, Pacôme Revillon, said there will be winners and losers in this IFC race and this would likely be decided in the very near future. "Going to 2020, approximately 50% of aircraft could have opted for their chosen connectivity solutions, and certainly all of the major airlines will have made that choice. By that stage the market share could decide who are the winners and losers, and we anticipate seeing some consolidation in this sector, with two to three companies coming to dominate the market," he told BBC News. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos Related Topics Broadband Airbus Group Internet Aerospace Engineering Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Leaders get rough ride from TV audience Theresa May faces angry nurses and Jeremy Corbyn is quizzed about nuclear weapons in Question Time special. 2 June 2017 Five key things from the Question Time special 3 June 2017 Tories 'no plan to raise income tax' 3 June 2017 Features I had to wait 11 days to be told of my daughter's death Week in pictures Whose perma-frown led to the label ‘glum bucket’ Video Toasting the stars The man who built his plane using YouTube videos 10 things we didn't know last week Seven stars who refused to be body shamed Legacy of the Rumble in the Jungle Reality Check: Can we be self-sufficient in renewables? News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech Science selected Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +303 June 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search SilentHawk: DARPA’s Stealth Dirt Bike Speeds Closer to Reality © Logos Technologies Military & Intelligence 03:24 02.06.2017(updated 10:12 02.06.2017) Get short URL 32952104 Logos Technologies, the company hard at work on prototypes for electric military motorcycles for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, said that the ultra-quiet two-wheelers are near completion. "The idea is to have two test motorcycles," Doug Rombough, vice president of business development for Logos, told Stars and Stripes. The vehicles, which will also carry equipment, will be equipped with front-wheel drive.  © AP Photo/ Northrop Grumman Corp Space Ghost: Boeing and DARPA Team Up for New Hypersonic Spaceplane Since 2015 Logos has been developing the hybrid electric dirt bike known as the SilentHawk, and is also making progress on a multi-fuel hybrid with an air-cooled engine, as well as an all-electric motorcycle. The SilentHawk’s drive system will make it easier to start the vehicle on a steep hill, which for a conventional motorcycle is typically a difficult task, according to lead engineer Alex Dzwill. He said, "On a typical dirt bike you would use a ton of power trying to move in sand … With the front-wheel drive you can climb out of it without using too much power." The recreation dirt bike on which the SilentHawk is based was created by Alta Motors in California. It weighs 267 pounds and costs $15,000. © Photo: Pixabay 'Watt' a Shocker! New DARPA Project Seeks to Electrically Rewire Human Brains Dzwill said that on off-road terrain the bike has a range of 40-50 miles, which increases to 170 miles once a multi-fuel generator is added. He also noted that it will be able to power electronic equipment in the field and that the range extender will be easy to remove and replace. Rombough said, "Soldiers could be sitting on a hill and top up the battery with the generator and charge up other gear … They are carrying more and more equipment that has to be powered so it’s a great benefit." He added that the US Marine Corps and Army, as well as foreign militaries have expressed interest in the SilentHawk, though Logos still has a year to develop the vehicle. "The DARPA program calls for a lightweight, rugged, single-track vehicle that can operate near-silently for extended periods while transporting small numbers of troops over hostile terrain," according to Logos. "Operators will benefit from the near-silent capability and ease of operation of an all-electric vehicle, along with the adaptable power generation and extended range of a multifuel internal combustion engine. The bike will also offer the capability to provide supplemental power for electric devices in the field." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 104 Related: DARPA Military Orders Software to Dramatically Boost Computing Power Catch and Release: Darpa’s Reusable Gremlin Drones to Lower Costs Pentagon’s DARPA Tests Underwater Drone Positioning System Pentagon’s DARPA Develops Kit Turning Aircraft Into Drones Cosplay in the Surveillance State: DARPA Tests Radiation Detection System Tags: motorcycle, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:51Russia's Labor Market Stabilizing - Federal Labor Service Head at SPIEF 09:27N Korea Claims US ICBM Interception Test Shows 'Preparation for Nuke War' 09:03Number of Injured in Venezuela Anti-Gov't Protests Reaches 15,000 - Opposition 08:49Court Denies Arrest Request for Daughter of Impeached S Korean Leader's Adviser 08:43Polling Stations Open Across Latvia in Local ElectionsAll news Why Russia Unleashed Kalibr Cruise Missiles on Daesh in Palmyra 7514 Qatar 'Extends Olive Branch to Iran to Deal With Saudi Pressure' 7274 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 7211 Syria's War Could Mend Hostile Relations With Israel 6342 This is What May Stop Duterte From Buying Advanced Russian Weaponry 5724All news ‘Not Why I Lost’: Hillary Blames Literally Everyone But Herself for Defeat 37 Daesh Militants Leave Raqqa, Cross Euphrates - Russian Military 31 Putin Not Ruling Out US Troop Presence on Kurils if Islands Controlled by Japan 25 China Is a ‘Bully,’ and America Is Better Than the White House, McCain Says 24 Washington 'is Going to Want to Occupy Certain Portions of Syria' 23All news Recommended News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Trumping the Climate New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Not finance, but Shanghai banks on manufacturing to reclaim commercial supremacy  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business China Economy China Economy Not finance, but Shanghai banks on manufacturing to reclaim commercial supremacy After Shanghai’s industrial output dropped 7 per cent in the first-quarter of 2016, officials knew they could not just rely on the service sectors for growth PUBLISHED : Saturday, 03 June, 2017, 12:02pm UPDATED : Saturday, 03 June, 2017, 12:02pm Comments:   Daniel Ren Share PrintEmail Related topics China Economy Shanghai free-trade zone Related Articles Companies China and US need to talk, says Trump’s business adviser 3 Jun 2017 Economy Morgan Stanley stays bullish on China after Moody’s downgrade 2 Jun 2017 Companies Caixin PMI dips below 50 first time since June 2016 1 Jun 2017 Shanghai, China’s most developed metropolis, is backtracking from its resolution to become a service hub, and falling back on its tested manufacturing base to grease the wheels of commerce and growth. The city had boasted of unbending faith in the service sectors, which would transform it into a global financial and shipping centre by 2020. Gone are the upbeat rhetoric of such an ascension, but in its place, officials are quietly mapping out new plans to rejuvenate Shanghai’s manufacturing industry and reclaim China’s economic locomotive status. The final wake up call came when Shanghai’s industrial output dropped seven per cent year on year in the first quarter of 2016. Officials knew it was time to act. “There have been increasing questions about Shanghai’s manufacturing sectors following years of declines,” said Chen Mingbo, head of the Shanghai Commission of Economy and Information Technology. “We have an answer today: with efficient coordination, Shanghai’s manufacturing industry still has big growth potential.” Chen admitted that the shrinking contribution of the manufacturing sectors to the economy weighed on local government officials who decided to take drastic actions to stem the slide. Addressing a press conference earlier this week, he stressed the importance of ensuring sustainability in driving the growth of Shanghai’s manufacturing businesses, albeit the city’s land scarcity for industrial development and rising living costs. There have been increasing questions about Shanghai’s manufacturing sectors following years of declines Chen Mingbo, Shanghai Commission of Economy and Information Technology As he shed light on the development plan, Chen pointed out that 1 square kilometre of industrial area should generate at least economic output of 1 billion yuan (US$147 million) a year. Outdated and creaky factories and companies would be replaced by high-tech and promising money spinners. The city pledged to attract more than 60 key industrial projects with annual output of more than 1 billion yuan each between 2016 and 2020, Chen said. Biotechnology, new materials, industrial internet, semiconductor, smart car and airplane manufacturing are singled out to propel Shanghai’s further growth. They will feed into the government’s blueprint drawn up in May to reinforce the return of manufacturing businesses. Under the grand scheme, Shanghai would reserve more land for promising companies, offering preferential rents and incentives such as lower tax payments for small technology firms to enhance their manufacturing might. They had also actively pitched global industrial stars such as Microsoft to expand their investments in the city, Chen said. “Shanghai’s reputation can be a draw to the Fortune Global 500 companies,” Chen said. “They are interested in working with us.” Shanghai district Yangpu unveils ¥12b of start-up backing to transform from ‘rust belt’ to innovation hub Cen Fukang, a deputy director of the Shanghai Planning, Land and Resources Administration, said the city government would keep a flat fee on land-use for the prospective companies for the next 20 years, a departure from the current practice where fees are raised periodically. Shanghai has over the past two years refrained from touting its efforts to build a world-class financial centre after the slow progress made in liberalising the financial markets. To be fair, financial deregulation entails central government decision makers, and is something beyond the authorities in Shanghai. In 2009, the city had for the first time officially unveiled its global financial hub ambition, in tandem with Beijing’s efforts to internationalise the yuan. Piggybacking on the city leaders’ focus on finance until now, Shanghai’s service sectors accounted for 67.8 per cent of the local gross domestic product (GDP) last year. “A developed city can’t do without flourishing a manufacturing industry,” said Bob Zhou, chief executive of Shanghai-based investment group Yinshu Capital. “It is necessary to go back to manufacturing businesses as the city attempts to regain its growth momentum.” Shanghai has lagged behind its provincial-level counterparts in term of economic growth. Between 2008 and 2015, its GDP growth was eclipsed by the national average as its manufacturing sectors slumped. It is under pressure to chase industrial output growth as an increasing number of manufacturers, both home-grown and foreign-invested, relocate their facilities to other mainland cities or to overseas markets, where costs are lower. To move its manufacturing sectors up the value chain, the city has massively adjusted its economic structure since 1990s, closing down a large number of light-industry companies such as textile and daily necessities makers that were struggling with thinning profit margins. Since China began economic reform in the 1980s, Shanghai residents had taken pride in a clutch of brands including Forever bicycles, White Rabbit candies, Feiyue colour TVs and Bright milk which were among the best-selling products on the mainland. Most of the brands have faded in oblivion due to cut-throat competition. In 1985, Shanghai’s auto making industry was catapulted into international limelight after SAIC Motor established a joint venture with Volkswagen to produce sedans for the then fledgling car market. Last year, the manufacturing sectors represented only a quarter of the city’s GDP. Export-oriented businesses are increasingly finding themselves in a bind as the city loses its lustre as a gateway to the rest of the country. Yuan Lamei, owner of a garment company that sells clothes to the European markets, said net profit margins had fallen to a scant 8 per cent from more than 30 per cent a decade ago. “Wage inflation continues, and it’s increasingly difficult to get orders from foreign clients as they set eyes on the manufacturers in Southeast Asia,” she said. “For manufacturing businesses, it looks as if our days are numbered.” City officials do not think so. For manufacturing businesses, it looks as if our days are numbered Yuan Lamei, garment manufacturer Chen said a year of efforts to bolster manufacturing businesses have paid off. In the first quarter of this year, industrial output in Shanghai grew 6.7 per cent from the same period in 2016. “The government has the power to push the development of mega projects,” he said, adding that corporate giants owned by the central government and foreign investors would be lured to help create new jobs and growth engines for Shanghai. Last month, Shanghai officials relished a successful maiden flight of the country’s first self-made narrow-bodied passenger jet, signifying the country’s goal to compete for the global industrial crown. The C919 aircraft assembled by Shanghai-based Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Comac) represents arguably China’s boldest attempt to break the duopoly of Airbus and Boeing. Comac and Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) also officially started operations of their 50-50 joint venture in late May in Shanghai to develop a long-haul, wide-bodied passenger plane. The double-aisle plane is expected to conduct a first flight in 2022, with deliveries beginning as early as 2025. Shanghai’s road to become a global financial centre had been a convoluted eight-year affair. Expected liberalisation including the establishments of two new boards at the Shanghai Stock Exchange – the international board and board for emerging industries – never came to pass. The qualified domestic individual investor (QDII2) scheme allowing mainland residents to directly invest in overseas stocks was shelve indefinitely after years of preparations on fears of rampant capital outflows that could exacerbate a weaker yuan. The crude oil futures opened to foreign players to trade in have yet to be launched. A freer capital flow across the border remains a far-cry, the major stumbling block for Shanghai’s rise into prominence in the global financial markets. Shanghai’s new mayor leads off with free-trade zone commitment In 2013, Shanghai established the mainland’s first free-trade zone that aims to facilitate free commodity and capital flows across the border. Interests have been at best modest, with few foreign and domestic companies reaping substantial benefits from the freedom of doing businesses inside the so-called mini-Hong Kong. It faces competition against another 10 similar zones across the nation. “But the ground reality is that Shanghai is still a thriving marketplace to do businesses,” said Cao Hua, a partner at Unity Asset Management. “Businesses all the way from catering to plane-making will gravitate to Shanghai, because it is the metropolis where millions of people have plenty of money to spend. The key lies in what products and services you can make to meet their needs.” SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Chinese banks told to report overseas withdrawals and transactions 3 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 4 Data spat between home delivery majors causes huge confusion 5 Let’s reconcile to a diet of squid as we overfish to our own peril Shared 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Chinese banks told to report overseas withdrawals and transactions 3 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 4 Oracle partners Tencent in aiming for China cloud computing 5 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app Commented 1 Will China’s only vigil for the Tiananmen crackdown survive? 2 Hong Kong ‘turns blind eye’ as workers sleep in cupboards, kitchens, even toilets 3 Young Hongkongers ‘pushed to localism by Beijing policies’ 4 Chinese tourist destroys in seconds what nature took 3,000 years to build 5 China’s now able to lead on climate change … but is it willing? Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong What is it like to sleep like some of the foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong? Jun 3rd 2017, 11:47am Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm PolyU innovations win global tech awards Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content     Antiwar.com Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News News From Antiwar.com Original and up-to-date news Lockheed Sees $28 Billion From Saudi Arms Sales, Boeing Expects $50 Billion Lockheed Trying to Sell Saudis on Littoral Combat Ships as Part of Deal Jason Ditz Posted on June 2, 2017Categories NewsTags Boeing, Lockheed, Saudi Arabia, Trump The massive US arms deal with Saudi Arabia signed last month by President Trump is continuing to drive up arms makers’ stock, though at present the exact dollar values for specific companies are a matter of some speculation. Lockheed Martin, long expected to be one of the big sellers, put their figure at $28 billion. Lockheed’s sales include 150 Black Hawk helicopters, at the very least, but the company is also trying to sell the Saudis on the THAAD missile defense system, and the small but pricey Littoral Combat Ships (LCS) that the US has been struggling with constantly breaking down. Boeing offered their own estimates on Saudi contracts, saying they believe they’re getting $50 billion. This is stated to include both military sales and commercial sales. They did not offer guidance on how much of the funding was which, nor if this was sales only, or included maintenance deals for the lifetime of the planes. They also offered no specifics on what was being sold. These companies and other well-connected US arms makers are all expected to make quite a bit of money off this new arms deal with Saudi Arabia, as well as more money off of President Trump’s planned military spending increases. As the chance of peace suddenly breaking out looks more and more remote, the arms makers are expected to continue raking in money hand over fist. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz CIA's New Iran Chief Is a Sign of Trump's 'Hard Line' on Iran - June 2nd, 2017 Israel Expected to Announce 2,600 New Settlement Units in West Bank - June 2nd, 2017 ISIS, Gen. Hifter's Forces Both Attacking Libya 'Unity' Govt Simultaneously - June 2nd, 2017 US Official Report Dramatically Undercounts Civilians Killed in Airstrikes - June 2nd, 2017 IAEA: Iran Continues to Comply With Nuclear Deal - June 2nd, 2017 Author: Jason Ditz Jason Ditz is news editor of Antiwar.com. View all posts by Jason Ditz Click here to hide comments Post navigation Previous Previous post: CIA’s New Iran Chief Is a Sign of Trump’s ‘Hard Line’ on Iran Advertise on Antiwar.com Search Search for: Search Recent Stories Lockheed Sees $28 Billion From Saudi Arms Sales, Boeing Expects $50 Billion CIA’s New Iran Chief Is a Sign of Trump’s ‘Hard Line’ on Iran Israel Expected to Announce 2,600 New Settlement Units in West Bank ISIS, Gen. Hifter’s Forces Both Attacking Libya ‘Unity’ Govt Simultaneously Topics Libya ISIS Yemen Kurdistan Gaza Iraq Trump Egypt Ukraine Obama Israel Russia Syria Afghanistan Turkey NATO UN Pakistan Pentagon Iran Resources Antiwar.com Newsletter Front Page Archives Regional News Donate to Antiwar.com Submission Guidelines Reprint Policy Advertise on Antiwar.com Search Antiwar.com © 2017 Antiwar.com. All rights reserved. News From Antiwar.com Proudly powered by WordPress
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Calgary LIVE Calgary More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Calgary WestJet seeks Transport Canada approval to offer China flights Calgary-based airline has ordered 10 Boeing Dreamliners CBC News Posted: Jun 02, 2017 8:53 PM MT Last Updated: Jun 02, 2017 9:01 PM MT WestJet may purchase up to 20 Dreamliners over the next seven years as part of a deal that could see the airline access new international destinations. The latest announcement was flights to China. (Randall Hill/Reuters) Related Stories WestJet targets expanding long-range routes with up to 20 new Dreamliners Welcome to the discount era: Airlines offer cheap flights, we pay the rest: Don Pittis WestJet Airlines Ltd. is asking Transport Canada for regulatory approval to launch flights to China. CEO Gregg Saretsky made the comments at the Greater Vancouver Board of Trade on Friday, saying offering flights to Asia with lie-flat seats will allow the airline to add a luxury option to its mostly economical offerings. WestJet orders 10 Dreamliners for longer-range routes "We have entered into the process with Transport Canada, and Transport Canada will soon engage the Chinese delegation from Beijing, and before too long we hope to be bringing back the specifics to you," he said. He didn't announce which cities the airline would fly into, nor a potential launch date. Saretsky said the plan is "in-sync with what the Canadian federal government has on its agenda, which is to double the number of inbound arrivals from China by 2022." Last month, WestJet announced it had placed a firm order for 10 Boeing Dreamliners, which will have the range and fuel efficiency to serve new destinations in Asia, South America and expand the airline's presence in Europe. WestJet's first Dreamliner 787s would be delivered between the first quarter of 2019 and December 2021. The Calgary-based airline also has an option to buy an additional 10 Dreamliners to be delivered between 2020 and 2024.  MORE CALGARY NEWS | 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta.  MORE CALGARY NEWS | Province commits $20M to build school playgrounds Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Saturday Mainly sunny 26°C Sunday Chance of showers 23°C Monday Periods of rain 18°C Tuesday Periods of rain 17°C Wednesday Sunny 23°C More Weather Latest Calgary News Headlines 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta. Man stabbed at City Hall C-Train station WestJet seeks Transport Canada approval to offer China flights 135 charges laid against Alberta man for rural thefts in Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Alberta Police seek witness who might have unknowingly interrupted crime at Nose Hill Park Top News Headlines Leaders pledge to save 'Mother Earth' despite Trump's decision to abandon Paris accord 'Won't happen again': Saskatoon police chief apologizes for refusing mom a breast pump 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta. Ghanaian grandmother who died in ditch en route to Canada might have been able to enter legally 'If you ever do this again, we'll turn you in,' pastor told killer nurse Most Viewed 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta. Unequal treatment: First Nations woman denied medical coverage readily available to non-Aboriginals 'Combative man' injures 3 first responders after Deerfoot Trail crash, say police 'I'm trying to save his life': Judge blasts Alberta government for mentally ill teen with nowhere to go Lethbridge high school grads criticized for Cowboys and Indians costume party Craft beer to be sold at Calgary Stampede in 2017, after years of pressure Fries with that? Motorist charged after feeding bear in Kootenay no-stopping zone 'Grizzly paw prints all around the fences': Predators eye new bison calf neighbours near Banff Bishop McNally teacher accused of sexually assaulting student starting in 2007 faces charges Don't Miss Leaders pledge to save 'Mother Earth' despite Trump's decision to abandon Paris accord Saskatoon police chief apologizes for refusing young mom a breast pump while in custody 'I've never seen anything like that before': Tornado spotted near Three Hills, Alta. Ghanaian grandmother who died in ditch en route to Canada might have been able to enter legally 'If you ever do this again, we'll turn you in,' pastor told killer nurse White House does not know if Trump will block Comey testimony Woman arrested in Muskrat Falls protest moved to men's prison in St. John's MOVIES After a 76-year wait, a lot is riding on whether a Wonder Woman movie soars Video Here's what ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer confessed about killing 8 patients Trump's decision on the Paris accord and what it means for the oilpatch MARKETING 'Is it Insta-worthy?': How companies get customers to do their marketing for them Families await bodies after 36 die in Philippine casino attack Ireland set to have 1st openly gay prime minister Ottawa forfeited $8.7B in uncollected tax in 2014, says report 'I'm trying to save his life': Judge blasts Alberta government for mentally ill teen with nowhere to go Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
03/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programmes Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All Programmes Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views Europe 01/06/2017 EU and China join forces to tackle Trump over climate change Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are both ready to contribute to stability in the world." Europe 01/06/2017 Soros urges EU to keep Poland and Hungary in democratic check Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am full of admiration for the courageous way the Hungarian people have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state the Orban regime has established" World 30/05/2017 Fabiola Gianotti, CERN: "95% of the universe is unknown to us." Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What is visible when we look at stars, planets and galaxies only represents 5% of the universe. The other 95% is made up of (dark) matter and energy that we do not know." Fabiola Gianotti Director-General, CERN World 29/05/2017 Cecilia Schelin Seidegard: "Gotland is strategic since the vikings" Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You can control the Baltic sea if you have Gotland" Cecilia Schelin Seidegard Governor of Gotland World 29/05/2017 Does Poland need weekend soldiers? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It means 50 000 voters plus families..." Slawomir Sierakowski Political analyst World 29/05/2017 Ramadan explained Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Better than a thousand months." World 26/05/2017 'Europe not doing so bad' says Germany's Schäuble Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Don't underestimate European economies, European societies" Wolfgang Schäuble German Finance Minister Sci-tech 25/05/2017 Cassini-Huygens's extraordinary journey around Saturn Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Now the really exciting bit, we're passing between the atmosphere and the ring system of Saturn" Geraint Jones Head of Planetary Science, Mullard Space Science Laboratory more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > World's largest aircraft pokes its nose out of the hangar Now Reading: World's largest aircraft pokes its nose out of the hangar Today's Top Stories world news 02/06/2017 Global leaders up in arms at Trump's climate decision Russia 02/06/2017 Putin put on the spot over Russia and Trump Philippines 02/06/2017 At least 34 dead in Manila casino attack Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know world news 01/06/2017 Who do Euronews journalists think will win the UEFA Champions League? View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? World's largest aircraft pokes its nose out of the hangar last updated: 02/06/2017 Everton Gayle Stratolaunch is a massive aircraft. It is designed to launch rockets into space. It comes with a wingspan of 117 metres or 385 feet. That makes it longer than a football pitch. Its twin fuselages stretch 75 metres or 285 feet. This compares with Airbus’ A380, which has a wingspan of 80 metres. It is a big beast and weighs almost 230,000 kilograms. It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s. It is hoped that it will be a cheaper option when it comes to launching low-orbit satellites. The advantage of this plane is that it can be used at numerous airports and is not restricted to fixed-launched sites that can be affected by weather. Share this article: More about: Aeronautical industry Airlines USA Space engineering Most viewed Philippines 02/06/2017 ISIL's attack on Marawi a signal of intent in the Philippines world news 02/06/2017 NBA player and Erdoğan-critic Enes Kanter's father arrest in Turkey View 02/06/2017 The historic scale of Donald Trump’s mistake world news 02/06/2017 School bus narrowly avoids collision with lorry in Australia Russia 02/06/2017 Putin put on the spot over Russia and Trump Flashback: one year ago France 03/06/2016 Paris in flood: transport chaos and museum closures cause pandemonium state of the union 03/06/2016 State of the Union: Floods hit Europe world news 03/06/2016 Europe's Copernicus emergency system activated to manage floods economy 03/06/2016 Greek businesses welcome tourist influx, worry about tax hike effects the global conversation 03/06/2016 Mikhail Khodorkovsky: "Russia deserves better" Editor's choice world news 01/06/2017 The UK General Election: what you need to know world news 01/06/2017 Who do Euronews journalists think will win the UEFA Champions League? View 01/06/2017 How broken is American democracy? world news 31/05/2017 Inside the Morgan Motor Factory View 01/06/2017 What does the Macron method mean for Europe? View 02/06/2017 The historic scale of Donald Trump’s mistake world news 31/05/2017 MEPs using taxpayers' money to rent offices from themselves world news 31/05/2017 What are the Brexit policies in the UK election? world news 02/06/2017 Return to earth for France's astronaut photographer Next Article world news 01/06/2017 Watch: Global Energy Prize awarded in Russia Today's Top Stories world news 02/06/2017 Global leaders up in arms at Trump's climate decision Russia 02/06/2017 Putin put on the spot over Russia and Trump Philippines 02/06/2017 At least 34 dead in Manila casino attack Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags Donald Trump Global warming and climate change USA European politics COP21 ISS Business Russia Channels Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes Services Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video All Programmes 03/06/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Subscription Notification We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing details. Please update your billing details here Please update your billing information The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription. Your subscription will end shortly Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK. Accessibility LinksSkip to content Saturday June 3 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Qatar is on board with Inmarsat’s wi-fi Will Humphries June 3 2017, 12:01am, The Times SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket delivered the latest Inmarsat commercial communication satellite to orbit from the Kennedy Space Center in Titusville, Florida, last monthAlamy Inmarsat is to launch a new satellite to increase capacity on its inflight broadband network after Qatar Airways agreed to use the service. The British mobile satellite communications company said the Global Xpress satellite, which will cost $130 million over three years to its launch in 2019, will serve the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. It said the Qatar Airways deal, which will initially be available to passengers on more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s, would take the number of aircraft using its GX Aviation broadband service to more than 1,000. The service allows passengers to browse the internet and stream videos with connectivity on a par with broadband services available on the ground. Leo Mondale, president of Inmarsat Aviation, said:… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full digital access Subscribe to The Digital Pack for just £1 a month for 3 months. Offer available for 4 weeks only. Subscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power The Brief © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card required I’m OK thanks
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Crime/Public Safety Man arrested for allegedly kidnapping girl from downtown Spokane, raping her in Peaceful Valley UPDATED: Fri., June 2, 2017, 7:02 p.m. Opeyemi Ekundayo (Opeyemi Ekundayo / Facebook) By Jonathan Glover jonathang@spokesman.com(509) 459-5013 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS A man was arrested May 24 for allegedly kidnapping a 16-year-old girl from downtown Spokane and molesting her for “several hours” in his car while parked in Peaceful Valley. The girl, who is homeless, was walking with her friend downtown about 7 p.m. when they came across Opeyemi Ekundayo, 33, and asked him for a cigarette, according to court documents. The three talked about phones, and the girl mentioned needing to upgrade hers, at which point Ekundayo said he would trade her his phone for her old phone. Ekundayo offered to drive her to where she was staying at a downtown homeless shelter to grab her phone charger, court documents state. Instead of heading there, he drove to Peaceful Valley and parked his Oldsmobile Bravada SUV near Glover Field. There, he apparently began fondling her, and the two spent hours “wrestling back and forth,” according to court documents. The girl tried several times to get out of the vehicle, but Ekundayo allegedly locked the doors each time and grabbed her by the arms, pulling her back into the vehicle, where he then raped her, documents state. He also forced her to drink blue-green colored liquid, and said it “will make you go to bed,” according to the girl’s description to police. She said it had a copper taste to it. Ekundayo, in jail Thursday, offered a different version of events during an interview. According to him, he and the girl were just “playing hand games and playing with ourselves.” He said at no point did she indicate he didn’t have her permission to touch her. He also said he couldn’t have raped her because he was rendered impotent after an accident he sustained in 2012 while working as an aircraft engineer at Boeing in Everett. In the interview, Ekundayo said the police and court system were conspiring to keep him behind bars and recounted acts of police brutality he claims to have experienced in the past. He also said he didn’t trust his court-appointed lawyer. Ekundayo, who is also homeless, claims police never issued a warrant to search his vehicle or swab his mouth for DNA, which investigators used to link him to the crime. A spokesperson for the Spokane Police Department was not immediately available for comment. At his first court appearance last Thursday, Superior Court Judge Annette Plese set bond at $500,000. Ekundayo has no prior felony convictions in Spokane County. He is charged with first-degree kidnapping, first- and second-degree rape, and unlawful imprisonment. His arraignment is set for Tuesday. Updated: June 2, 2017, 7:02 p.m.  Tags: Crosswalk Teen Shelter, public safety, rape Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Man arrested for allegedly kidnapping girl from downtown Spokane, raping her in Peaceful Valley … Black fly outbreak across Spokane brings itchy, bleeding misery … Former Zag Stephen Gentry returns as Gonzaga basketball’s director of operations … Gonzaga offers spot to G-Prep basketball standout Anton Watson … Polling shift suggests Britain’s election may be more exciting – and unpredictable – than expected … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global More Electric Aircraft Market Report 2017: Reduced Emissions of Electric Motors Has Pushed Lawmakers & FAA to Open Their Doors to New Technology - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:40 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global More Electric Aircraft Market 2017 - 2022" report to their offering. The More Electric Aircraft is a new segment in the eco-friendly transportation systems. It is widely used in military and next generation commercial aircraft for better operational efficiencies and a quieter operational environment. After the successful launch and operation of electric motors, their application in the transportation for commercial purpose has seen significant acceptance by consumers. Also the reduced emission of the electric motors has pushed the lawmakers and FAA to open their doors for this latest technology, change in laws and the intricacies of the pollution control law has allowed the electric motor industry to shift its focus from motors to transportation in all areas. GAMA has released (February, 2017) the first global standard for measuring hybrid and electric propulsion in general aviation aircraft. As per GAMA fuel reserves for flight needs to last 30 minutes, which includes a journey between two points, takeoff, flying pattern and return. GAMA also released standards for vertical flight pattern for rotorcraft and new generation aircraft that may have vertical takeoff capacity. The more electric aircraft move is turning towards propulsion system for aircraft and on complete electrical projections throughout the aircraft body. Airbus and Boeing have slowly introduced a more electric architecture on aircraft. The A380 and 350 had replaced three hydraulic systems with two electric systems successfully proving the technology to be safe. Airbus further plans to replace hydraulic power systems with electric generators on wide body aircraft. The aircraft APU is considered to be dead weight inflight, to be used in rare cases when both engines fail, to act as emergency power generator. Improvement in battery capacity density is expected to act as a major deciding factor for the future more electric aircraft. Companies Mentioned Aero Electric Aircraft Corporation Airbus SAS Alisport Electravia Electric Aircraft Corporation  Lange Aviation GmbH NASA PC-Aero Pipistrel Solar Impulse The Boeing Company  The Cessna Aircraft Company  Yuneec International Key Topics Covered: INTRODUCTION 2. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 3. MARKET OVERVIEW AND TRENDS 4. MARKET DYNAMICS 5. GLOBAL MORE ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT MARKET, SEGMENTED BY PLATFORM 6. GLOBAL MORE ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT MARKET, SEGMENTED BY TECHNOLOGY 7. GLOBAL MORE ELECTRIC AIRCRAFT MARKET, SEGMENTED BY GEOGRAPHY 8. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE 9. KEY VENDOR ANALYSIS For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/ztdlhb/global_more Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-more-electric-aircraft-market-report-2017-reduced-emissions-of-electric-motors-has-pushed-lawmakers--faa-to-open-their-doors-to-new-technology---research-and-markets-300468027.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 02 Jun, 2017, 16:40 ET Preview: Global 3D Printing Material and Equipment Opportunities, Trends, and Markets 2017-2020 - Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:20 ET Preview: Feed Additives Market to Reach $29 Billion by 2022 - Key Players are Cargill, BASF SE, Novozymes, Adisseo France, Nutreco, Evonik Industries, Archer Daniels Midland, Alltech & Elanco Animal Health - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET Global Influenza Drugs and Vaccines Market 2016-2021:By Drugs... 02 Jun, 2017, 19:20 ET India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global More Electric Aircraft Market Report 2017: Reduced Emissions of Electric Motors Has Pushed Lawmakers & FAA to Open Their Doors to New Technology - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Monika Donimirska Ariane 5 delivers to GTO orbit two communications satellites. The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS Arianespace delivered to orbit during VA237 mission two communications satellites from Guiana Space Center. During sixth flight in 2017 and third with Ariane 5 this year, Arianespace marked its another success and strengthened its image of the Company as one of the most reliable launch service providers in history. It is second launch delayed and postponed from March and April due the series of strikes in French Guiana. Arianespace again decided to deliver two satellites in single mission stretching payload fairing of Ariane 5 as much as possible. Yesterday payload mass was 10865 kg. ViaSat-2 was installed on the top of the Sylda payload adapter installed over the Eutelsat-172B. Objective for this mission was delivering payload with mass of over 10 t 250 km x 35706 km inclined at 6 degrees. Ariane 5 ECA was rolled out in the vertical position on May 31, 2017. Fueling process was started yesterday at T-4’38” with launch planned for 23:45 UTC. Chilling engines, testing of subsystems and preparing to launch were finished and pressurizing tanks started at T-7″. Punctually at 23:45 UTC rocket lifted off and begun its planned for 41 minutes mission with pitch and roll maneuver to face towards East. Rocket jettisoned its two solid rocket boosters after first 2’22” of flight on altitude of 70 km.  68 seconds later payload fairing was jettisoned and both satellites were exposed. At T+9’15” main stage was cut off and started falling to Atlantic Ocean to dropzone close to west coast of Africa. Rocket continued flight on altitude of 150km. Upper stage ignited engine for 16 minutes to cut off at T+25′ after reaching altitude of 1300 km. After few maneuvers Viasat-2 was deployed from Sylda adapter at T+30′. Ten minutes later, Eutelsat-172B was released and begun its mission. Viasat-2 (Boeing) and Eutelsat-172B (Airbus) are communications satellites. Viasat-2 will operate for at least 15 years and provide high speed internet access. Built on the  BSS-702HP platform is equipped with Ka band transponders which will cover with range North and Central America, Caribbean and main routes between Europe and North America. Satellite weighs 6418 kg and is powered by two deployable solar arrays. Eutelsat-172b built by Airbus is first European commercial satellite with electric propulsion. Built on Eurostar-3000EOR bus it weighs 3551 kg and is equipped with 14 C-band transponders, 36 Ku-band transponders, high throughput Ku-band payload. Satellite will remain on GEO orbit for at least 15 years. Satellite is powered by two deployable solar arrays providing 13 kW of power. Read more at Ariane 5 delivers to GTO orbit two communications satellites. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAirbus, Ariane 5, Arianespace, Boeing, Eutelsat-172b, Guiana Space Center, ViaSat-2, ViaSat-2&Eutelsat-172B Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paramount to Present at NAREIT’s REITWeek 2017 Next PostNext Upper County Park Playground Temporarily Closed Search Recent Posts Multiple Lane Closures Scheduled for I-435 Beginning June 5 Global Automotive Windshield Market 2017-2021: Top Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Announces the Filing of a Class Action against Eco Science Solutions, Inc. and Certain Officers – ESSI Top 3 Emerging Trends Impacting the Global Coronary Atherectomy Devices Market from 2017-2021: Technavio Potbelly Corporation to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, 3M Dominate the DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick June 2, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet June 2, 2017: Markets opened higher again Friday following a lower-than-expected number from the non-farm payroll report. Bond yields were lower as investors are seeking cover for what looks to be less economic expansion than people expected in the heady days following last November’s election. Energy stocks were today’s big losers while industrials and tech stocks were the best performers. WTI crude oil for July delivery settled at $47.66 a barrel, down 1.5% for the day and down 4.3% for the week. August gold added 0.8% for the day to settle at $1,280.20, up about 1% for the holiday-shortened week. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.29 for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.36%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.92%. http://247wallst.com/energy-economy/2017/06/02/pump-prices-remain-low-as-refineries-soak-up-us-crude-oil-inventories/ The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Friday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.64% at $190.39. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $191.69, a new high posted today. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 2.9 million shares. The company had no specific news. 3M Company (NYSE: MMM) traded up 1.32% at $207.05. The stock’s 52-week range is $163.85 to $207.39, another new 52-week high. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 1.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) traded up 0.94% at $129.99. The stock’s 52-week range is $109.32 to $130.00, a third new high among the Dow stocks. Volume was about 30% lower than the daily average of around 6 million shares. The company had no specific news. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) traded up 0.79% at $96.15. The stock’s 52-week range is $73.25 to $96.18, a fourth new 52-week high posted today. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 7.6 million. The company had no specific news Friday. Of the Dow stocks, 19 are on track to close higher Friday and 11 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Apps Developers Have Scored $70 Billion From Apple Hewlett-Packard, Exxon Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), 3M (NYSE:MMM), Visa (NYSE:V) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools 26 National Monuments President Trump Wants to Shut Down America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Cars So Hot They're Out of Stock The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent Hewlett-Packard, Exxon Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, 3M Dominate the DJIA Friday Apps Developers Have Scored $70 Billion From Apple 15 Companies Bracing for Big ASCO Reactions Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The 3 Best IT Services Companies to Buy in 2017 Why Amazon's Pharmacy Idea Just Might Work Apple, Inc.'s WWDC: What to Expect Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Dow finishes with a weekly gain of 0.6%; S&P 500 posts a 0.9% weekly advance Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Wall Street week ahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Venezuelan president moves forward on constitution assembly Jack O’Neill, Founder Of Iconic Surf Brand, Dies At 94 Kate Middleton Can't Get Enough Of These Classic White Sneakers Men Really Do Get Less Sexist When They Have Daughters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN REQUEST SUPPORT WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission Photo By Christine Cuttita | The 45th Space Wing supported NASA’s successful launch of Orbital ATK’s Cygnus...... read more read more Photo By Christine Cuttita | The 45th Space Wing supported NASA’s successful launch of Orbital ATK’s Cygnus spacecraft aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Space Launch Complex 41 April 18, 2017, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fla., at 11:11 a.m. ET. (Courtesy photo/United Launch Alliance)  see less | View Image Page PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FL, UNITED STATES 05.18.2017 Story by Christine Cuttita  45th Space Wing ✔ ✗ Subscribe 3 With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program's renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. "The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications," said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, "The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation." The Air Force's partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer's arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force's accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation,” said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. “Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services." Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas - support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America's advantage in the space warfighting domain. "Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond ... we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground," said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 05.18.2017 Date Posted: 06.02.2017 15:53 Story ID: 236194 Location: PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FL, US  Web Views: 42 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission, by Christine Cuttita, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS 45SW Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612 Customer Service 7am to 4pm 1-888-743-4662 Newswire Features Units Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service Links Links Disclaimer No FEAR Act Small Business Act Open Government Strategic Plan FOIA USA Gov Inspector General Web Policy EEO Sexual Assault Prevention
Campaign URL Copy Facebook 0 likes Twitter 0 tweets Google +1 Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt Some graphene applications are promotional gimmicks. Not this one. View this email in your browser Queen's University and Eagle Graphite Announce Grant to Test Multi-Layered Graphene in Plastic Composites Queens University and Eagle Graphite (TSX VENTURE:EGA)(FRANKFURT:NJGP)(OTC:APMFF) ("Eagle Graphite", “Eagle”, or the "Company") are pleased to announce that the NSERC Engage committee has granted an award for research and development into the use of multi-layer graphene (“MLG”) as a reinforcement for plastic composites.   NSERC, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, is a federal government agency that selectively invests in research at the frontier of knowledge.   The six-month project builds on the successful production of MLG from Eagle’s graphite by Queen’s researchers, the results of which were discussed in previous releases. The new round of research will be led by Dr. Marianna Kontopoulou, PhD, P.Eng., Professor and Associate Head of Chemical Engineering at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario. The primary objective is to study the potential for using multi-layered graphene, derived from graphite from Eagle’s production facility in British Columbia, in plastic composites. George Hawley of Supermin Enterprises will provide additional guidance and support as a consultant to the project.   Dr. Kontopoulou explains the rationale for the research: “Polymer matrices are inherently light-weight and resistant to corrosion and are therefore attractive in automotive, structural and other engineering applications. However, they suffer from low stiffness, and can therefore benefit from modulus, and dimensional stability improvements that can be accomplished by using reinforcing fillers. Treated graphene nanoplatelets can impart superior flexural strength, thermal and electrical conductivity, and they are considered a very attractive alternative to conventional filler reinforcement.”   George Hawley adds that the research could have significant consequences for the transport industries. “The automotive and aerospace sectors have a tremendous need for lighter, stiffer and stronger materials.”   “Automobile manufacturers are faced with increasingly stringent fuel economy standards. For example, by 2025 the US CAFE standards will require every automaker to achieve a fleet average fuel economy of 54.5 mpg, and the industry has a long way to go to meet this standard. Falling short of the target can result in heavy fines; across the industry $500 million has already been paid in fines since 1988, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is proposing even steeper fines than exist today.”   “One key way to improve gas mileage is to reduce the vehicle weight, by replacing metal with plastics, and reducing the thickness of those plastics. But thinner plastics must have improved mechanical properties. This is done by adding extra-strong and extra-stiff reinforcements such as multilayer graphene.”   “Another approach is to increase the number of electric vehicles in an automakers fleet. These vehicles also benefit from lighter weight to improve the range of the battery. Again, this can be achieved using plastics made thinner by incorporation of high performance reinforcements like multilayer graphene.”   “Similar lightweighting considerations apply to aerospace. Manufacturers like Boeing and Airbus are reducing weight by switching from metal to plastics. The benefits are more passengers per plane and lower fuel cost. A 787-8 is calculated to save the operator $130 million in fuel cost savings over the life of the plane, compared to the 767. Thinner, lighter plastics should provide even greater savings.”   Jamie Deith, CEO of Eagle Graphite says “We are as enthusiastic as ever about our collaboration with Queens. This work has enormous potential commercial benefits for us; materials for autos and aerospace are a huge market. But it is also personally satisfying to consider that along the way we might help the world use less energy.” About Queen’s University Queen’s is one of Canada’s oldest degree-granting institutions and a full-spectrum, research-intensive university that conducts leading-edge research in a variety of areas. It balances excellence in undergraduate studies with well-established and innovative graduate programs. The department of Chemical Engineering at Queen’s is an award-winning department in both research and teaching, reflecting the dedication in the Department to achieve the highest standard of academic excellence. Its mission is to provide internationally recognized leadership in education and research at the interface of science and engineering, anticipate the needs of our students and society as a whole, and contribute to responsible solutions for future generations. The Department of Chemical Engineering is nationally recognized as one of the top research departments in Canada and internationally acknowledged as a leading department in North America. About Supermin Supermin Enterprises is the consulting company of George C Hawley. Mr. Hawley worked in the UK as a Research & Development Chemist for Morgan Crucible company, a leading global manufacturer of synthetic graphite products. Later, as Technical & Marketing Director at Martin Marietta Corporation in Quebec, he was responsible for the development of the Suzorite Mica business. Working closely with auto manufacturers Ford, General Motors, Chrysler and Volkswagen, and with plastics producers GE, DuPont, GAF, and Hercules, he pioneered the reinforcement of plastics using high aspect ratio mica flake, and brought this to a production capacity of 30,000 tonnes per year. Since 1980, Mr. Hawley has been a consultant providing expert guidance to the industrial minerals industry, including graphite. About Eagle Graphite Eagle Graphite Incorporated is an Ontario company that owns one of only two natural flake graphite production facilities in North America, located 35 kilometres west of the city of Nelson in British Columbia, Canada, and 70 kilometres north of the state of Washington, USA, known as the Black Crystal graphite quarry. The Company's shares are listed on the TSXV under the symbol "EGA" and on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol "NJGP". Contact Info Eagle Graphite Incorporated Jamie Deith, President & CEO (604) 909-4237 jdeith@eaglegraphite.com   More News Website  TSX-V:  EGA Cautionary Statements  Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Such information is based on assumptions, estimates, opinions and analysis made by management in light of its experience, current conditions and its expectations of future developments as well as other factors which it believes to be reasonable and relevant. Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking information and accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on such information. Although the Company believes, in light of the experience of its officers and directors, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors that have been considered appropriate, that the expectations reflected in this forward-looking information are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on them because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. In evaluating forward-looking information, readers should carefully consider the various factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward looking information. The statements in this press release are made as of the date of this release. The Company undertakes no obligation to comment on analyses, expectations or statements made by third parties in respect of the Company or its securities, its financial or operating results, as applicable. Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Copyright © 2017 Eagle Graphite Incorporated, All rights reserved. unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences 
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries By Associated Press Published: 14:50 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 14:50 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail DALLAS (AP) - President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File) Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off - fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner - lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes - fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord "would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation's abundant energy resources under lock and key." The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA 'I can see her bikini wax!': Now Alesha Dixon leaves viewers outraged with her BGT dress... as defiant Amanda Holden dons ANOTHER plunging gown PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd uses a wheelchair on family holiday as she battles extreme pelvic pain condition... as she reveals she's rushed herself to hospital Lateysha Grace shows off her ample derriere in electric blue bikini during sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza... after having FOUR fat transfer operations From how long to wait before meeting to picking the perfect picture (and when to bow out): How to REALLY succeed at online dating... as told by the expert!   SPONSORED 'I was hoping the storyline would finish': Coronation Street fans are left 'heartbroken' as Bethany Platt pledges her love to Nathan after he is arrested on child exploitation charges  'I couldn't look at myself in the mirror if I did nothing': Simon Cowell 'to fund' £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen BGT dancer Julia Carlile 'We are not f**king scared': Robbie Williams breaks down in tears as he dedicates performance to Manchester terror attack victims  'If you're going to mime at least move your lips': Former X Factor stars 5 After Midnight are accused of lipsyncing as they perform debut track on BGT  Curves ahead! Hilary Duff shows off her bountiful backside as she shares a laugh on set with leggy Sutton Foster Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn A designer who works only for him Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off on father Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Blasts autobiography 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  'It is going to be the sexiest Love Island EVER': Caroline Flack promises steamy scenes are on the cards for the ITV2 show...after THAT 2016 raunchy bedroom romp Busty Ex On The Beach star Kayleigh Morris and Louie Spence's Dreamboy nephew Lotan Carter lead the new batch of Big Brother housemates 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Impassioned piece TOWIE's Jamie Reed cosies up to stunning girlfriend Jade Lewis as she puts on a sizzling display in plunging silk mini-dress at mental health awareness gala Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her blossoming baby bump in a tasselled top as she puts on energetic performance in glittering hot pants at Hull Festival 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' The Missing People Choir make the BGT finals after leaving Amanda Holden in tears with their heartbreaking performance  Moving Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  They all needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's bash Gary Barlow lights up the stage with Take That in Birmingham... amid claims band are reuniting with Robbie Williams for special performance at Manchester benefit concert Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Tom Daley, 23, pens second cookbook and launches cookery site to emulate naked chef's success  The 23-year-old wants to emulate Jamie Oliver Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce t. 'My manhood is worth £12million': New Big Brother contestant Lotan Carter took out penis insurance 'to protect his most valuable asset' Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Head over heels On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a hand up from her backing dancers after bending a little TOO far during Vegas show Going overboard Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning frame while raising a glass on Barbados break... as husband Wayne meets a delighted fan nearby 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Pippa's £120,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's five-star holiday featuring  £250 lunch, designer bikinis galore and a 15-minute flight costing £500  Jesy Nelson teases her leg tattoo in just a thigh-skimming T-shirt... ahead of Little Mix's performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert Twenty years after childhood classic Matilda premiered we reveal where the child stars are now... and they're COMPLETELY unrecognisable Justin Bieber touches his nipples after hugging a mystery bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York What's he trying to suggest? 'What's the big deal? Simon Cowell's always showing his moobs!': David Walliams defends Amanda's dress... as BGT outfit sparks Ofcom complaints Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a pose to model her newest Good American jeans Cheeky Beauty conscious Amy Childs sports hair in rollers as she takes newborn Polly for a day out... after admitting she had a blow dry 'mid-labour' Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool  'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Tallia Storm embraces a more sophisticated look in a ruffled jumpsuit with a low-cut neckline as she attends charity ball in style Elegant  Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica Seen with a laptop-carrying female friend Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? Entertainer's name dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy... as he reveals his extreme 'pineapple and nuts' diet Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez Famed for her curves Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump in blue satin kimono as she enjoys a tennis match from the sidelines PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Wright flashes a hint of underboob and flaunts her toned abs as she takes a dip in the sea with her personal trainer in Dubai My toyboy ex-lover is dead and I'm racked with grief This week BEL MOONEY advises Diana, who is heartbroken after her former lover's death Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Very chiseled legs Sadie Frost cuts an elegant figure in a green silk gown alongside boyfriend Darren Strowger at Epsom races... after sparking split speculation following VERY public row Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert She took centre stage Make-up free Lisa Snowdon, 45, goes NAKED as she strips off for steamy bathtub photograph The radio personality, 45, left little to imagination Working up a sweat! Bella Thorne is seen with rumored on-again actor beau Gregg Sulkin at his soccer game They both wore a sheepish look Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat Sporty Glamorous Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Family time Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Legs for days! Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom in a black bikini on a seaside getaway after completing her work on Britain's Next Top Model Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester concert Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York The Adidas ambassador opted for a chic outfit 'She was full on NAKED!' Horrified Nick Grimshaw reveals Rita Ora WEED in a bin in front of him at Radio 1's Big Weekend... (and he had to clean it up!) Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? How his name has been dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages over the pool party death arrest  'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Birds of a feather flock together No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event Bold and bright Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend  She's said to be 'head over heels'  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Styled by Moschino Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with footballer beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht trip Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Locks cascading down Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Usually in underwear Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back She sure is winning SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's David Platt joins Shona Ramsey in hunt for groomed niece Bethany after gang rape scene Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Sealed with a kiss! Joey Essex puckers up with bikini-clad girlfriend Georgie Purves as the pair enjoy lunch at an Ibiza beach bar All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram 'He nearly weed in my mouth!' Kieron Richardson reveals perils of fatherhood... as he reveals he chose the names of newborn twins Chase and Phoebe in a chicken restaurant 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself ready for a workout Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine Looked as delectable as her own dishes 'It sucks': Jon Hamm talks Jennifer Westfeldt split as he admits he may be a 'narcissist' and is 'damaged'... after 'flirting' with Kate Beckinsale Singer Brandy taken to hospital after 'falling unconscious on Delta flight' as plane was about to take off in LA The hit maker was flying to New York City  Just an ordinary girl! Drew Barrymore puts her make-up on in the subway carriage window Not with the entourage you expect of A-listers Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with husband Marcus Mumford ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC She still lives with her parents A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at LA screening for his new movie Baby Driver Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping their romance out of the spotlight 'They've brought a whole new energy with them': Sarah Jayne Dunn reunites with screen boyfriend Gary Lucy as she returns to Hollyoaks after six-year absence Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot Skintight crimson cocktail dress  Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her growing baby bump in breezy maxi dress as she greets a pal over lunch with boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson 'Get her Ofcom!' TV watchdogs assess Amanda Holden's plunging gown that outraged BGT viewers after it receives MORE complaints than Corrie's gang rape episode The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City 'Wedding vibes!' Kate Wright wears a low-cut dress and gets into the celebratory spirit at a friend's nuptials... as her supposed romance with Rio Ferdinand continues 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Baby-moon continued on Friday Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Looked stunning Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of the ravages of war What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Smiling happily Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke hits back at 'divisive and patronising' campaign to stop the band playing in Israel, calling it a 'waste of energy' Melanie Sykes, 46, showcases her rock hard stomach in a sizzling mirror snap... after proving that she's always had the same gym-honed physique Missing People Choir sing their hearts out as they rehearse for Britain's Got Talent semi-final... after Simon Cowell tipped the group for victory  'You are labelled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Klass-y lady: Myleene dresses for summer in a blush pink lace midi dress and wedge heels as she arrives at Smooth Radio Fabulous physique Sean Penn was 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after a fellow passenger on a Delta flight was 'rude' about star's carry-on bags 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Shared a photo of a card that said 'It's a guy' Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's benefit concert for victims of the Manchester suicide attack  Beaming Alexa Chung turns rock chick in racy leather biker dress with zip-detail as she flaunts her endless legs during Paris outing The Dowager would approve! Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville looks suitably dapper as he joins glam wife at Epsom racecourse Ivanka Trump sports a bold lipstick and a short monochrome dress to face soaring temperatures in D.C. Knock knock! Casey Batchelor gets caught answering her front door in nothing but busty lingerie and a sexy silk robe Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she heckles Golden State Warriors player Kevin Durant during NBA Finals Chris Clark and Amber Dowding put on a defiant front as they smooch at birthday meal... after the TOWIE star admitted the REAL reason behind his split from Jesy Nelson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... as dad Joe sits in prison So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at the airport after quitting hit show Still looked stunning EXCLUSIVE Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented artist's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes shots Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair during walk in LA... a week after letting her natural colour shine through Star studded sunnies! FEMAIL chats with Jeremy Piven about his under sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn steals limelight at wrap party... as Nathan Henry and beau Craig Richards show off romance on show for the first time Ex-Geordie Shore star Chantelle Connelly and Love Island's Katie Salmon flaunt their ample assets as they go TOPLESS while hitting beach in Ibiza 'We are not here to talk about that!' Caroline Flack refuses to answer questions about her alleged new boyfriend in Love Island interview live from the new villa 'Look how cute you are!' Beth Ditto flirts up a storm with Rochelle Humes during TV interview... and forgets that it's her wedding anniversary with wife Arnold Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he's living on another planet  Lucy Fallon recalls the moment tearful sexual abuse survivor praised her Corrie grooming storyline as she laid flowers for victims of Manchester bombing Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom Ellie Goulding puts on a VERY busty display in sizzling bikini selfie... after performing at charity fundraiser Actress Tina Hobley bemoans the 'extraordinary' lack of female radio presenters as she reveals the joys of hosting her own drive time show Something boring you? Bella Thorne, 19, leaves a sweaty gym session with her sister Dani, 24... but the pair are glued to their phones Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Irina Shayk beams as she's seen with baby daughter Lea de Seine for first time during LA stroll... as daddy Bradley Cooper shoots new movie nearby Paying the Price! Former glamour model Katie gets ANOTHER parking ticket slapped on her lavish £70,000 pink Range Rover 'How can you be 50 and think that?' The Chase fans left stunned by 'dim witted' answer from contestant who thought the Statue of Liberty was PINK Love Island's Olivia Buckland showcases her curves in a nude one piece at her swimwear launch... as she puts on a loved-up display with fiancé Alex Bowen Evan Rachel Wood debuts quirky ombre turquoise hair as she cuddles her son, 3, while arriving at LAX airport 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles And on the tenth day, there was rest for Lord Disick: Bleary-eyed Scott enjoys solo night out... after raucous week in Cannes surrounded by glam women SPOILER ALERT: The Taylor family are set to stir up trouble when they move to Albert Square... as EastEnders bosses tease an 'explosive' summer 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen introduces pretty blonde Jools as the pair celebrate his daughter's 12th birthday She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her flexibility as she partakes in a workout session in Japan Caring Brad Pitt treats the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood following his sudden death Bad Mrs Claus! Uma Thurman takes a cigarette break on set of her new movie The War With Grandpa while dressed in a Santa-inspired costume That's a far cry from Elm Street! Freddy Krueger icon Robert Englund, 69, hobbles with a cane after breaking his foot as he jets out of LA airport Tom Cruise reveals he did own zero-gravity stunt on The Mummy... as co-star Annabelle Wallis says it was 'incredible she didn't vomit on him' Natasha Hamilton cuts an edgy figure in flesh-flashing slashed jeans paired with plunging tee as she takes daughter Ella into London hotel Stalk much? Tyga likes a comment left by fan on obscure celeb Instagram account throwing shade at his ex Kylie Jenner No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Pierce Brosnan and beloved wife Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX following romantic Hawaii getaway  What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Heath Ledger's family attend scholarship dinner honouring the late actor as Sydney actor walks away with the prize Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun The grand finale! Suited Justin Theroux attends special final episode screening of his hit series The Leftovers in New York City Sandra Bullock gives her son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Was in a very playful mood on Thursday Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglass launch in West Hollywood Bringing back the fanny pack! Kendall Jenner finishes off a shoulder-less romper with a Louis Vuitton bum bag as she heads to NYC 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Olivia Newton-John and daughter Chloe Lattanzi in Sharknado 5... following Grease star's devastating breast cancer diagnosis Whip it real good! Leather-clad Hilary Duff plays a dominatrix in season four trailer for Younger which features guest star Kristin Chenoweth Tom Hughes played the charismatic, psychotic, rat-catcher/killer. But the woman he was stalking seemed just as unhinged in Paula Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Saturday 3 June 2017 , Saturday 3 June 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Latest News 7 held over Rangamati arson attacks Woman, child killed in Bhola Road accidents kill 13 a day in May ‘Trump broke me,’ says comedian after severed head row Country to get $100m from WB to diversify exports Science & Tech 3 June, 2017 12:29:43 AM / LAST MODIFIED: 3 June, 2017 12:30:04 AM ViaSat-2 goes into orbit wi-fi on aeroplanes BBC An Ariane 5 rocket lifts off from the French Guiana Space Center with two satellites onboard ViaSat-2, built by Boeing Satellite Systems for the American operator ViaSat Inc and EUTELSAT 172B, built by Airbus Defence and Space for the French operator Eutelsat, in Kourou, French Guiana on Thursday. AFP photo The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket, reports BBC. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes.  Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price.  The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellite’s communications payload for no additional weight.  The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsat’s platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europe’s biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America.  But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still.  “We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; that’s the bet we’ve made,” said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. “JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now they’re giving it away for free and we’re providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video,” he told BBC News. ViaSat-2’s “footprint” touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second.  From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsat’s 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier.   ViaSat-2 goes into orbit wi-fi on aeroplanes BBC The most powerful commercial broadband satellite ever built has just gone into orbit on an Ariane rocket, reports BBC. ViaSat-2, which is to be stationed above the Americas, has a total throughput capacity of about 300 gigabits per second. The spacecraft was part of a dual payload on the Ariane flight. It was joined by Eutelsat 172B, a UK/French-built platform to go over the Pacific. Both satellites will be chasing the rampant market for wi-fi on aeroplanes. Airlines are currently in a headlong rush to equip their fleets with connections that will allow passengers to use their mobile devices in mid-air. More than 6,000 commercial aircraft worldwide were offering an onboard wi-fi service in 2016; it is expected more than 17,000 will be doing so by 2021. In-flight internet has traditionally had a terrible reputation, but there is a feeling now that the latest technology really can give passengers a meaningful slice of bandwidth and at a competitive price. The Ariane left the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana at 20:45 local time, Thursday (23:45 GMT), ejecting the satellites into their transfer orbits about half an hour later. Both must now get themselves into their final positions. Noteworthy is the fact that ViaSat-2 and 172B will be using electric engines to do this. These work by accelerating and expelling ions at high speed. The process provides less thrust than a standard chemical engine, but saves substantially on propellant mass. That saving can be traded to get either a lower-priced launch ticket, or to pack even greater capacity into the satellites communications payload for no additional weight. The US, Boeing-built ViaSat-2 uses a mix of chemical and electric propulsion, but Eutelsats platform is all-electric - the first such design to come from Europes biggest space manufacturer, Airbus. ViaSat-2 will be providing broadband services to fixed customers across North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and a portion of northern South America. But the satellite is also configured to service planes and ships, and in particular it is looking to grab a significant share of business out over the Atlantic. The aviation sector currently is a key battleground for satellite operators; it is where they are seeing double-digit growth. In the US, working with airlines such as JetBlue, ViaSat has already found success through its existing high-throughput ViaSat-1 spacecraft. With the extra capacity on ViaSat-2, it aims to do better still. We think people want to use their devices in the air the way they do on the ground; thats the bet weve made, said ViaSat Chief Operating Officer Rick Baldridge. JetBlue delayed their in-flight wi-fi offering, waiting for us, and now theyre giving it away for free and were providing 12 megabits per second to every seat, including streaming video, he told BBC News. ViaSat-2s footprint touches the western coast of Europe, but aeroplanes travelling further east will be handed seamlessly to a better-positioned Eutelsat spacecraft, which should enable passengers to stay connected all the way across to Turkey if needs be. This is one of the benefits of the strategic alliance that the two satellite companies have formed. And in time this will see the pair operate a ViaSat-3 platform together over Europe. This spacecraft is being built to have a total throughput capacity of one terabit per second. From its position very close to the International Date Line, Eutelsats 172B spacecraft is going to target - amongst other business - the flight corridors of the Asia-Pacific region. And it has some very smart British technology to do this in the form of a multi port amplifier. Comments Most popular   On Science & Tech India launches South Asia Satellite ICT Division wins Global mobileGov Award Humans must flee Earth within century: Stephen Hawking Millions of Android phones could be tracked with ultrasonic spying tool Government backs driverless car trials in London Poll Today's Question » Finance Minister AMA Muhith says the imposition of 15 per cent flat VAT would not push up prices of goods. Do you agree?  Yes  No  No Comment All Result Yes 13.5% No 83.8% No Comment 2.7% Most Viewed Tk 21,118cr allocated for power sector Uniform VAT takes centre stage Huge haul of arms, ammo in Narayanganj; 3 held Bad news for multinational cigarette makers Budget to trigger production cost, inflation: CPD Video Iftar markets (30-05-2017) Cyclone Mora hits coastal areas (30-05-2017) Muhith on budget (30-05-2017) Earning from outsourcing (27-05-2017) Earthquake: Risky slums built on waterbodies (27-05-2017) More Science & Tech Stories Microsoft co-founder unveils world's biggest plane The world’s biggest plane, boasting a 117-metre wingspan, has been launched by the Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen. The six-engine, dual-hulled Stratolaunch aircraft is designed to launch satellites into orbit. Launching the… Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Bangabandhu-1 satellite to be launched in Dec: Tarana Twitter just launched emoji for these Indigenous peoples Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Why do hackers always wear hoodies? Behind the stereotype Uber celebrates 6 months in Dhaka Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News TAKE A LOOK-Russian, foreign businesses gather at St Petersburg forum Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-11:21pm , Reuters Oil market A-listers including Saudi energy minister Khalid Al-Falih and OPEC Secretary General Mohammad Barkindo attended, while Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the highest-profile foreign leader at the 2017 forum. Russian and international business people are meeting in St Petersburg on June 1-3 for an annual economic forum that usually brings a number of big-ticket investment deals. Oil market A-listers including Saudi energy minister Khalid Al-Falih and OPEC Secretary General Mohammad Barkindo attended, while Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the highest-profile foreign leader at the 2017 forum. Oil firms eyeing future production deals are also in the fray, represented by the chief executives of Total, OMV, ENGIE, Wintershall and BP. For Reuters stories from the forum published on June 1 Below is a list of the latest Reuters stories from the forum: Putin praises Trump, says US spies may have faked hacking evidence Putin says foreign direct investment in Russia $7 bln in Q1 Russia's Putin says on climate change accord "don't worry, be happy" Putin says still time to get climate change deal India says committed to climate change agreement Aeroflot says new Russian jet serious competitor to Boeing, Airbus INTERVIEW-New Kazakh bourse eyes significant part of planned IPOs Rosneft expands in Iraq's Kurdistan with exploration, pipeline deals INTERVIEW-Essar-Rosneft deal to close in June, SBI head says Saudi's Falih: Aramco to invest globally in gas, LNG after IPO Moldova returning to strategic partnership with Russia-Dodon World Bank: Russia must ensure price stability to spur growth Russian state fund would welcome Saudi investment in driller Eurasia Over half of CFOs in Russia now optimistic-Deloitte survey Russia's Sechin questions oil cut deals as U.S. ups output (Compiled by Sujata Rao) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Indian-origin Leo Varadkar becomes Irish PM-in-waiting World Four killed in Kabul street clashes over lethal bombing World Climate change undeniable: UN chief Antonio Guterres after US' withdrawal out of Paris agreement World Human error led to British Airways chaos, disrupting travel plans of 75,000 passengers World Islamic State claims responsibility for Manila casino attack World Drop dead, says Trump to the world: How world media reacted to US pulling out of Paris Climate deal Next Article > Netaji death mystery: RTI reply based on 2006 conclusion, willing to examine 'new facts', says Home Ministry Live Cricket Score Sri Lanka vs South Africa Sat, 3 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Next node Netaji death mystery: RTI reply based on 2006 conclusion, willing to examine 'new facts', says Home Ministry Related Modi offers sacred 'Urga Kanjur' text to Buddhist Temple head priest in Russia Will redouble our effort to 'make the planet great again', says France Paris Agreement: Global backlash as Trump announces US withdrawal from global climate deal Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Narendra Modi Reuters Rosneft Aeroflot Airbus Boeing Moldova OMV Opec Wintershall Russia Putin U. S. Aramco Eurasia Iraq Kurdistan Khalid al-Falih St Petersburg Sujata Rao Trump SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Afghan authorities lock down Kabul after protest clashes Maneka Gandhi to undergo gall bladder surgery in few days, confirms son Varun UK Conservatives pledge no tax hike for top earners as vote nears Joint patrols off Mindanao to fight militants: Malaysia Arunachal CM discusses telecom connectivity with Union Sport Hockey: India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it West Indies v/s Afghanistan: Sunil Narine shines in Caribbean side's six-wicket win over guests Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble rift: Sourav Ganguly has a curt advice for Indian skipper and coach Rugby-Late drop goal keeps Crusaders perfect, Crotty injured Entertainment Rawal unapologetic on Roy tweet, says it is 'freedom of Patty Jenkins already signed on for 'Wonder Woman' sequel Arjun Kapoor tried THIS detox and FAILED at it! Ariana Grande visits fans in UK hospital ahead of benefit gig Nawazuddin Siddiqui to dance in a song in Munna Michael Money 15th GST Council meeting begins, rates of 6 items to be decided Tight security for UP CM's visit to Vindhyanchal Temple Trump climate move could divert FDI, spark litigation - U.N. Soccer-Argentine championship results and standings WRAPUP 6-U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 pct Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Rise As FedEx Breaks Out And A Warren Buffett Pick Retakes Entry PAUL WHITFIELD 6/02/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off U.S. stock indexes stood firm midday Friday, as the market shrugged off weak payroll numbers and a dip in the participation rate. The Nasdaq rose 0.7%, while the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average added roughly 0.3% respectively. The small cap Russell 2000 advanced 0.8%. Volume in the stock market today was lower on both major exchanges vs. the same time Thursday.  Before the open, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported payroll and employment data for May. Nonfarm payrolls added 138,000 jobs, which was 25% below the consensus view and under the lowest estimate in the range. The average monthly gain over the previous 12 months was 181,000. The jobless rate dipped one tick to 4.3% from 4.4%, as the participation rate fell to 62.7% from 62.9%. Stock indexes generally remained calm. The day's losers were mostly in the lowly rated oil patch. Field services stocks dropped 3%, and drillers 2%. On the upside, RV stocks, metal handling, airlines and fiber optics posted solid gains. FedEx (FDX) broke out in heavy volume. The stock had been consolidating since mid-December in a flat base. The buy point is 201.67. FedEx's previous breakout came in November. The stock advanced about 13% before starting its current consolidation. In Q1, Fidelity Contrafund (FCNTX) reduced its stake by 23%. Delta Airlines (DAL) reclaimed a 50.28 buy point. The stock began forming a cup-with-handle pattern in mid-December. The buy point in the handle was 50.28.  Delta cleared the handle May 25 in soft volume but then fell back under the buy point. Friday's retaking of the buy point came in hefty volume. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has a position in Delta but trimmed the stake 8% in Q1. Blue chips were mostly up. Winners led losers by a 4-to-3 ratio. Boeing (BA) popped 2% higher in volume moderately above average. Chevron (CVX) sagged 1%, also in moderately higher volume. Oil prices dropped 2% to under $47.50. Market watchers said President Trump's pullout from the Paris climate pact would lead to more drilling and therefore lower prices on the increased supply. Amid highly rated stocks, stocks moving in fast trade included Five Below (FIVE) off 1%; TAL Education (TAL), up 3%; Align Technology (ALGN), up 2%; Broadcom (AVGO), up 7%; Ferrari (RACE), up 2%; Canada Goose (GOOS), up 9%; and Applied Materials (AMAT), up 2%. RELATED: Waiting For A Big Stock Market Pullback? Read This First In The Oil Wars, There Can Be Only One Winner Big U.S. Airline Flies Into Buy Range On Strong Revenue, Traffic Bank Stocks Getting Hit Again PAUL WHITFIELD | Facebook | @/IBD_Pwhitfield Share this: Related news A Surprise Big-Cap Breakout As Stocks Open June With Two-Day Rally 6/02/2017 Stocks closed higher Friday, lanuching June with a two-session run up that left the Nasdaq, Dow industrials and S&P 500... 6/02/2017 Stocks closed higher Friday, lanuching June with a two-session run... 4 U.S. Airlines Are In Buy Range As Delta Reports Strong Revenue Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch Chips Lead Nasdaq Higher, But Check Out This Biotech On The Move Boeing, In Buy Range, Is Bullish On Mideast Carriers Despite Trump Bans Mixed Signals On Laptop Ban Leave Airline Stocks Twisting In The Wind These Airlines Emerge As Top Anti-Dragging Rivals To United Breakout Watch: Is This Airline Stock Ready For Takeoff? Now There Are 3 Airline Stocks In Buy Range As Summer Travel Nears Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! View Archived Webinar Now Learn advanced buying strategies & see current examples of how these techniques can boost your portfolio profits. More News What To Expect From Apple's Big Software Developers Show Who Will Win The Oil Wars? U.S. Shale, OPEC Or Consumers? Why Rising Rates are Good for High Yield Credit Promoted Content By AB (AllianceBernstein) Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Small Satellite Market Worth 7.53 Billion USD by 2022 PUNE, India, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The report „Small Satellite Market by Type (Nanosatellite, Microsatellite, Minisatellite), End User (Civil, Defense, Commercial), Application (Earth Observation & Meteorology, Communication, Scientific Research & Exploration), and Region – Global Forecast to 2022”, published by MarketsandMarkets™, the small satellite market is estimated to grow from USD 2.92 Billion in 2017 to USD 7.53 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 20.83% during the forecast period. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 68 market data Tables and 41 Figures spread through 163 Pages and in-depth TOC on „Small Satellite Market” http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-satellite-market-150947396.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report Key factors such as increasing focus on reducing mission costs, rise in demand for earth observation related activities, satellite miniaturization, and satellite cost reduction are expected to fuel the growth of the small satellite market. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=150947396 Based on type, the minisatellite segment is expected to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on type, the minisatellite segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period, as these satellites can be used for high precision and complex space missions such as remote sensing, navigation, maritime and transportation management, space & earth observations, disaster management, military intelligence, telecommunications, and other academic purposes. The earth observation & meteorology application segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on application, the earth observation & meteorology segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period. Small satellites are capable of monitoring natural or manmade disasters, such as cyclones, earthquakes, landslides, and environmental pollution, among others. Small satellites have computational and communication capabilities, along with competencies in taking decisions about which data to be sent and when. North America is projected to account for the largest share of the small satellite market in 2017  North America is estimated to lead the small satellite market in 2017. Increasing interest in small satellites due to their low cost, advanced mechanics, and ease of assemble and launch has led to a rise in venture capital-backed funding for small satellites in the region. The small satellite market in the North American region is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. Inquiry Before Buy @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=150947396 Boeing (U.S.), Airbus Defense and Space (France), OneWeb (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), and Surrey Satellite Technology (U.K.), among others, are the major players in the small satellite market. Browse Related Reports  Satellite Payloads Market by Orbit Type (LEO, MEO, GEO), Payload Type (Communication, Imaging, Navigation), Vehicle Type (Small, Medium to Heavy), Payload Weight (Low, Medium, High), Frequency Band, Application, & Region – Global Forecasts to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/satellite-payload-market-223389741.html X-Band Radar Market by Application (Defense, Government, and Commercial), Type (Mobile, and Sea-based X-band Radar), Array (Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA), Passive Electronically Scanned Array (PESA), and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/x-band-radar-market-210561157.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™   MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies’ revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the „Growth Engagement Model – GEM”. The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write „Attack, avoid and defend” strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets’ flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, „RT” connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Piezoelectric Ceramics Industry Report :key Vendors, Trends, Analysis, Segmentation, Forecast to 2017-2022 Next PostNext Commercial Vehicle Axles 2017 Global Market By Types, Countries, Manufacturers, Applications to 2022 – AAM, MerTechnologyor?, DANA, PRESS KOGYO, SAF-HOLLAND, BPW Group Search Recent Posts MOVIT Closes $150,200 Private Placement Daily Press Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt Transformer Oil Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report To 2022 Latest Research report on Membrane Filtration Market predicts favorable growth and forecast till 2022 Hydroxy Functional Resins Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH IoT ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Double success for Eutelsat and ViaSat By Chris Forrester June 2, 2017 Arianespace’s sixth successful launch this year also set a record in terms of weight lifted into orbit when it placed two satellites, owned by Eutelsat of Paris and ViaSat of California into a geostationary transfer orbit.  The launch took place at 8.45pm local time in French Guiana on June 1st (01.45am June 2nd, Paris time). The net lift-off weight was a massive 9,969 kgs, a record. Eutelsat 172B, is an electric orbit raising satellite, built by Airbus Space, is the first electric satellite to be orbited by Arianespace. The craft will take some months to reach its final 172 degrees East location and from where it will serve customers in the Asia-Pacific region including Alaska and Australia. ViaSat-2 is to be placed at 70 degrees West and serving North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe.  ViaSat-2 was built by Boeing. The next launch for Arianespace is scheduled for June 28th. Eutelsat signed a fresh launch contract with Arianespace to place an upcoming satellite into orbit. The order means that Eutelsat is now committed to 3 launches with Arianespace, starting with Eutelsat 7C in 2018. Related posts: ViaSat & Eutelsat launches set for June 1 Arianespace gets back to full schedule Arianespace launching two on June 1 Eutelsat success for 65WA ViaSat and Eutelsat link Ka-band networks You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Hunt to leave Channel 4 Sky D Champions League final on Sony VR CLICKON predicts future of TV Champions League Inmarsat shares rise on Intelsat’s merger collapse Saudis biggest consumers of TV on phones & tablets Snapchat glasses on sale in UK Altice’s My Cuisine launches June 12 Double success for Eutelsat and ViaSat MOOV, BT Sport choose ChyronHego for 4K Champions League Netflix cancels Wachowskis’ series Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    IoT    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Small Satellite Market Worth 7.53 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Small Satellite Market by Type (Nanosatellite, Microsatellite, Minisatellite), End User (Civil, Defense, Commercial), Application (Earth Observation & Meteorology, Communication, Scientific Research & Exploration), and Region - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets™, the small satellite market is estimated to grow from USD 2.92 Billion in 2017 to USD 7.53 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 20.83% during the forecast period. MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 68 market data Tables and 41 Figures spread through 163 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Small Satellite Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/small-satellite-market-150947396.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report Key factors such as increasing focus on reducing mission costs, rise in demand for earth observation related activities, satellite miniaturization, and satellite cost reduction are expected to fuel the growth of the small satellite market. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=150947396 Based on type, the minisatellite segment is expected to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on type, the minisatellite segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period, as these satellites can be used for high precision and complex space missions such as remote sensing, navigation, maritime and transportation management, space & earth observations, disaster management, military intelligence, telecommunications, and other academic purposes. The earth observation & meteorology application segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period  Based on application, the earth observation & meteorology segment is estimated to lead the small satellite market during the forecast period. Small satellites are capable of monitoring natural or manmade disasters, such as cyclones, earthquakes, landslides, and environmental pollution, among others. Small satellites have computational and communication capabilities, along with competencies in taking decisions about which data to be sent and when. North America is projected to account for the largest share of the small satellite market in 2017  North America is estimated to lead the small satellite market in 2017. Increasing interest in small satellites due to their low cost, advanced mechanics, and ease of assemble and launch has led to a rise in venture capital-backed funding for small satellites in the region. The small satellite market in the North American region is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. Inquiry Before Buy @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=150947396 Boeing (U.S.), Airbus Defense and Space (France), OneWeb (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), Space Exploration Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Sierra Nevada Corporation (U.S.), Planet Labs (U.S.), and Surrey Satellite Technology (U.K.), among others, are the major players in the small satellite market. Browse Related Reports  Satellite Payloads Market by Orbit Type (LEO, MEO, GEO), Payload Type (Communication, Imaging, Navigation), Vehicle Type (Small, Medium to Heavy), Payload Weight (Low, Medium, High), Frequency Band, Application, & Region - Global Forecasts to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/satellite-payload-market-223389741.html X-Band Radar Market by Application (Defense, Government, and Commercial), Type (Mobile, and Sea-based X-band Radar), Array (Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA), Passive Electronically Scanned Array (PESA), and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/x-band-radar-market-210561157.html Subscribe Reports from Aerospace & Defence Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets™   MarketsandMarkets™ provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets™ for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets™ are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets™ now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets™ is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets' flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets™ 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: +1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Blog @ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets 02 Jun, 2017, 17:30 BST Preview: Clickstream Analytics Market Worth 1,560.6 Million USD by 2022 02 Jun, 2017, 16:00 BST Preview: Aerospace Materials Market Worth 25.80 Billion USD by 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 Jun, 2017, 17:30 BSTClickstream Analytics Market Worth 1,560.6 Million USD by 2022 02 Jun, 2017, 16:00 BSTAerospace Materials Market Worth 25.80 Billion USD by 2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Small Satellite Market Worth 7.53 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets 02 Jun, 2017, 16:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Industry Report: Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Indu   Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry. (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 02, 2017 ) Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trend of Micro Tactical Ground Robot. All these are offshoots of understanding the current situation that the industry is in, especially in 2017. The will chart the course for a more comprehensive organization and discernment of the competition situation in the Micro Tactical Ground Robot market. As this will help manufacturers and investors alike, to have a better understanding of the direction in which the Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market is headed. Access complete report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-micro-tactical-ground-robot-sales-market-report-2017 With this Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market report, one is sure to keep up with information on the dogged competition for market share and control, between elite manufacturers. It also features, price, production, and revenue. It is where you will understand the politics and tussle of gaining control of a huge chunk of the market share. As long as you are in search of key Industry data and information that can readily be accessed, you can rest assured that this report got them covered. Key companies profiled in this report are Roboteam, QinetiQ, iRobot Corporation, Boeing Company, Thales, Northrop Grumman, Clearpath Robotics, Robotnik Automation, ReconRobotics, Perrone Robotics and others. Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/537148 When taking a good look at this report, based on the product, it is evident that the report shows the rate of production, price, revenue, and market share as well as of the growth of each product type. And emphasis is laid on the end users, as well as on the applications of the product. It is one report that hasn't shied away from taking a critical look at the current status and future outlook for the consumption/sales of these products, by the end users and applications. Not forgetting the market share control and growth rate of Micro Tactical Ground Robot Industry, per application. All the queries about this report can be asked at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/537148 List of Chapters: 1 Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Overview 2 Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 3 United States Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 Southeast Asia Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 India Micro Tactical Ground Robot (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 10 Micro Tactical Ground Robot Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Micro Tactical Ground Robot Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Ariane 5 launches its first all-electric satellite by Staff Writers Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) Jun 02, 2017 file image Arianespace has successfully launched two telecommunications satellites: ViaSat-2 for ViaSat Inc.; and EUTELSAT 172B for the operator Eutelsat - which is the first all-electric satellite to be orbited by an Ariane 5. The launch took place on Thursday, June 1 at 8:45 pm (local time) from the Guiana Space Center (CSG), Europe's Spaceport in Kourou, French Guiana. Today's launch was the sixth of the year for Arianespace, and the third in 2017 with the Ariane 5 heavy launcher, which recorded its 79th successful mission in a row. The Ariane 5 ECA also set a new performance record into geostationary transfer orbit, carrying a total payload of 10,865 kg. (of which 9,969 kg. was the net liftoff mass for the two satellites). With this mission - the 289th by its family of launchers - Arianespace is at the service of connectivity on a global scale. Arianespace at the service of ViaSat Inc. ViaSat-2 is the second ViaSat Inc. satellite to be launched by Arianespace, after WildBlue-1 in 2006. ViaSat, a global broadband services and technology company, aims to change the general perception of satellite internet, globally. The company has set out to advance global connectivity and solve one of the hardest communications problems: making the internet accessible and affordable to all. The ViaSat-2 satellite system will bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage. Its coverage zone includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. ViaSat has also chosen Arianespace to launch a ViaSat-3 class satellite, further extending the partnership between the two companies. Arianespace launches first all-electric satellite for Eutelsat with Ariane 5 EUTELSAT 172B is the 32nd satellite launched by Arianespace for Eutelsat, starting with EUTELSAT-1 F1 in 1983. Eutelsat is one of the world's leading telecom satellite operators, with a fleet of 39 satellites serving a broad range of customers. Including today's mission, Arianespace has now orbited more than half of all Eutelsat satellites. EUTELSAT 172B will increase the operator's capacity for fast-growing applications, such as in-flight and at-sea connectivity, mobile network interconnections, video and government services. It will be positioned at 172 East - a strategic orbital position providing exceptional coverage of Asia-Pacific, on land and at sea, from Alaska to Australia. Two more Eutelsat satellites are in Arianespace's order book. EUTELSAT 172B is the first all-electric telecommunications satellite to be built in Europe by Airbus, in Toulouse, France, and uses the new all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR (Electric Orbit Raising) platform. It is also the first all-electric satellite to be launched by Arianespace on an Ariane 5. Arianespace confirms its advantages: reliability, performance, availability, flexibility The payload for Flight VA237 set a new record for the mass carried into geostationary transfer orbit, totaling 10,865 kg. (9,969 kg. net for the satellites). With this performance, Ariane 5 beats its previous record of 10,737 kg. (9,856 kg. for the satellites), set on August 24, 2016 during Flight VA232. This launch brings the total performance gain achieved since the beginning of Ariane 5 ECA operations to more than 1.5 metric tons. This performance will continue to gradually increase during the coming years. A sustained launch rate, thanks to the availability of Arianespace's launcher family With six launches, all successful, between January 27 and June 1 (three by Ariane 5, two by Soyuz and one by Vega), Arianespace maintains a sustained pace of operations. To date this year, Arianespace has already orbited eight geostationary satellites, totaling 34.57 metric tons, and one Earth observation satellite. The three successful launches in less than a month - two by Ariane 5 (May 4 and June 1) and one by Soyuz (May 18) - clearly show the operational maturity of Arianespace's family of launchers. The next Ariane 5 launch, planned for June 28, will bring the total number of launches in the first half of 2017 to seven. Three more Ariane 5 missions and two with Vega are planned during the second half of the year. Arianespace at the service of in-flight connectivity The in-flight connectivity market, boosted by strong development momentum, is expected to grow by 300% in the next 10 years, with the number of Internet-enabled aircraft increasing from 5,300 in 2015 to more than 26,500 in 2025. Arianespace clearly supports these new space-based applications designed to improve people's lives, with six geostationary satellites dedicated to in-flight connectivity in its order book for future launches, plus the OneWeb low-Earth orbit constellation. Shortly after the announcement of the orbital injection of the two satellites on today's Flight VA237, Arianespace Chief Executive Officer Stephane Israel said: "With this third successful Ariane 5 launch of the year, and the 79th consecutive success in a row, Arianespace proudly delivers its service excellence to our American and European customers in support of global connectivity. The new all-time payload weight record set by this launch, which also was the first orbiting of an all-electric satellite by our heavy launcher, confirms the power and flexibility of Ariane 5. "We are very honored by the confidence shown by ViaSat Inc., which has chosen Arianespace for the second time, as well as that of the European operator Eutelsat, for whom we have launched 32 satellites since 1983. Our congratulations to Boeing, which built ViaSat-2, and to Airbus, which built EUTELSAT 172B - the first satellite to use Europe's all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR platform. ViaSat-2 was built by Boeing in El Segundo, California, using the 702HP platform. Positioned at 70 West, it will provide about 300 Gbps of throughput in Ka-band for North and Central America and the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. It weighed 6,418 kg. at liftoff and offers a design life exceeding 14 years. EUTELSAT 172B was built by Airbus in Toulouse, France, using the new all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR platform. Positioned at 172 East, EUTELSAT 172B will provide fixed and mobile services, as well as in-flight connectivity for the Asia-Pacific region. It weighed 3,551 kg. at liftoff and offers a design life exceeding 15 years. Tweet Arianespace launches SES-15 using Soyuz rocket Kourou, French Guiana (ESA) May 19, 2017 Arianespace has orbited the SES-15 telecommunications satellite for European operator SES. Liftoff took place on Thursday, May 18 at 8:54 a.m. (local time in Kourou) from the Guiana Space Center (CSG), Europe's Spaceport in French Guiana. This launch was the fifth of the year for Arianespace, and the second by Soyuz from CSG to geostationary transfer orbit (GTO), as well as the first Arian ... read more Related Links Arianespace Rocket Science News at Space-Travel.Com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Conch shells may inspire better helmets, body armor MIT researchers engineer shape-shifting food DARPA Picks Design for Next-Generation Spaceplane SDL-Supported SmallSat Launched from International Space Station Successful launch puts New Zealand in space race Russia to create new Super-Heavy Class rocket after 2025 Neptune: Neutralizer-free plasma propulsion Spaceflight buys Electron Rocket from Rocket Lab Preparations Continue Before Driving into 'Perseverance Valley' Schiaparelli landing investigation completed HI-SEAS Mission V Mars simulation marks midway point Deciphering the fluid floorplan of a planet California Woman Charged for Trying to Hand Over Sensitive Space Tech to China A cabin on the moon? China hones the lunar lifestyle China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 New Target Date for Second Iridium NEXT Launch Satellite industry supports FCC proposal to reduce internet regulations for service providers AsiaSat 9 ready for shipment SES Networks offers new hybrid resiliency service New method allows real-time monitoring of irradiated materials Neutron lifetime measurements take new shape for in situ detection Solving the riddle of the snow globe Bamboo inspires optimal design for lightness and toughness Viable Spores, DNA Fragments Discovery at ISS Justifies Biosphere's Expansion Water forms superstructure around DNA, new study shows How RNA formed at the origins of life NASA Scientist Parlays Experience to Build Ocean Worlds Instrument A whole new Jupiter with first science results from Juno First results from Juno show cyclones and massive magnetism Jupiters complex transient auroras NASA's Juno probe forces 'rethink' on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Additive > The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing Jun 2, 2017 Matt LaWell | IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Proto Labs CEO Vicki Holt discusses the future of additive manufacturing and industry challenges. ... Augmented and virtual reality could grow tenfold in the next 10 years. ... Will Bill Gates get his robot labor tax? ... Check out this robot that stacks stones. Seriously. Proto Labs president and CEO Vicki Holt. Proto Labs Advertisement Additive manufacturing is, of course, one of the major areas that will usher the industry into its next chapter of production, efficiency and, yes, public perception. As the president and CEO of Proto Labs, a Minnesota-headquartered rapid manufacturing prototype  company, Vicki Holt is a major champion for the tech. We’ve written about Holt and Proto Labs a handful of times over the last couple years, and we check in with her again to discuss the state of additive manufacturing today, some of the challenges of the tech, and a survey the company recently commissioned that might give some hope for the next generation. IndustryWeek: Additive is increasingly important, of course, and there seem to be some key areas to focus on in 2017, including speed to market. Engineers and designers need to be able to move, they need to be able to order 3-D printing when its needed, mostly for prototype development. Where are we in that respect? Vicki Holt: Let’s step back for a minute. Speed to market is critically important and there are lots of ways that companies can accelerate innovation. 3-D printing has really become part of the development process for many engineers and a lot of them have tackled them by purchasing 3-D printers and putting them in their operations. They’ll make you a part from your CAD and you have something in your hand. That alone accelerates innovation. We continue to see our 3-D printing grow as well for prototypes, and we’re more in the industrial kinds of processes, and that gets a part in their hands that’s a little more functional, particularly if you’re looking at an SLS or a DMLS, where you can get a part made in more of an engineered resin — a nylon part in SLS, metal parts that are fairly dense in DMLS. IW: In terms of pace of innovation, Moore’s Law seems to be getting faster and faster. What’s new, where could we be going, and is the pace increasing at a faster rate than Moore’s Law’s recognized two years? VH: It has gotten faster. The pace, I think it’s accelerated just in the last three to five years, with the use of different technologies, digital models like ours, the use of simulation software — all of those things are accelerating innovation. You look at some of the markets where it’s happening most often, it tends to be those markets where the world’s in a race. Let’s take robotics, drones, the world’s in a race, and the time that new things have to come to market in those spaces are much shorter. You’re looking at six months, maybe 12 months. We’ve helped some customers get products to markets from six months from the time we saw designs. It’s definitely gotten faster. Love tech? Keep up with the manufacturing technology world with the M&T Newsletter, in your inbox every Friday morning IW: What are you using to keep ahead in that race? What else is on the horizon? VH: Right now, we’ve launched an elastomeric material in 3-D printing using a poly jet technology. That allows us to print flexible materials for our customers — we currently injection-mold flexible materials with liquid silicon rubber and a number thermal plastic urethanes and elastomeric materials, and now we’ll be able to 3-D print those, as well. We’ve launched insert molding with our digital on-demand injection-molding technology now, which is a great add. IW: What are some of the hurdles you really want to get past? VH: The other one is really developing quality control approaches with 3-D printing, particularly as we get pulled into production parts. We were seeing that mostly in DMLS, but we do have some SLS production parts with customers as well, and working out all of the business processes to make sure we can do quality control. Another limitation — we talked about speed to market, pace of innovation and developing quality control — is just the cost. Material costs are pretty high, the equipment itself is high especially with depreciation, and the finishing costs are high with associated labor. Another obstacle is we need to continue to develop the skill sets of development engineers to design for 3-D printing. What that really requires is the engineer to step back and look at the final thing that they’re making and think about it from a systems point of view: If they had complete flexibility, how might they design how that would be manufactured, taking advantage of 3-D printing? That’s going to help the economics. We normally find that if a part can be made via machining or injection molding, it’s usually cheaper to do it that way than 3-D print it. However, if it’s something that literally could not be made any other way and it delivers so much value because of how it’s designed, then you can often make those economics work. IW: Do you see a convergence point, where the cost of 3-D printing catches up to machining or injection molding and it becomes more feasible to use 3-D printing on a smaller scale? VH: I think it may be a ways out. We have a digital model associated with injection molding and can make low-volume production with injection molding fairly cost-effective. Several companies have approached us to 3-D print tooling. We look at that, we’re open if there’s a more efficient way to do it, but we can actually take a CAD and custom-injection mold a tool cheaper than we could 3-D print it — and then you have a tool that isn’t going to wear down over time. … You probably have to look at it part by part. IW: Shifting gears, you recently published results of a study that said 47% of American Millennials think there will be enough qualified professionals to fill manufacturing job demands in the next decade, and that 37% of American Millennials see manufacturing as a high-tech career choice — a bigger chunk that Generation Xers (27%) and Baby Boomers (23%). (The margin of error for the survey is about 3%.) Popular Now The Dawn of the Smart Factory 12 Key Strategies to Achieving a Work-Life Balance Did Mary Barra’s Inclusive Leadership Style Propel Her to The Top? VH: We’re very interested in changing the perception of manufacturing, because we believe we’re a leader in digital manufacturing and we want to expose manufacturers to it and because we’re a growing company and we need to attract talent. As we compete for that talent, we want to the world to understand manufacturing is a high-tech business that’s changing rapidly. We commissioned this survey to help understand what our baseline is and understand what people think about manufacturing. I was thrilled with this. The fact that 37% of Millennials think manufacturing is high tech is really refreshing. It means that younger people are being exposed to things like robotics, 3-D printing, use of digital models, big data, simulation software. The challenge is still the Baby Boomers, their parents — but they haven’t been exposed to it as much. IW: What needs to happen get those numbers higher — Millennials thinking there will be enough qualified people for the jobs up over, say, 50 or 55%, and maybe 45% seeing manufacturing as a high-tech career choice? VH: The innovative manufacturers — GE, Rockwell Automation, Boeing, Lockheed Martin — we all need to be out there talking about how manufacturing is changing and getting people exposure to what’s happening. We need to bring people and their parents into plants. We’re trying to change the view of manufacturing. I think Manufacturing 4.0 and digital manufacturing is the thing that’s going to create the next big productivity improvement. Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? / DAQRI AUGMENTED, VIRTUAL, MIXED …: No matter what term you want to use for the tech (or what you want to use the tech for), augmented reality (or virtual reality, or mixed reality) is poised to become big business within the next decade. According to a new report from IDTechEx Research, the headset market is approaching $3.5 billion and should increase tenfold from there by 2027. According to report authors Harry Zervos and James Hayward, “The sustained growth of the market will be propelled forward in the short term by the growth of PC VR, … and the high volume of mobile VR will not contribute significantly to total revenues due to the low unit value. From 2021 onwards, growth will be transferred to stand alone AR, propelled forward by the launch of high performing headsets and reduced power consumption that will lead to longer battery life and independence from the grid. “Standalone VR will also make its mark, although its exact value proposition is not fully clear or even distinctly separate from standalone AR; in standalone VR, the challenge of adequate energy storage that will allow longer times between charging is magnified due to the requirements for running a high end GPU computer along with a high resolution display. In fact, both energy storage and displays for AR and VR applications are both … critical these components are for future generations of headsets.” ROBOT OF THE WEEK: The ability to stack stones might not sound all that important. I mean, really, when would that ever be needed? But think about clearing rubble, especially after a disaster, or just the robotic ability to match shapes in an optimal order. Researchers at ETH Zurich introduced a robotic arm and camera system that can autonomously stack as many as six stones into a tower and the tech … surprisingly cool and applicable. Check out the video. ROCKWELL ON IIOT: Rockwell Automation president and CEO Blake Moret discussed the Industrial Internet of Things last week at Cisco’s annual IoT World Forum in London. Some excerpts from the leader of the industrial automation company: “Manufacturers and industrial operators are discovering practical ways to apply IoT across their operations, and they’re deriving measurable business value as a result. Combining IoT technology and expertise in specific industrial applications enables better collaboration, faster problem-solving and increased productivity.” CONSUMER CATCHING UP TO INDUSTRIAL: A new report from Parks Associates indicates that 45% of American broadband homes already use a voice-enabled personal assistant, and that more than 440 million connected consumer devices will be sold in the United States in 2020. (Why is so much predicted for 2020? Is it just the nice, round number? The double number? Should we just blame Roone Arledge?) This obviously includes a lot of personal assistants, like the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Those numbers obviously dwarf the industrial space, and it’s heartening to see IoT tech adopted more widely. How much better will it be — for consumer and industrial — three years from now? COMINGS AND GOINGS: AR enterprise software company Upskill, which was recently involved with the Industry Manufacturing & Technology Conference and Expo as a tech panelist, has a new COO. Jeremy Kirsch worked previously as EVP and GM for worldwide sales for Opower (which had been acquired by Oracle), where he grew revenue from $1 million to $150 million. The company also recently Pristine, a SaaS provider and AR collaboration and video streaming software. … ABB inaugurated its new Canadian headquarters in Montreal late last month, a physical embodiment of a $90 million commitment to the country and, in turn, to North America. ABB Canada president Nathalie Pilon said the move, “allows greater collaboration with our business partners and with the academic and research sectors.” Ah’ll be bahck. / The Rock and Roll Times QUOTE OF THE WEEK: “No way. No way.” — Andrus Ansip, former Estonian prime minister and current European Commissioner for Digital Single Market, when asked if he supported Bill Gates’ suggested tax on robots who fill positions previously held by humans. Gates first mentioned his robot tax during a February interview with Quartz, saying, “If a human worker does $50,000 of work in a factory, that income is taxed. If a robot comes in to do the same thing, you'd think we'd tax the robot at a similar level.” Ansip responded Thursday at a tech conference in Vienna: “I fully agree that we have to tax bad habits, for example pollution, or smoking, or drinking alcoholic drinks, this I can understand.” Taxing robot production, though, Ansip said, seemed like “taxing progress.” Instead, Ansip is a proponent of providing skills for displaced workers. “People have a right to be afraid. I believe in progress — progress always created more jobs than progress used to destroy. We cannot stop progress. The train is moving, speed is growing and now it's up to us to be on that train or just wave to the leaving train. I think that last one is not an option for us. A lot of people will lose their jobs but our municipalities, national parliaments, the European Union and also entrepreneurs, business people need to provide skills to those people who will lose their jobs.” This is not the last we have heard about this. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The Tech Column: SAP Eyes a Future Filled with Machine Learning The Tech Column: A Shocking New Way to Teach Skills The Tech Column: A Cleveland Postcard from the #mfgTechShow 1 Hedge-Fund Billionaire Muscles in on GE Bid for 3-D Printing Company 3-D Printing a Major Theme of SXSW Technology Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Germany Finds Emission-cheating Gear on 24,000 Audis in Europe Slower Hiring, Unemployment Drop Give Mixed U.S. Labor Signs Honeywell Faces EU Antitrust Complaint for Car Coolant The Harry Potter Problem: Define the Why to Succeed With Your Machine Learning Project The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 5 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Electric Cars Soon Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Autos, Research Shows Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 03 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi King Abdulaziz Airport serves 7.3mln Umrah pilgrims so far Thomsun Group to invest $54.49mln in consumer electronics retailing Saudi Mobily partners with Microsoft for cloud computing services UAE's Jumeirah Group seeks to offset market challenges Dubai's Meraas Holding has issued $400mln sukuk GII to launch GCC's first Shariah-compliant monthly dividend REIT Dubai’s Grade A offices surge on demand gains Season of giving: Dubai developers time payment schemes to perfection Jordan's new Aqaba terminal 80% completed State-of-the-art new airport in Jeddah on track for completion Dubai's Meraas Holding has issued $400mln sukuk Lebanon's private bank to launch $1bln infrastructure vehicle Iran complying with key limits of nuclear deal, says IAEA Russia's Sechin questions oil cuts deal as U.S. ups output German RWE confirms delivery of first LNG from Qatargas Russia's Rosneft expands in Iraq's Kurdistan Goldman Sachs applies for Saudi equities trading licence Banks in Qatar to see loan surge in Ramadan UAE's banking deposits for less than three months hit $117bln in Q1 GII to launch GCC's first Shariah-compliant monthly dividend REIT Dubai's Meraas Holding has issued $400mln sukuk Emirates NBD Capital sets sights on sukuk ETF UAE's Council for Fatwa, Sharia Board for banking and finance Dubai's Mashreq bank signs up for SWIFT global payments innovation India's RCom gets reprieve on its debts until end 2017 Saudi Mobily partners with Microsoft for cloud computing services Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Tested on all fronts, Iran's Rouhani may struggle on reforms East Libyan forces advance in strategic oasis towns Iran in talks with Russia-led EEU on free-trade pact Lebanon election needs at least 6 months preparation-minister France says Bahrain tensions putting brake on national reconciliation UAE is third most peaceful country in region Bahrain sovereign fund CEO says hopes to invest in Aramco IPO Bahrain wealth fund says has "impressive" Russian deal pipeline Lebanon election needs at least 6 months preparation-minister Jordan's new Aqaba terminal 80% completed US hikes 'combat power' in Syria, with eye on Iran-backed militia 10,000 refugees mass at camp north of Syrian city East Libyan forces advance in strategic oasis towns Egypt ratifies long-awaited law aimed at luring investment NATO confirms support for Egypt in its war against terrorism Egypt says next review for IMF lending programme to be in November or December India's RCom gets reprieve on its debts until end 2017 World pledges to save 'Mother Earth' despite Trump's snub to climate pact Iran complying with key limits of nuclear deal, says IAEA Russia's Rosneft expands in Iraq's Kurdistan Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Global equities attract largest inflows in 5 weeks Russia's Sechin questions oil cuts deal as U.S. ups output German RWE confirms delivery of first LNG from Qatargas Russia's Rosneft expands in Iraq's Kurdistan Global equities attract largest inflows in 5 weeks Goldman Sachs applies for Saudi equities trading licence Bahrain sovereign fund CEO says hopes to invest in Aramco IPO World stocks hit record high as upbeat data boosts confidence Yuan, rupee seen weakening over coming year: Reuters poll Egypt keeps customs exchange rate at EGP16.5/$ in June Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Dollar firms against sterling, euro amid political uncertainties Russia's Sechin questions oil cuts deal as U.S. ups output German RWE confirms delivery of first LNG from Qatargas Asia gasoline outshines jet fuel, diesel as supply shrinks Gold steadies as U.S. private-sector jobs data bolsters dollar Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dos and don’ts for taking pictures on airplanes U.N. rights chief calls for Bahrain probe into protester deaths Online apps to report Sharjah violations Iran complying with key limits of nuclear deal, says IAEA Kuwait ministry to limit family visas Egypt ratifies long-awaited law aimed at luring investment Robocop joins Dubai Police to fight real life crime NATO confirms support for Egypt in its war against terrorism U.N. rights chief calls for Bahrain probe into protester deaths Amnesty: Bahrain must investigate activist torture claims Robocop joins Dubai Police to fight real life crime Car bomb explodes in eastern Saudi Arabia Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August Oman makes property brokers registration mandatory Regulators ensure compliance by money exchange houses in Qatar Oman companies change working hours to comply with mid-day break rule Dos and don’ts for taking pictures on airplanes Saudi actor wins court case against apostasy accuser Qatar urges consumers to avoid excessive spending in Ramadan 'Firm implementation' of anti-smoking laws pledged in Jordan Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Innovative airport sleep lounge ‘sleep ‘n fly’ opens at Dubai DXB Riyadh governor inaugurates Al-Faisal Museum for Arab-Islamic Art First ladies-only Ramadan tent opens in Dubai UAE's Etihad Airways deploys A380 on all flights to JFK 'Firm implementation' of anti-smoking laws pledged in Jordan Lebanon’s smoking regulations dead, doctor says Syria opens its first solar-powered hospital aiming to save more lives Ramadan Tips: Avoid overeating between iftar and suhoor Riyadh governor inaugurates Al-Faisal Museum for Arab-Islamic Art Online apps to report Sharjah violations First ladies-only Ramadan tent opens in Dubai Ramadan Night Market opens in Dubai tonight Saudi King Abdulaziz Airport serves 7.3mln Umrah pilgrims so far Innovative airport sleep lounge ‘sleep ‘n fly’ opens at Dubai DXB UAE's Jumeirah Group seeks to offset market challenges UAE's Etihad Airways deploys A380 on all flights to JFK Jennifer Garner disowns post-Affleck dating story Saudi-owned TV drama fights Islamic State propaganda Netflix to produce Turkish original series Lebanese ministry bans Wonder Woman film Cricket-Classy Root adds silk to England's batting steel Champions Trophy: Advantage India against Pakistan Champions Trophy: Underdog tag to suit Pakistan in big game Talking Point: Gayle & Co will be missed in Champions Trophy Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Technology Article technology Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service 02 June, 2017 A sign for Qatar airlines hangs at JFK International Airport in New York, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson REUTERS/Lucas Jackson LONDON, June 2 (Reuters) - Britain's Inmarsat said on Friday it had ordered a satellite from Thales Alenia Space to increase capacity on its broadband network as Qatar Airways signed up to use the service to provide in-flight connectivity. Inmarsat said the new satellite, which would cost about $130 million over three years from 2017 to its launch in 2019, would serve the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. The company said the Qatar Airways deal, which will initially be available to passenger on board more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s, would take the number of aircraft using its Global Xpress service to more than 1,000. As well as the Middle Eastern carrier, Inmarsat has mandates from Deutsche Lufthansa Group, International Airlines Group, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle for the high-speed global network. Advertisement (Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton) ((paul.sandle@thomsonreuters.com; +44 20 7542 6843; Reuters Messaging: paul.sandle.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: qatar Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Lebanese Credit Insurer appoints Dominique Charpentier as its new Chairman 31 May 2017 Swedish Ericsson appoints Mathias Johansson to head global customer unit STC, Ericsson SAUDI Arabia and Egypt 31 May 2017 Noura Binhadyia appointed Manager of Sharjah's Knowledge without Borders 31 May 2017 Bahrain's Alba announces the appointment of Acting Chief Operations Officer 30 May 2017 UAE's SHUAA Capital appoints Fawad Tariq Khan as General Manager 30 May 2017 Renu Misra is the new German GROHE President Middle East, Africa and East Mediterranean 30 May 2017  from Memac Ogilvy PR Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
WWWEB FINANCIAL GROUP DigitalLook Bolsamanía BOLSAMANÍA LATAM   MEXICO - ARGENTINA - PERÚ - COLOMBIA - CHILE FINANCIALRED 02.06.2017 | Updated at 19:35 LOGIN LATEST NEWS MARKET PULSE COMP. NEWS INTERN. NEWS markets close in:   London Closed   -   New york Closed   -   Tokyo Closed 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals 02 Jun Week ahead: Traders brace for election results 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower 02 Jun Director dealings: Selling Simons at B&M and Draper Esprit 02 Jun Live | UK General Election: Ipsos Mori poll shows Tory lead shrinking to five points 11 Nov Live | US Presidential Election 2016 - Trump claims shock victory to become president-elect 03 Oct Live | Ryder Cup: Europe and USA go to battle at Hazeltine 02 Jun BA data firm denies human error caused delay chaos 02 Jun Acacia Mining hopeful of Tanzania resolution soon 02 Jun Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower 02 Jun US trade deficit widens more than expected in April Menú UK Shares Market Data Funds ETFs News Spread Bet Brokers Co. Diary My Account Research + Home UK Shares Home Social Trading Sectors & Indices Results Broker Views Director Dealings IPO Centre AIM / Small Caps Centre Company A-Z Market Data International Shares Social Trading Gilts Currencies Commodities UK Companieshouse Funds Funds Centre Social Trading Managers News ETFs Overview Social Trading Education Screener Performance Tables News Search News Company News Brexit News Economic News Market Reports Market Reports UK Small Caps News New Issues Political News International Companies Broker News Commodities News Week Ahead News Maps / Most Popular Newspaper Reports Bonds News Currencies News Editor's Pick Expert Views Investment Companies News Personal Finance News News Pulse Regulatory News Last News News Archive Research FX Centre Portfolio Research + Home Research HOME RESEARCH + Portfolios & Watchlists Terminal Charting Charting Screening Tools Heatmaps Visual Tools Level 2 Education Guides New Terminal Social Trading My Account Home Portfolios & Watchlists Portfolio & Market Alerts Trigger Alerts Screener Alerts Account Details Training & Events I-Look Social Trading Co. Diary Home Social Trading Sectors & Indices Results Broker Views Director Dealings IPO Centre AIM / Small Caps Centre Company A-Z FTSE 100 View all indices 7,547.63 Var.% 0.05% Var. 3.86 02 Jun International Shares Social Trading Gilts Currencies Commodities UK Companieshouse FTSE 100 View all indices 7,547.63 Var.% 0.05% Var. 3.86 02 Jun Funds Centre Social Trading Managers News Overview Social Trading Education Screener Performance Tables News Search Company News Economic News Market Reports UK New Issues International Companies Commodities News News Maps / Most Popular Bonds News Editor's Pick Investment Companies News News Pulse Last News Brexit News Market Reports Small Caps News Political News Broker News Week Ahead Newspaper Reports Currencies News Expert Views Personal Finance News Regulatory News News Archive 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals 02 Jun Week ahead: Traders brace for election results 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower Learn Strategies Social Trading Home Social Trading Forex Shares Binary Options CFDs Futures Options Spread Betting Home Portfolios & Watchlists Portfolio & Market Alerts Trigger Alerts Screener Alerts Account Details Training & Events I-Look Social Trading Home Research Portfolios & Watchlists Charting Screening Tools Visual Tools Education Guides Social Trading HOME RESEARCH + Terminal Charting Heatmaps Level 2 New Terminal Ftse 1007,547.630.05% Dow Jones21,206.290.29% CAC405,343.410.47% Nikkei20,177.281.60% DAX3012,822.941.25% Advertising Inmarsat dashes takeover rumours with contract announcements Oliver Haill Sharecast | 02 Jun, 2017 08:36 - Updated: 11:22 | | | Inmarsat 843.00 -0.18%-1.50 Max: 865.00 Min: 833.50 Volume: 2,360,174 MM 200 : n/a 17:17 02/06/17 FTSE 250 20,002.75 -0.04%-7.87 Max: 20,081.74 Min: 19,974.45 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:19 02/06/17 FTSE 350 4,186.81 0.04%1.49 Max: 4,212.91 Min: 4,182.39 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:19 02/06/17 FTSE All-Share 4,129.13 0.04%1.45 Max: 4,154.11 Min: 4,124.92 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:30 02/06/17 Mobile Telecommunications 5,192.66 0.22%11.16 Max: 5,230.67 Min: 5,163.79 Volume: 0 MM 200 : n/a 17:19 02/06/17 Dashing hopes of takeover talks that had emerged earlier in the week, Inmarsat published two announcements on Friday, but these were to reveal two new satellite contracts. The FTSE 250 mobile satellite communications provider has issued a contract to build another of its Global Xpress broadband satellites, which followed a "material commitment" from Qatar Airways as it signed up for Inmarsat's advanced new in-flight broadband service. Construction of the very high throughput satellite (V-HTS) will cost Inmarsat $130m over the three years 2017 to 2019 and is within the company's existing capital expenditure guidance. The satellite, which is targeted for launch in 2019 but the launch provider has not been agreed yet, will add to Inmarsat's existing GX high-speed global broadband network and provide internet capacity across the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. Inmarsat said the satellite will be able to deliver very low cost per bit thanks to the combination of the latest satellite technology and a focus on areas of high demand to drive high capacity utilisation. The construction contract award has been made following the commitment by Qatar Airways announced on Friday to adopt GX Aviation for its in-flight connectivity, which will allow passengers to browse the internet, stream videos, check social media and more during flights, "with an on board connectivity experience on par with broadband services available on the ground". GX Aviation technology has already been equipped on Qatar Airways' latest Airbus A350s and retrofit installation on the airline's remaining Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s will begin this summer. The new satellite will also support the rapid adoption by other airlines of GX Aviation both in Europe and through the major Europe/Asia aviation traffic corridor and will enhance the delivery of GX services to other market segments in the region. Inmarsat is due to carry out more than 1,000 aircraft installations under mandates won from airlines including Lufthansa, International Airlines Group, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines and Norwegian Air. Softbank rumours On Thursday, the satellite services group's shares had rocketed higher after reports emerged of it was in talks with SoftBank Group about a possible tie-up with the Japanese conglomerate's satellite startup OneWeb. Following widespread reports that rival satellite firm Intelsat's bondholders have rejected a proposal to combine with OneWeb, news wires reported that the Japanese tech conglomerate has started talks with alternative satellite partners, including Inmarsat. Analysts at RBC Capital Markets reckoned Inmarsat would be open to an approach, with its £3.8bn market cap affordable to SoftBank and providing significant ground assets to help OneWeb to hurdle barriers to entry in its plans to spread affordable internet connectivity around the globe. "If Inmarsat has received an approach, or is in talks with SoftBank, it will be required under the UK listing rules to make a RNS disclosure," RBC said. "In our view, since there has been a high degree of specificity in the press reporting and a material share price move, if Inmarsat makes no RNS announcement we should assume, by deduction, that there has not been any approach." Advertising More news 02 Jun Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals European stocks barreled higher as investors continued to search for yield against a backdrop of improving macro data, according to strategists, with cyclical issues like auto and parts manufacturers and chemicals pacing gains. 02 Jun FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower Sterling gained a ace on an out-of-form greenback but otherwise was listing lower on political jitters surrounding the upcoming UK general election. 02 Jun London close: Commodity losses, weak US May jobs report cap gains After beginning on a chipper note, the FTSE 100 gradually lost its shine and slipped back towards its starting levels over the course of Friday trading, undermined by weak commodity prices and disappointing jobs data in the States, in that order. 02 Jun Director dealings: Selling Simons at B&M and Draper Esprit Simon Arora at B&M European Value and Simon Cook of Draper Esprit both sold a chunk of shares in their respective companies. 02 Jun Acacia Mining hopeful of Tanzania resolution soon Acacia Mining hopes to speak to the Tanzanian government in the coming "one to two weeks" to resolve a dispute in which the gold miner was accused of under-reporting the amount of gold it was exporting. 02 Jun Apple, Facebook, Goldman condemn Trump's Paris withdrawal A raft of major US tech companies have condemned Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the US from the Paris climate agreement, including Facebook and Google. 02 Jun AFH Financial acquires Suffolk-based Euinsure Financial planning-led wealth management firm AFH Financial Group announced the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Eunisure on Friday, which it described as a face to face adviser-led financial planning business focused on the protection market based in Newmarket, Suffolk. 02 Jun Altitude Group completes £0.8m acquisition of AdProducts.com Personalised products marketplace provider Altitude Group announced on Friday that it had completed the acquisition of the trade and “certain assets” of AdProducts.com. 02 Jun US non-farm payrolls rise by 138,000 in May Job creation in the States slowed last month, surprising economic forecasters. 02 Jun Pound slips as further poll shows Labour closing gap on Tories With less than a week to go before the UK general election, opinion polls continued to show Labour gaining ground and the Conservative party's share of the vote shrinking. The most read News Technology Small Caps Acacia Mining hopeful of Tanzania resolution soon Week ahead: Traders brace for election results Commodities: Crude dives on US drilling fears after Trump quit Paris accord London close: Commodity losses, weak US May jobs report cap gains Pound slips as further poll shows Labour closing gap on Tories FX round-up: Cable up an ace despite sterling's wider list lower Director dealings: Selling Simons at B&M and Draper Esprit US trade deficit widens more than expected in April Europe close: Dax at new highs on strength in autos, chemicals BA data firm denies human error caused delay chaos • See the full list • BA data firm denies human error caused delay chaos Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race Apple, Facebook, Goldman condemn Trump's Paris withdrawal Vipera signs multi-country payments deal with Bankart Cohort subsidiary awarded another two MoD contracts Google plans to build new 'landscraper' London HQ • See the full list • Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race Ormonde announces progress on Barruecopardo Project AFH Financial acquires Suffolk-based Euinsure Atalaya to study possible expansion at Proyecto Riotinto Vipera signs multi-country payments deal with Bankart Altitude Group completes £0.8m acquisition of AdProducts.com Cohort subsidiary awarded another two MoD contracts WYG awarded three contracts in UK, Africa TomCo Energy reveals details of five-way partnership Draper Esprit raises another £100m • See the full list • TOP MOVERS FTSE 100 FTSE 100 FTSE 250 FTSE 250 Company Value Chg Time Randgold Resources Ltd. 7.655,00p n/a 4,01% 17:03 Fresnillo 1.651,00p n/a 3,77% 17:03 Convatec Group 342,60p n/a 3,57% 17:08 Old Mutual 197,00p n/a 3,30% 17:11 Mediclinic International 797,50p n/a 2,11% 17:11 Company Value Chg Time Taylor Wimpey 184,80p n/a -2,74% 17:02 Marks & Spencer Group 367,70p n/a -2,03% 17:12 United Utilities Group 1.002,00p n/a -1,96% 17:03 Intu Properties 271,90p n/a -1,91% 17:08 Whitbread 4.214,00p n/a -1,70% 17:12 Company Value Chg Time Greggs 1.123,00p n/a 3,12% 17:02 Dechra Pharmaceuticals 1.954,00p n/a 2,79% 16:50 Greencore Group 248,40p n/a 2,77% 17:02 Daejan Holdings 6.735,00p n/a 2,59% 16:52 Redefine International 38,96p n/a 2,28% 17:00 Company Value Chg Time Tullow Oil 176,00p n/a -5,38% 17:06 Cairn Energy 196,30p n/a -3,21% 17:14 McCarthy & Stone 179,50p n/a -2,66% 17:03 B&M European Value Retail S.A. (DI) 361,30p n/a -2,46% 17:09 Computacenter 837,00p n/a -2,39% 17:02 FEATURED Live | UK General Election: Ipsos Mori poll shows Tory lead shrinking to five points All the latest news as the UK counts down to a general election on 8 June. Advertising Market buzz View all 02 Jun Friday newspaper round-up: Tax evasion, M&S, BoE 01 Jun Thursday newspaper round-up: BA, Deliveroo, UK growth, AkzoNobel 31 May Wednesday newspaper round-up: poll shock, Ladbrokes, Allied Irish, BT Small caps View all 02 Jun Ormonde announces progress on Barruecopardo Project 02 Jun Gfinity partnering with Microsoft for virtual Le Mans race 02 Jun TomCo Energy reveals details of five-way partnership Expert views View all 24 May Comment: Fed minutes could set the market straight 16 May Comment: Which sectors are driving the S&P 500 higher? 10 May Comment: Cable testing 1.30 ahead of key BoE inflation report Advertising Information About Web Financial Group Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Brands Bolsamania Fxmania Warrantmania Digital Look Sharecast Aboutstocks Contact Contact us Help Help FAQ's Tool Guides Glossary Share Prices UK Shares Funds International Shares Gilts Currencies Commodities News Home Market Reports Company News Small Caps News Economic News Political News Broker News New Issues Week Ahead International Companies Newspaper Reports Commodities News Currencies News News Maps / Most Popular Expert Views Bonds News Personal Finance News Editor's Picks Regulatory News Investment Companies News Latest Premium News News Archive News Pulse Research Home Research Plus Portfolios & Watchlists Charting Screening Tools Visual Tools Education Guides Research + Home Real Time Real Time Terminal Quotes and Trades Charting Portfolio Heat Maps Level 2 My Account Home Portfolios & Watchlists Portfolio & Market Alerts Trigger Alerts Screener Alerts Account Details Training & Events ETFs Fx Centre Portfolio i-Look Company Diary Advertising Corporate Solutions Sitemap 2017 © digitallook.com • A Web Financial Group Company
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Satellite Propulsion System market is Projected to grow at 4.09% CAGR during the period 2017-2021. Network Consulting Industry research report also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. About Satellite Propulsion System market Satellite Propulsion System may be defined as all forms of illumination that are used to see an object, person, or the surrounding. In general Satellite Propulsion System, we see the world around us. In automotive Satellite Propulsion System, we see the roads and paths when driving, and in backSatellite Propulsion System, we see the illumination from behind used in display technology and devices. Research analysts forecast the global Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at a CAGR of 4.09% during the period 2017-2021. This premium research report is now available with a USD 1000 discount on listed prices for a limited time – request your discount at @  https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/60485 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global Satellite Propulsion System market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue from the sale of new products units only. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas, APAC, EMEA Research report, Global Satellite Propulsion System Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request a sample copy of Satellite Propulsion System market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/60485/?utm_source=SPR-NL Key vendors – Aerojet Rocketdyne, Airbus, Bellatrix Aerospace, Boeing, OHB, Safran Other prominent vendors – BALL CORPORATION, Mitsubishi Electric, Orbital ATK, Thales Market driver Low-cost propulsion systems for micro and nano satellites For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Cost-intensive satellite launch programs For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Propulsion by inert gases For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Find out more @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-satellite-propulsion-system-market Related Reports: – 2017-2022 Satellite Electric Propulsion System Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications This report studies the Satellite Electric Propulsion System market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Satellite Electric Propulsion System market by product type and applications/end industries. https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-2022-satellite-electric-propulsion-system-report-on-global-and-united-states-market About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsSatellite Propulsion System, Satellite Propulsion System Market, Satellite Propulsion System market forecast, Satellite Propulsion System market Industry, Satellite Propulsion System market Industry Size, Satellite Propulsion System Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ultra-high Molecular Weight Polyethylene (UHMWPE) Market Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis and Development Trends 2017-2022 Next PostNext Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Riassunto: Due alti dirigenti Le Vision Pictures e Le Vision Entertainment saliranno sul palcoscenico in occasione degli interventi di apertura al CES Asia 2017 Global Food Industry Robot Market Key Trends, Size, Growth, Shares and Forecast Professional Survey Report 2017 North America Licensed Sports Merchandise Market Key Trends, Size, Growth, Shares and Forecast Research Report 2016 Baby Nutrition Insights: Issue 31: Now Available at Researchmoz.us New economic partnership with Africa Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Science News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 3:16am EDT Inmarsat orders new satellite as Qatar Airways takes its broadband service LONDON Britain's Inmarsat said on Friday it had ordered a satellite from Thales Alenia Space to increase capacity on its broadband network as Qatar Airways signed up to use the service to provide in-flight connectivity. Inmarsat said the new satellite, which would cost about $130 million over three years from 2017 to its launch in 2019, would serve the Middle East, Europe and the Indian subcontinent. The company said the Qatar Airways deal, which will initially be available to passenger on board more than 130 Airbus A350s and Boeing 777s, would take the number of aircraft using its Global Xpress service to more than 1,000. As well as the Middle Eastern carrier, Inmarsat has mandates from Deutsche Lufthansa Group, International Airlines Group, Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle for the high-speed global network. (Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Science News Scientists detect Einstein gravitational waves for a third time Scientists have for a third time detected ripples in space from black holes that crashed together billions of light years from Earth, a discovery that confirms a new technique for observing cataclysmic events in the universe, research published on Thursday shows. U.S. probe to make unprecedented plunge into sun's atmosphere (The June 1 story corrects distance in 3rd paragraph to 140 million from 1.4 billion) UK space firms may need EU units after Brexit: space chief in FT FRANKFURT British companies may need to set up subsidiaries in continental Europe to take part in multibillion-euro space programs funded by the European Union after Britain leaves the EU, the head of Europe's space agency told the Financial Times. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 03/06/2017 12:29:24 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   government Last update 12:05 | 02/06/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his entourage returned to Hanoi on June 2, concluding the US visit from May 29-31 at the invitation of President Donald Trump.  Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L) and US President Donald Trump It was the first visit to the US by the PM in his role as head of government. In Washington DC, PM Phuc and President Trump held talks and met the press. It was their first meeting since the two nations chose new leadership.  During talks, the two leaders expressed their delight at the development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership in diverse areas, bilaterally and multilaterally and agreed that there are opportunities ahead to develop ties further.  Host and guest committed to developing stable, long-term, constructive and mutually beneficial ties for the sake of the two countries and for peace, stability, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and the world, on the basis of compliance with the United Nations Charter and international law, respect to independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the political regimes of each other.  They vowed to boost bilateral links in humanitarian affairs, post-war recovery, people-to-people exchange, science-technology, education-training, health care and national defence-security.  Both sides underscored the importance of maritime and aviation freedom in the East Sea and expressed support for peaceful settlement of disputes in line with international law, including respecting diplomatic and legal processes.  They also lauded the progress of negotiations on a Code of Conduct in the East Sea.  Trump stated that the US supports ASEAN’s central role, the promotion of the US-ASEAN strategic partnership and Vietnam’s hosting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 2017, saying that he looks forward to visiting Vietnam in November to attend the APEC Leaders’ Meeting.  Following the talks, the two sides issued a joint statement on Vietnam-US Relations.  While in the capital, the Vietnamese leader met with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, had phone calls with four congressional leaders and attended a banquet hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  In New York, he met United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and attended a ceremony celebrating Vietnam’s 40-years of UN membership.  During his stay, the PM met and talked with business executives from NASDAQ, ExxonMobil, Coca Cola, Nike, Boeing, ASG, McKinsey, General Electrics, Murphy Oil and Hilton.  While attending a round-table conference on Vietnam-US investment and financial cooperation and a banquet hosted by the US Chamber of Commerce and the US-ASEAN Business Council  with hundreds of US firms and several Vietnamese companies in attendance, the PM witnessed the signing of 19 deals worth nearly 12 billion USD.  Meeting with US politicians and scholars at the Heritage Foundation, the world’s leading institution on independent policy research, he delivered a keynote speech entitled “Opportunities, challenges to peace, security, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and development of Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership”.  VNA PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit, Government news, Vietnam breaking news, politic news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, vn news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on National Assembly discusses $16 billion Long Thanh airport project President welcomes US Senator John McCain Law on Legal Assistance focus of NA discussion on June 1 PM Prayut Chan-o-cha: Vietnam-Thailand ties at peak NA leader calls for US Congress support for increased trade Vietnam, Netherlands share visions on financial policy enforcement State asked to apologise to wrongfully convicted Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc concludes official visit to US Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, US President Donald Trump hold talks PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc greets US Secretary of Commerce     Top Stories Tam Thanh - the fishing village of murals $4.4 billion enough to build hi-tech agriculture in Vietnam? Made-in-Vietnam radioactive drugs cannot meet demand Parents worry about children's safety at school Ly Son – the pearl in blue sea Must-see old assembly halls in Hoi An The nouveau riche in the real estate market Digital device distributors march toward rural areas Two dollar billionaires: does Vietnam need more? Mid-end smartphone segment cramped with many players Latest News No headmasters no year-end certificates of merit HCM City launches digital traffic app Chau Son abbey is a rare jewel Innocence of Vietnam's mountainous children Life skills taught to HCM City blind students VN Television requests OTT suppliers to conform to copyright law Billiards player Nguyen credits success to passion, luck Khanh Hoa's Can River damaged by sand mines Sacred spaces and legends in Yen Bai soothe and restore the spirit Where there’s no monkey business with primates     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Discovery Vietnamplus Search × Categories Politics World ASEAN Society Business Culture - Sports Sci-Tech Health Environment Travel Destinations Festival Tours Media Center Photo Video Infographics Timeline Saturday, June 03, 2017 - 14:06:16 Thang Long - Hanoi Fatherland Sea & Islands Tiếng Việt  |  English  |  Français  |  Español  |  中文 Politics PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc returns to Hanoi, concludes US visit VNA Friday, June 02, 2017 - 11:18:00 Print Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L) and US President Donald Trump (Source: VNA) Hanoi (VNA) – Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and his entourage returned to Hanoi on June 2, concluding the US visit from May 29-31 at the invitation of President Donald Trump. It was the first visit to the US by the PM in his role as head of government. In Washington DC, PM Phuc and President Trump held talks and met the press. It was their first meeting since the two nations chose new leadership. During talks, the two leaders expressed their delight at the development of the bilateral comprehensive partnership in diverse areas, bilaterally and multilaterally and agreed that there are opportunities ahead to develop ties further. Host and guest committed to developing stable, long-term, constructive and mutually beneficial ties for the sake of the two countries and for peace, stability, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and the world, on the basis of compliance with the United Nations Charter and international law, respect to independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the political regimes of each other. They vowed to boost bilateral links in humanitarian affairs, post-war recovery, people-to-people exchange, science-technology, education-training, health care and national defence-security. Both sides underscored the importance of maritime and aviation freedom in the East Sea and expressed support for peaceful settlement of disputes in line with international law, including respecting diplomatic and legal processes. They also lauded the progress of negotiations on a Code of Conduct in the East Sea. Trump stated that the US supports ASEAN’s central role, the promotion of the US-ASEAN strategic partnership and Vietnam’s hosting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 2017, saying that he looks forward to visiting Vietnam in November to attend the APEC Leaders’ Meeting. Following the talks, the two sides issued a joint statement on Vietnam-US Relations. While in the capital, the Vietnamese leader met with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue, had phone calls with four congressional leaders and attended a banquet hosted by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. In New York, he met United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and attended a ceremony celebrating Vietnam’s 40-years of UN membership. During his stay, the PM met and talked with business executives from NASDAQ, ExxonMobil, Coca Cola, Nike, Boeing, ASG, McKinsey, General Electrics, Murphy Oil and Hilton. While attending a round-table conference on Vietnam-US investment and financial cooperation and a banquet hosted by the US Chamber of Commerce and the US-ASEAN Business Council  with hundreds of US firms and several Vietnamese companies in attendance, the PM witnessed the signing of 19 deals worth nearly 12 billion USD. Meeting with US politicians and scholars at the Heritage Foundation, the world’s leading institution on independent policy research, he delivered a keynote speech entitled “Opportunities, challenges to peace, security, cooperation and development in Asia-Pacific and development of Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership”. -VNA Related News Politics Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc concludes official visit to US Politics Prime Minister highlights stronger Vietnam-US parliamentary ties Business Vietjet signs multi-billion USD deals during PM’s official trip to US Politics Prime Minister meets US scholars Politics Joint statement for enhancing Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc entourage talks President Donald Trump comprehensive partnership United Nations Charter international law APEC Vietnam Vietnam news VietnamPlus Vietnam News Agency United States Vietnam Your comments about this article ... Submit Cancel Most Popular 01/06/2017 Politics Joint statement for enhancing Vietnam-US comprehensive partnership 01/06/2017 Politics PM Phuc, President Trump talk ways to advance Vietnam-US ties 28/05/2017 Politics Prime Minister’s visit set to forward Vietnam-US relations 01/06/2017 Politics President welcomes US Senator John McCain 28/05/2017 Politics American expert: Vietnam continues to be important partner of US 28/05/2017 Politics Increasing visits show growing Vietnam-US ties: ambassador Others 01/06/2017 PM Prayut Chan-o-cha: Vietnam-Thailand ties at peak 01/06/2017 Vietnam, Netherlands share visions on financial policy enforcement 01/06/2017 HCM City leader hosts Slovak Deputy Prime Minister 01/06/2017 President welcomes US Senator John McCain 01/06/2017 Law on Legal Assistance focus of NA discussion on June 1 01/06/2017 Sympathy to Sri Lanka over calamity losses 01/06/2017 Czech President to pay State visit to Vietnam 01/06/2017 Congratulations to new Prime Minister of RoK Intellectual Property Terms Of Use RSS Support Languages VNA News Service Advertisement Contact © Copyright, VietnamPlus, Vietnam News Agency (VNA). Editor-in-chief, Mr. Le Quoc Minh. Licence No. 1374/GP-BTTTT dated September 11, 2008 by the Ministry of Information and Communications. Tel: (+84 4) 3941.1349 - Fax: (+84 4) 3941.1348 - Email: vietnamplus@vnanet.vn POWERED BY
ChinaUS EUROPEASIA 中文双语Français HOME CHINA CHINA-AFRICA WORLD BUSINESS CULTURE LIFESTYLE TRAVEL WATCHTHIS SPORTS OPINION FORUM VIDEO Business\Companies DJI takes to skies again, with launch of new Spark drone By DONG LESHUO in Washington | China Daily | Updated: 2017-05-26 07:09 Michael Perry, director of strategic partnerships of DJI, demonstrates the palm-sized drone Spark during an event in New York. PROVIDED TO CHINA DAILY Shenzhen-based group SZ DJI Technology Co, the world's biggest consumer drone maker, launched its new product, Spark, in New York on Wednesday, with key innovations it hopes will see the device take off in the burgeoning market. DJI said Spark is an easy-to-use camera drone that can lift off from the palm of a hand. It is also the first drone that users can control with hand gestures alone, removing the barriers between the user and the camera in the sky. Michael Perry, director of strategic partnerships at DJI, introduced Spark to around 200 people at a launch event at Grand Central Station. "Controlling a camera drone with hand movements alone is a major step toward making aerial technology an intuitive part of everyone's daily life, from work and adventure to moments with friends and family," said Paul Pan, senior product manager at DJI. "Spark's revolutionary new interface lets you effortlessly extend your point of view to the air, making it easier than ever to capture and share the world from new perspectives," Pan added. Aside from being user-friendly, DJI's drones are also known for being small and lightweight. Wired magazine wrote on Wednesday: "Isn't DJI's new drone just the cutest little thing? A one-pound drone just seven or eight inches across is something you can toss into your backpack without a second thought." "By far the coolest Spark feature is its gesture-controlled flight mode, allowing you to send the drone overhead to take an aerial photo of you and your buds with just simple hand movements." DJI claims to account for 70 percent of the global consumer drone market. According to The Economist, the company is at the forefront of the civilian-drone industry. "A Chinese firm has taken the lead in a promising market," it wrote in 2015, comparing DJI to what Boeing Co did with commercial airliners in the 1930s. "DJI is today leading the charge in transforming civilian-drone manufacturing from something for hobbyists into a proper business," the magazine wrote. The founder of DJI, Wang Tao created the world's leading drone company from his hobby, launching DJI from his dorm at Hong Kong University of Science & Technology in 2006 when he was 26. Aside from its success in the global consumer drone market, DJI is also devoting attention to industry-level drones, according to an earlier report in China Daily. In November 2016, DJI launched an upgraded agricultural drone, the MG-1S, which is equipped with an advanced flight control system, radar and sensors. Last month, DJI and Qianxun Spatial Intelligence Inc, a company that uses China's homegrown Beidou navigation satellite system for location and data analysis, announced a strategic partnership to promote the application of the navigation system in the drone industry. Related Stories DJI, Qianxun partnership to promote the BeiDou system Chinese drone-maker DJI looks to expand in LatAm DJI unveils new series of Matrice drones DJI sees jump in revenue DJI launches upgraded agricultural drone Photo Wuzhen gets smart with World Internet Conference Photos reveal how Japan celebrated Nanjing invasion How firemen put out oil tanker blaze within two hours World's 4th largest lake Aral Sea shrinking Nobel Prize 'to spur TCM development' Internet makes life in Wuzhen more convenient Top Views Most Popular EU ready to move forward with China after French election Fees charged drivers must be legal and reasonable Living in China cheaper as Asian cities get pricier Tokyo Bay area a lesson in development Aviation industry to fly on wings of C919 Strictly regulate glass-based bridges Columnists Abe aims to unchain Japan from the postwar regime Discovering China in Washington's used bookstores China-Africa ZTE eyeing growth prospects in Turkey ZTE eyeing growth prospects in Turkey BACK TO THE TOP HOME CHINA CHINA-AFRICA WORLD BUSINESS CULTURE LIFESTYLE TRAVEL WATCHTHIS SPORTS OPINION FORUM VIDEO Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are suggested for this site. License for publishing multimedia online 0108263 Registration Number: 130349 About China Daily Advertise on Site Contact Us Job Offer Expat Employment FOLLOW US
주메뉴 바로가기 콘텐츠 바로가기 1 / 2 2 / 2 2017.06.03  Sat Select Language Select Language عربي 中国语 English Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 Русский Español Tiếng Việt News News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Program Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture The Korea Travel Log Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report How To Listen Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Again News Politics Economy Inter-Korea International Domestic Culture Science Sports Latest News Video News Hot Issues of the Week Photos Charts & Stats Current Affairs in Focus Business & IT Key Business Issue Power of Small Businesses People Touch Base in Seoul Inter-Korea Korea, Today and Tomorrow Life Drama Lines Seoul Travel Tips K-Beauty & Style Culture The Korea Travel Log Sounds of Korea Korean Folktales Entertainment K-POP News Concert Info K-POP Top 10 PlayList Artists Search Backstage Chat Showcase Message Board About KBS World Radio KBS World Radio Programs KBS World Radio Quarterly Quiz Quarterly Quiz Winners Interactive PR Room Message Board Contact Us Reception Report Program Pairing English Programs Time & Frequency How to Listen (11 Languages) Shortwave Local FM/AM & Satellite Internet KONG Podcasts RSS Feeds How to Listen English Service Mobile Applications KBS World Radio Mobile KBS World Radio On-Air SNS Twitter(News) Twitter(Feature) Facebook Youtube Channel Win.K (Internet Radio ON-AIR) Win.K 24 (English) Win.K 11 Win.K MUSIC Win.K KPOP+ Win.K KPOPⓔ Latest News Listen Again Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 브라우저가 인라인 프레임을 지원하지 않거나 현재 인라인 프레임을 표시하지 않도록 설정되어 있습니다. Politics Home > News > News > Politics [Exclusive] FX Fighter Jets Procurement Project Under State Inspection Write : 2017-06-02 09:52:04 Update : 2017-06-02 10:14:36 In an exclusive report by KBS, the Board of Audit and Inspection(BAI) is confirmed to be scrutinizing the KF-X project, the largest military procurement project carried out under the former Park Geun-hye administration.   An official of the BAI told KBS that the watchdog agency sent inspectors to the Defense Acquisition Program Administration(DAPA) in April to launch an audit into the project to acquire next-generation fighter jets for the country.   The DAPA signed a seven-point-three trillion won, or six-point-five billion dollar, deal with Lockheed Martin in 2014 to buy 40 F-35A fighter jets.  Under the deal, the state arms procurer said the U.S. company would transfer 25 technologies necessary for the development of South Korea’s indigenous fighter jet, the KF-X.   However, Lockheed Martin refused to transfer four core technologies related to the fighter jet, including active electronically scanned array(AESA) radars, forcing the South Korean military to develop the AESA radar system on its own.   The BAI suspects that the expensive project had been carried out improperly, wasting taxpayers’ money and impeding the South Korean Air Force’s augmentation program.   The BAI official noted the audit was launched before the inauguration of the Moon Jae-in administration and has nothing to do with the new government.   However, the military leadership and those involved in the procurement project were known to be on the watch for the inspection given the Moon administration’s pledge to end corruption regarding military procurement.    The audit into the fighter jet procurement project is also being carried out as the government is probing military officials after they failed to report to President Moon about the delivery of four additional THAAD launchers.   In September of 2013, the DAPA voted against Boeing’s F-15 Silent Eagle, which was a sole candidate for the KF-X program, during the final bidding procedure and named Lockheed Martin’s F-35 A as the successful bidder the following year.   The decision to choose Lockheed Martin over Boeing as the sole supplier for the KF-X project was made under then Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin, who until recently served as national security adviser for the Park administration.  News List China Wants Restart of Six-Party Talks 2017-06-03 LKP, Bareun Party Consider FTC Chief Nominee Unfit for Job 2017-06-03 UN Security Council Sanctions More N. Korean Individuals, Entities 2017-06-03 FM Nominee: Resolving Sex Slavery Issue Should Center on Victims 2017-06-02 Moon Meets with Ex-UN Chief Ban 2017-06-02 Moon Promises Drafting State Program on Dementia by June 2017-06-02 Survey: Pres. Moon's Approval Rating Stands at Record 84% 2017-06-02 Gov't: S. Korean Steel Poses No Threat to US Security 2017-06-02 Pres. Moon Visits Dementia Patients in Senior Care Center 2017-06-02 US Withdraws from Paris Climate Accord 2017-06-02    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  Internet Radio On-Air Window to KBS WORLD Radio Window to KOREA Win.k 24 Win.k 11 Win.k MUSIC Win.k KPOP PLUS Win.k KPOP E Major News UN Security Council Sanctions More N. Korean Individuals, Entities Mattis: North Korea a 'Clear and Present' Danger to the World Court Rejects Arrest Warrant for Chung Yoo-ra SNS Facebook News Features Youtube More Service KBS World Radio Mobile The new app consolidates KBS World Radio’s news and feature contents with services previously provided through separate apps... < 1 / 4 > KBS World Radio On-Air On-Air app is specifically designed for quick and easy access to audio services for KBS World Radio programs in 11 languages. < 2 / 4 > RSS Service You can subscribe to KBS World Radio’s news and other Web contents through RSS < 3 / 4 > Podcasts You can download KBS World Radio News in eleven languages through Podcast KBS Radio Tune < 4 / 4 > Home About KBS World Radio Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Reception Report 관련 사이트 관련 사이트 바로가기 KBS Family Sites KBS Website KBS Website(in English) KBS America KBS Japan KBS World TV Copyright © 2013 KBS World Radio All Rights Reserved. This website is sponsored by the Korea Communications Commission.
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments By david koenig ap business writer FILE – In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that TrumpþÄôs decision would not change their plans. þÄúOur position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,þÄù said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File) DALLAS – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off – fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner – lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes – fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” — Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Democrats worry GOP trying to bury CIA torture report June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: 9/11, Crime, Democratic Party, Freedom of Information, Republican Party, Sexual assault, Terrorism - no comments WASHINGTON – Democratic lawmakers and rights groups criticized the Republican head of the Senate intelligence committee on Friday for seeking the return of copies of a report on CIA treatment of detainees after 9/11, saying he is trying to “erase… Read Post → Trump takes travel ban fight to Supreme Court June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Afghanistan, Donald Trump, Immigration, Iran, Islam, Supreme Court Towns: Greater Waterbury, Prospect CT - no comments WASHINGTON – Having so far failed to persuade judges to allow its travel ban to take effect, the Trump administration is turning to the nation’s highest court with its slim conservative majority. The Justice Department on Thursday formally asked the… Read Post → Special counsel’s Russia probe includes Manafort case June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – The special counsel investigating possible ties between President Donald Trump’s campaign and Russia’s government has taken over a separate criminal probe involving former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and may expand his inquiry to investigate the roles of… Read Post → Liverpool fetes ‘Sgt. Pepper’ with help from its friends June 2, 2017 - Featured, National - Tagged: webextra - no comments LIVERPOOL, England – It was 50 years ago, almost to the day, that Sgt. Pepper taught the band to play. The band is long gone, but the music of The Beatles still reverberates – and nowhere more loudly than in… Read Post → 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Police, Sex offenders - no comments HARRISBURG, Pa. – Penn State’s former president and two other ex-administrators were sentenced Friday to at least two months in jail for failing to report a child sexual abuse allegation against Jerry Sandusky a decade before his arrest engulfed the… Read Post → Pullout a new hurdle for diplomacy June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – As President Donald Trump announced America’s withdrawal from a global climate change pact, infuriating allies far and wide, the man charged with defending the decision to the world kept his distance. Having quietly lobbied Trump to stay in… Read Post → Deputy AG: Push for tougher sentences is not reviving drug war June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton - no comments WASHINGTON – The Justice Department’s new policy urging harsher punishments for most criminals is meant to target the worst gang members and drug traffickers, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said Friday in an effort to mollify critics who fear a… Read Post → Leaders pledge to boost climate efforts after Trump decision June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Immigration, Social media - no comments PARIS – A Malian cattle herder, German environmental activists, leaders from Mexico to China – they were among millions on Friday denouncing President Donald Trump’s decision to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Many nations pledged… Read Post → Democrats worry GOP trying to bury torture report June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: 9/11, Democratic Party, Freedom of Information, Republican Party, Terrorism - no comments WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic lawmakers and rights groups criticized the Republican head of the Senate intelligence committee on Friday for seeking the return of copies of a report on CIA treatment of detainees after 9/11. The critics claimed Sen. Richard… Read Post → Putin: ‘Don’t worry, be happy’ as Trump ditches climate deal June 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON (AP) — While other world leaders have strongly condemned President Donald Trump’s decision to abandon the Paris climate accord, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday he won’t judge. “Don’t worry, be happy!” Putin quipped after being asked for his… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Saturday’s Page One 3 hours ago 2017 Halo Award Winners 4 hours ago Raiders raise $13,000 4 hours ago Sacred Heart grads hear police chief 4 hours ago Assembly spins wheels 5 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community    Graduations    Honor rolls Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Should Connecticut join the United States Climate Alliance? Yes, the future of our planet is important No, stand by President Trump's decision View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments freepress on Malloy to uphold Paris deal on climate raycity222 on Leaders pledge to boost climate efforts after Trump decision raycity222 on More Griffin shows canceled, Franken dis-invites comedian raycity222 on Malloy to uphold Paris deal on climate Redneck on Just 8 show up for final hearing on Waterbury mayor’s $410.2M budget plan Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 05/31/2017 04-33-39-46-60 PB-06Next Drawing: Sat. Jun. 3Next Jackpot: $337.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $209.1 Mega Millions for 06/02/2017 07-42-57-69-72 MB-10 MP-3Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 6Next Jackpot: $80.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $50.2 Lotto! for 06/02/2017 06-08-10-28-32-36Next Drawing: Tue. Jun. 6Next Jackpot: $2.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,955,000 Lucky for Life for 06/01/2017 07-28-34-40-46 LB-18Next Drawing: Mon. Jun. 5 Cash5 for 06/02/2017 01-03-16-22-35 Upcoming Events Jun 3 Sat all-day Book Signing @ Barnes & Noble Bookstore Book Signing @ Barnes & Noble Bookstore Jun 3 all-day Waterbury: Book signing, “Beirut to Boston” with frequent Food Network guest star and restaurateur Chef Jay Hajj. A portion of sales will benefit Sacred Heart High School in Waterbury. Customers are encouraged to tell cashiers, both in the store and... all-day Open Days Program Garden Tour – ... @ Sudden Delight Open Days Program Garden Tour – ... @ Sudden Delight Jun 3 all-day Explore five private gardens in Barkhamsted, Canton, Collinsville, and Plantsville, open for self-guided tours to benefit the Garden Conservancy. Highlights include garden sculpture, a covered bridge, shady gardens under mature trees, a four-square perennial garden, a potager/cutting garden, and a... 9:00 am Bottle/Can Drive @ Village Square Plaza Bottle/Can Drive @ Village Square Plaza Jun 3 @ 9:00 am – 1:00 pm Will pick up. Benefit: Boy Scout Troop 5. 9:00 am Museum Open House @ White Memorial Conservation Center Museum Museum Open House @ White Memorial Conservation Center Museum Jun 3 @ 9:00 am – 5:00 pm Free admission in celebration of Connecticut Trail Days. 9:00 am Rummage/Plant Sale @ Taghhannuck Grange Hall Rummage/Plant Sale @ Taghhannuck Grange Hall Jun 3 @ 9:00 am – 2:00 pm Benefit: community projects. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All More Griffin shows canceled, Franken dis-invites comedian Malloy, lawmakers need to exhibit some courage Trump says US will abandon global climate accord Just 8 show up for final hearing on Waterbury mayor's $410.2M budget plan Wolcott teacher's other good year Today Week Month All Wolcott teacher's other good year Former Middlebury TD Bank manager allegedly robbed bank in Maine Waterbury teacher accused of theft from bank account Charge is now homicide Vickram Shamchander Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican-American 389 Meadow St., Waterbury CT 06722 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
63.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Nation & World Quitting climate deal not likely to have big impact key industries By DAVID KOENIG Associated Press Writer 9:07 pm DALLAS (AP) – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement went into effect only last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off – fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed. ... We publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner – lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes – fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Related Links Supreme Court asked to let Trump travel ban take effect Quitting climate deal not likely to have big impact key industries Moon dust bag from space museum bound for auction Police carry drug kits to save K-9s from opioid overdoses Nooses make an unwelcome comeback Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report nation-world Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â nation-world Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Chris Carlson — The Associated Press file By David Koenig, The Associated Press Posted: 06/02/17, 6:53 PM EDT | Updated: 7 hrs ago # Comments A Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Gene J. Puskar — The Associated Press DALLAS >> President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. Advertisement A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! Top Stories ‹ › Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Single-payer bill advances Jack O’Neill dies Grandma vs. TSA KD dated Bachelorette Celebrity photos Ask Amy: Former fat man Business Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Chris Carlson/File In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. By David Koenig, Associated Press | Associated Press June 2, 2017 at 2:15 pm DALLAS — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. Related Articles Downtown San Jose buying binge hits $124 million What’s in store for the Santa Clara County economy Local leaders vow to double-down on climate action with design challenge Trump expected to leave climate deal – but with ‘caveats’ Oakland airport to begin new nonstop flight to Italy “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Tags:  Economy David Koenig, Associated Press Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular California Senate passes universal health care plan Tristan Thompson and Khloe Kardashian: are they really having a baby together? Kevin Durant had college romance with Bachelorette’s Rachel Lindsay, report says Is the Bay Area losing its luster? Workers move to more affordable cities 14-year-old killed in a fall near Tahoe tourist attraction Five observations from Warriors’ Game 1 stomp of the Cavaliers Tesla fires female engineer who sued over sexual harassment Sean Penn gets bumped up to first class after being hassled over carry-on bags More in Business Is the Bay Area losing its luster? Workers move to more affordable cities June 02, 2017, 6:27 pm Fewer workers are packing their bags for the Bay Area, where the cost of living is rising. Apple’s developer’s conference may highlight artificial intelligence June 02, 2017, 5:03 pm As Apple readies for its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, experts say it needs to unveil AI-related products Home sale prices from San Jose and Peninsula areas, June 3 June 02, 2017, 9:41 pm 250 Marich Way, Los Altos; $3.8 million; 2896 square feet, 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms. Built 1946, remodeled 2015. On one-third acre, with pool, near El Camino Real and San Antonio Road. Residential transactions in Santa Clara, San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties, published June 3, 2017. Click here to browse previous weeks’ transactions. Blue-collar dream job: 3 percent of applicants picked in lottery June 02, 2017, 8:05 pm Full-time dockworkers in Los Angeles and Long Beach earn $123,278 on average, get free medical coverage and receive a pension. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine DineEquity Inc (DIN) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong Sell” ValuEngine Lowers Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) to Strong Sell OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine NN, Inc. (NNBR) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine NCI Inc (NCIT) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Norwood Financial Co. (NWFL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Air Lease Corp (AL) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Has $10.76 Million Stake in Platinum Group Metals Limited (PLG) United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) Position Decreased by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Increases Position in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Stake Lowered by Cortina Asset Management LLC Cortina Asset Management LLC Has $6.03 Million Stake in Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Four Corners Property Trust Inc (FCPT) Stake Raised by Cortina Asset Management LLC Cortina Asset Management LLC Has $5.75 Million Position in Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) 2,345,719 Shares in Snap Inc (SNAP) Acquired by OppenheimerFunds Inc. Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Shares Sold by OppenheimerFunds Inc. Air Lease Corp (AL) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Services Automobile Association lowered its position in shares of Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) by 22.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 276,680 shares of the transportation company’s stock after selling 82,320 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association’s holdings in Air Lease Corp were worth $10,721,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 0.9% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,856 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter. Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 0.9% in the first quarter. Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. now owns 21,900 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $849,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 1.8% in the first quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 12,725 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $493,000 after buying an additional 231 shares in the last quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 9.1% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,324 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $209,000 after buying an additional 612 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ingalls & Snyder LLC increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 1.1% in the first quarter. Ingalls & Snyder LLC now owns 76,225 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $2,954,000 after buying an additional 844 shares in the last quarter. 90.06% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Air Lease Corp (NYSE AL) traded down 0.83% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $38.03. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 655,383 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $37.17 and its 200 day moving average price is $36.98. Air Lease Corp has a 12-month low of $24.49 and a 12-month high of $40.24. The firm has a market cap of $3.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.33 and a beta of 1.60. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 11th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be issued a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 12th. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.79%. Air Lease Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 9.12%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/air-lease-corp-al-shares-sold-by-united-services-automobile-association.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on AL. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Air Lease Corp from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. FBR & Co lowered their target price on Air Lease Corp from $47.00 to $45.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, May 5th. Cowen and Company increased their target price on Air Lease Corp from $37.00 to $41.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Morgan Stanley downgraded Air Lease Corp from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their target price for the company from $40.00 to $42.00 in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Air Lease Corp in a report on Friday, May 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $44.33. In other news, EVP Jie Chen sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.14, for a total value of $1,174,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 280,341 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,972,546.74. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP John D. Poerschke sold 3,959 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.09, for a total value of $154,757.31. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 48,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,881,792.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 37,959 shares of company stock valued at $1,480,957. Insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. Air Lease Corp Company Profile Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Exiting Paris accord likely to have muted impact in key industries UPDATED: Fri., June 2, 2017, 3:16 p.m. A Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh on Jan. 26, 2017. The American Coal Council said the Paris climate accord would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nations abundant energy resources under lock and key. The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (Gene J. Puskar / Associated Press) By David Koenig Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS DALLAS – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they, too, are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off – fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies, including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell, had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner – lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes – fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Updated: June 2, 2017, 3:16 p.m.  Tags: climate changes, Donald Trump, ImPACT, industry, paris accord Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Black fly outbreak across Spokane brings itchy, bleeding misery … Man arrested for allegedly kidnapping girl from downtown Spokane, raping her in Peaceful Valley … Five new nonstop flights to take off in Spokane this summer … Former Zag Stephen Gentry returns as Gonzaga basketball’s director of operations … Whitworth Choir stages flash mob at renowned museum in Spain … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Scheer, Lyme and lumber: how federal politics touched Canadians this week National by Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press Posted Jun 2, 2017 2:30 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 3:00 pm MDT Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer asks a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Thursday, June 1, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld OTTAWA – It was an intense week of repudiation on Parliament Hill. U.S. President Donald Trump entrenched — with gusto, and to Canada’s consternation — his inward-looking approach to global affairs by stridently announcing his intention to pull out of the Paris accord to prevent climate change. Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard shattered the back-burner status of constitutional truce by launching national discussions meant to deal with his province’s long-standing concerns about being excluded from the Constitution. And Liberal hopes to address energy and the environment in tandem — by introducing carbon pricing while also approving the Kinder Morgan pipeline — were thrown into disarray by this week’s pact between the B.C. Greens and the NDP to wrest provincial power from Christy Clark’s Liberals. Amidst all the moving pieces, there were concrete developments in the dynamics of the House of Commons, in confronting Lyme disease and in dealing with the softwood lumber dispute with the United States. Here are three ways politics touched us this week: SCHEER MAKES HIS MARK The new Conservative leader finally took up his post in the House of Commons this week, beginning to better define the political dynamic that will accompany voters into the next election. Andrew Scheer received a warm welcome from his caucus and even the other parties’ MPs as he took up the mantle of leader of the official Opposition. He then set down some markers that will undoubtedly return as key themes leading up to the next campaign. He highlighted familiar Conservative policies on balanced budgets and smaller government, and resurrected Stephen Harper’s focus on a “job-killing carbon tax.” And he added a flavour of his own, calling for a denial of funding to universities that stifle full freedom of speech by shouting down and drowning out unpopular views. He also cited “radical Islamic terrorism” — a politically loaded phrase — and the threat it poses as justification for his call to send Canada’s fighter jets back to the Middle East. LICKING LYME DISEASE As tales of torrents of ticks swarmed through social media this week, federal Health Minister Jane Philpott announced the government’s intentions to improve research around Lyme disease. Ottawa will put $4 million towards a better understanding of the disease, setting up a network to improve diagnosis and treatment. Critics say the pace of government programs is no match for the pace of infected ticks and the complexities of the bacteria they carry. Lyme-carrying ticks can now be found in most provinces in Canada, and no longer just the southernmost points of Ontario. Experts predict the number of people affected by the disease will grow steadily, from 700 in 2015 to about 10,000 a year by 2020. Diagnosing and treating Lyme disease is often very tricky; it can sometimes take years to defeat the disease in a single person. LUMBER The federal government is papering over the pain of its eternal softwood lumber dispute with the United States, putting up $867 million this week to boost the competitiveness of companies and give new skills to sideswiped workers. The supports are meant to partially make up for damages caused by the U.S. imposition of duties introduced in April on Canadian lumber sales into the United States. The package is just one of the ways the federal government is stickhandling through its increasingly antagonistic trade relationship with the United States. Ottawa is also threatening to end its talks to buy Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co., now that the U.S.-based aerospace company is using the American legal system to challenge Canadian government support for rival Bombardier Inc. And on climate, Ottawa is finding common cause with the rest of the world in sticking steadfastly with the Paris accord to cut emissions while loudly proclaiming its disappointment with the Trump administration for pulling out of the pact. On NAFTA re-negotiations, however, the federal government is being careful not to make any loud, aggressive moves for now — preferring to watch quietly while Trump sorts out his position. Movie Trailers June 2, 2017 to June 8, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Truck driver killed in crash near Brooks; several cattle in trailer put down Jun 02, 2017, 6:03 PM Health Canada flags U-47700 in hopes of staving off latest opioid threat Jun 02, 2017, 5:48 PM Man, 24, pleads guilty to terrorism-related charge in Toronto court Jun 02, 2017, 5:47 PM Ariana Grande One Love Manchester on City and KiSS 95.9 Jun 02, 2017, 5:20 PM UN votes to add 15 North Koreans, 4 entities to UN blacklist Jun 02, 2017, 5:09 PM Notley won’t take advice from BC on Trans Mountain or climate example from Trump Jun 02, 2017, 4:51 PM The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Jun 02, 2017, 2:45 PM Lumber dispute could be resolved before August NAFTA talks: softwood envoy Jun 02, 2017, 2:34 PM East Coast premiers cool to Quebec's desire to reopen Constitution Jun 02, 2017, 2:31 PM Doctors providing medically assisted death gather for first national meeting Jun 02, 2017, 2:30 PM If you ever do this again, we'll turn you in, pastor told killer nurse Jun 02, 2017, 2:08 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Most actively traded companies on the TSX Jun 02, 2017, 2:36 PM No plans to bring in foreign-buyers tax for Montreal, says Quebec finance minister Jun 02, 2017, 10:03 AM U.S. markets hit records in spite of weaker than expected jobs data Jun 02, 2017, 9:23 AM No further concessions on Trans Mountain, Kinder Morgan Canada president says Jun 02, 2017, 8:59 AM Condos, townhomes hottest sellers in Metro Vancouver: real estate board Jun 02, 2017, 8:34 AM Subban believes in Predators, stands by Game 3 prediction Jun 02, 2017, 6:17 PM Cavs need more mental resolve to overcome Warriors in NBA Finals Jun 02, 2017, 6:05 PM Blue Jays farm report: Roemon Fields reawakened in triple-A Buffalo Jun 02, 2017, 1:09 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin out vs. Yankees Friday due to neck issue Jun 02, 2017, 5:17 PM Report: DeRozan, Casey met with Lowry in Bay Area this week Jun 02, 2017, 5:03 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Rep: Brandy released from hospital after collapse Jun 02, 2017, 2:10 PM Report: Disney has slight visitor declines at parks Jun 02, 2017, 10:54 AM MoMA expanding its Manhattan space, view of NYC outdoors Jun 02, 2017, 10:47 AM Tiny P.E.I. hamlet readies Stompin' Tom Centre for 'perfect' Canada Day opening Jun 02, 2017, 10:46 AM Black Eyed Peas are still Fergalicious: Fergie didn't leave Jun 02, 2017, 10:34 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Quitting Paris could have muted effect in U.S. industry Many big companies have already committed to reducing emissions Post to Facebook Quitting Paris could have muted effect in U.S. industry Many big companies have already committed to reducing emissions  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rAEWWs {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Quitting Paris could have muted effect in U.S. industry David Koenig, Associated Press 4:46 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (Photo: Gene J. Puskar / AP) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Dallas — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rAEWWs TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Barack Obama Pelosi: No debt limit increase to reward rich with tax cuts Andrew Taylor Hillary Clinton revives fight over Michigan loss Jonathan Oosting Trump’s climate pullback opens door to Chinese leadership Matthew Pennington Trump withdraws from climate pact, world leaders push back Jill Colvin For President Trump, decisions accompanied by drama Catherine Lucey and Jonathan Lemire Fact check: Trump’s shaky claims on climate accord Michael Biesecker and Paul Wiseman
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Investigators can't determine cause of $50M Raleigh apartment fire Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Decreasing humidity, clear skies lead into pleasant weekend Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Fialko: UNC's Gahagan moving forward with baseball after health scare Our Take NCAA should act fast to change football redshirt policy Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Business US trade deficit rises to highest level since January Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Dark castle on Jones Street Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Family 5 tips for stress-free summer National News Uber for dogs? App offer on-demand walks Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Foodie news: Opening date nears for The Cortez Seafood & Cocktail Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News 20-year-old Duke student died of hypothermia Local News Officers carry 'Flame of Hope' across NC before Special Olympics 2017 Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › 61° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 61° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Breaking Raleigh police respond to shooting on Paint Rock Lane — Raleigh police are responding to a shooting at 6858 Paint Rock Lane. more Weather 9 NC counties are under alert, including Halifax and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-06-02 15:19:27 Updated: 2017-06-02 15:19:27 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Posted 3:19 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18EUr Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By DAVID KOENIG, AP Business Writer DALLAS — President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Softball Softball: Orange vs. Piedmont, Game 1 (June 2, 2017) Health Team Authorities: Duke student died of hypothermia in Massachusetts woods Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby Local News Investigators can't determine cause of $50M Raleigh apartment fire Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Green Guide 'World's largest iceberg' about to break off from Antarctica Local News NC Black Bear Festival brings travelers to Plymouth Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh WRALSportsFan My Fish Friday SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Entertainment Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Family McDonald's adds a Chicken Big Mac to its menu Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Go Ask Mom New downtown Raleigh bookstore offers summer programs Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Go Ask Mom Recipe: One pot tomato feta pasta SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Entertainment Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over Local Politics Triangle cities join revolt against US withdrawal from climate pact Political News AP FACT CHECK: Holes in Trump's reasoning on climate pullout Local News Students at UNC push for new Muslim center Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/2 SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Super Doubles CONFIRMED for June 4 - 6 @NCCapitol Judges dismiss Cooper challenge to elections board overhaul @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Softball Softball: Orange vs. Piedmont, Game 1 (June 2, 2017) Health Team Authorities: Duke student died of hypothermia in Massachusetts woods Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby Local News Investigators can't determine cause of $50M Raleigh apartment fire Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Green Guide 'World's largest iceberg' about to break off from Antarctica Local News NC Black Bear Festival brings travelers to Plymouth Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh WRALSportsFan My Fish Friday SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Entertainment Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Family McDonald's adds a Chicken Big Mac to its menu Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Go Ask Mom New downtown Raleigh bookstore offers summer programs Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Go Ask Mom Recipe: One pot tomato feta pasta SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Entertainment Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over Local Politics Triangle cities join revolt against US withdrawal from climate pact Political News AP FACT CHECK: Holes in Trump's reasoning on climate pullout Local News Students at UNC push for new Muslim center Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/2 SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Super Doubles CONFIRMED for June 4 - 6 @NCCapitol Judges dismiss Cooper challenge to elections board overhaul @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
SAT, JUN 03, 2017 | 14 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 3 hours ago Green Party Is Now a Power Broker in British Columbia Andrew Weaver became famous in Canada as a climate scientist who denounced... Latest News SEE MORE ‘Post-Mortem’ killer denied parole over fake letter; Mohan Ramkissoon left his wife’s body in field near African Lion Safari MAHONEY: Inside a mom-baby group – the shocking truth: Sanity Insider: The rise of lethally laced drugs, and a look at the carports of yesteryear Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 5 hours ago Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Bellinger homers, Ks rule in Dodgers 2-1 win over Brewers Bellinger homers, Ks rule in Dodgers 2-1 win over Brewers Latest Sports News SEE MORE Champions League Final: Buffon looks to become oldest winner Kentucky hits early, often in 6-4 win over Ohio in NCAAs Baseball Capsules Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Spencer Pratt's baby war with Lauren Conrad Spencer Pratt claims Lauren Conrad is upset he and wife Heidi are having a... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Sharon Osbourne never confronted cheating Ozzy Two Women Walk Into a Comedy Club NBC has high hopes for Megyn Kelly. But can she compete with ‘60 Minutes’? Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 6 hours ago 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE The new Popemobile is a Chevy Bolt in German clothes Elon Musk departs presidential council over Paris climate change decision The sandwich years: How to survive your 40s & 50s Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 3 hours ago Welbeck shows us how settlers got their shingles Living in Waterloo Region, which has been settled and farmed for close to... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Travelling solo, but not alone, on Italy’s Amalfi Coast Short on space in a small plot? Take your skills to a higher level New Pixar concert at Disney Hollywood Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Auto Clinic of Flamborough Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Benefits of feeding your dog raw food Home News Canada How fed politics touched Canadians this week | 10 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 How fed politics touched Canadians this week How fed politics touched Canadians this week-Image1 The Canadian Press, 2017 Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer asks a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Thursday, June 1, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld next play/pause pre OTTAWA — It was an intense week of repudiation on Parliament Hill. U.S. President Donald Trump entrenched — with gusto, and to Canada's consternation — his inward-looking approach to global affairs by stridently announcing his intention to pull out of the Paris accord to prevent climate change. Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard shattered the back-burner status of constitutional truce by launching national discussions meant to deal with his province's long-standing concerns about being excluded from the Constitution. And Liberal hopes to address energy and the environment in tandem — by introducing carbon pricing while also approving the Kinder Morgan pipeline — were thrown into disarray by this week's pact between the B.C. Greens and the NDP to wrest provincial power from Christy Clark's Liberals. Amidst all the moving pieces, there were concrete developments in the dynamics of the House of Commons, in confronting Lyme disease and in dealing with the softwood lumber dispute with the United States. Here are three ways politics touched us this week: SCHEER MAKES HIS MARK The new Conservative leader finally took up his post in the House of Commons this week, beginning to better define the political dynamic that will accompany voters into the next election. Andrew Scheer received a warm welcome from his caucus and even the other parties' MPs as he took up the mantle of leader of the official Opposition. He then set down some markers that will undoubtedly return as key themes leading up to the next campaign. He highlighted familiar Conservative policies on balanced budgets and smaller government, and resurrected Stephen Harper's focus on a "job-killing carbon tax." And he added a flavour of his own, calling for a denial of funding to universities that stifle full freedom of speech by shouting down and drowning out unpopular views. He also cited "radical Islamic terrorism" — a politically loaded phrase — and the threat it poses as justification for his call to send Canada's fighter jets back to the Middle East. LICKING LYME DISEASE As tales of torrents of ticks swarmed through social media this week, federal Health Minister Jane Philpott announced the government's intentions to improve research around Lyme disease. Ottawa will put $4 million towards a better understanding of the disease, setting up a network to improve diagnosis and treatment. Critics say the pace of government programs is no match for the pace of infected ticks and the complexities of the bacteria they carry. Lyme-carrying ticks can now be found in most provinces in Canada, and no longer just the southernmost points of Ontario. Experts predict the number of people affected by the disease will grow steadily, from 700 in 2015 to about 10,000 a year by 2020. Diagnosing and treating Lyme disease is often very tricky; it can sometimes take years to defeat the disease in a single person. LUMBER The federal government is papering over the pain of its eternal softwood lumber dispute with the United States, putting up $867 million this week to boost the competitiveness of companies and give new skills to sideswiped workers. The supports are meant to partially make up for damages caused by the U.S. imposition of duties introduced in April on Canadian lumber sales into the United States. The package is just one of the ways the federal government is stickhandling through its increasingly antagonistic trade relationship with the United States. Ottawa is also threatening to end its talks to buy Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co., now that the U.S.-based aerospace company is using the American legal system to challenge Canadian government support for rival Bombardier Inc. And on climate, Ottawa is finding common cause with the rest of the world in sticking steadfastly with the Paris accord to cut emissions while loudly proclaiming its disappointment with the Trump administration for pulling out of the pact. On NAFTA re-negotiations, however, the federal government is being careful not to make any loud, aggressive moves for now — preferring to watch quietly while Trump sorts out his position. By Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local  Don’t allow Stelco lands “fire sale”: mayor Snapshot Local  Small child struck by car in east end Snapshot Ontario  She's now one of the most prolific serial killers in Canadian history Snapshot Local  Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local CityLife: Buskers infest Dundas Local Video: Over the edge Local VIDEO: Sherman rock slide Local PHOTOS: Science Expo at Cathedral The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE “She’s dangerous”: Karla Homolka volunteered at elementary school, reports say Mrs. Trump unloads on Griffin Massive iceberg about to break off Antarctica Karla Homolka should be hounded for the rest of her life: DiManno “You will die”: Ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer pleads guilty to murdering 8 seniors In Your Neighbourhood Today Many dental services under one roof is a reason to smile You only have one mouth, so why should you have to go to multiple oral care facilities when you can... Legal Matters: Can you fire someone whose poor performance might be the result of a medical issue? Question: We have an employee who has not told us he has a medical condition. He has missed six... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... Legal Matters: What happens if I am in an accident in the U.S.? Question: I am driving my vehicle to Florida for a vacation with my family. Will we be entitled... Fire up the grill for the May long weekend at the cottage You and your family are planning an exciting weekend away at the cottage for the Victoria Day... Stock up on groceries for less without ever leaving your car Finding healthy and affordable food on the fly is becoming a big challenge for families these days.... Know the facts before you hire a foundation repair contractor The experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want to help you if your home has structural... Scenic Trails offers a truly unique approach to resort living Offering a serene entrance for an exclusive resort living lifestyle, Scenic Trails condominium by... Tax challenges to consider for the self-employed Eco Tax in Hamilton knows if you're an entrepreneur running a small business, you don't... Legal Matters: The complexity of cross border personal injury cases Question: I was injured in a car accident while on holiday in the United States. I was... Moving made simple with Kingcon Storage Affordable, convenient and flexible, Kingcon Storage Inc. in Burlington will be your most valuable... Spring into patio season with TERRA With each week that passes, and the increasingly warmer temperatures, many of us are drawn to... Plan eases high costs of transporting a loved one home for a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows you can't time someone's death — and that means it can happen... Top 6 Things Clients Ask About Our ETFs It’s been shown that the smartest way to maximize wealth in the long term is to invest in a... First dental visit is child's play at kid-friendly office Going to the dentist for the first time is something that can be stressful for kids, but Eastgate... Paradigm Condominiums: Innovating on all Fronts Since its launch, Paradigm Condominiums has been dedicated to innovation in Burlington,... Cleaner air with Terra Greenhouses Bringing nature into our homes has never been easier with the help of TERRA Greenhouses. With the... What causes hearing loss? Brantford’s Hometown Hearing Centre may be able to help you regain some of your lost hearing,... Legal Matters: Seeking damages on behalf of an injured family member Question: My daughter was in a car accident and was badly injured. Do I have a claim against the... Legal Matters: Attention non-profits: Act fast to comply with new regulations Question: My Non-profit organization has not transitioned to the Canada Not-for-profit... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE CANADA Firearms group using Tory membership list Tory party takes disciplinary action after membership list shared Doctors providing medically assisted death gather for first national meeting All front-line OPP officers will carry naloxone Suspect arrested in death of Vancouver man PreviousNext Making a ghost bike for a fallen cyclist Mayors look to feds for help on legal weed TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Astronaut duo aims to take Army to new heights in space By Sean KimmonsJune 1, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Maj. Anne McClain, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, looks out of a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the International Space Station, as she simulates bringing in a cargo load in space with the station's robotic arm during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Cargo loads, which are launched every six months or so, normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Maj. Anne McClain, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, stands inside a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the International Space Station, before she simulates bringing in a cargo load with the station's robotic arm during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Cargo loads, which are launched every six months or so, normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Lt. Col. Drew Morgan, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, uses virtual training equipment to mimic maneuvering outside the International Space Station with a jetpack during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Even if such a spacewalk is one of the most difficult and dangerous tasks to do in space, Morgan said, he'd still jump at the chance to do one in real life. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Lt. Col. Drew Morgan, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, uses virtual training equipment to mimic maneuvering outside the International Space Station with a jetpack during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Even if such a spacewalk is one of the most difficult and dangerous tasks to do in space, Morgan said, he'd still jump at the chance to do one in real life. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 5 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Maj. Anne McClain, one of two active-duty Army astronauts, looks out of a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the International Space Station, as she simulates bringing in a cargo load in space with the station's robotic arm during training at Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. Cargo loads, which are launched every six months or so, normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 6 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Mark Vande Hei, a retired Army colonel, prepares to train inside NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory pool near Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. The pool is one of the world's largest at 202 feet long and 40 feet deep, and is big enough to hold a replica of the International Space Station. Wearing a specialized spacesuit that recreates microgravity, astronauts float around the mock station to practice tasks they may have to do as part of a spacewalk. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL 7 / 7 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Mark Vande Hei, a retired Army colonel, trains inside NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory pool near Johnson Space Center in Houston March 1, 2017. The pool is one of the world's largest at 202 feet long and 40 feet deep, and is big enough to hold a replica of the International Space Station. Wearing a specialized spacesuit that recreates microgravity, astronauts float around the mock station to practice tasks they may have to do as part of a spacewalk. (Photo Credit: Sean Kimmons) VIEW ORIGINAL HOUSTON -- Like the out-of-this-world missions they train for, the career paths taken by the Army's only two active-duty astronauts may also boggle the mind. Lt. Col. Drew Morgan, a Ranger-tabbed doctor with several years' experience in Special Forces, now heads the Army Space and Missile Defense Command's small but skilled astronaut force. And while he once fed his adventurous spirit by flying into stadiums as part of West Point's parachute team, he looks forward to the ultimate adrenaline rush -- being blasted off into space. His comrade, Maj. Anne McClain, has also acquired a stacked resume in her 14 years of Army service. With over 2,000 flight hours on 20 different rotary and fixed-wing aircraft, along with piloting a Kiowa Warrior helicopter in combat, she's no stranger to air travel. On top of that, she was a Marshall scholar who earned two master's degrees while studying in England. During her time across the pond, she also fine-tuned her rugby play before later landing a spot on the U.S. women's national rugby squad. Both Morgan and McClain agreed that without the Army, those unique opportunities likely would not have happened. "I owe that back to the Army," the 41-year-old Morgan said of his accomplishments during his past two decades in uniform. "Everything that made me a good candidate to become a good astronaut came from the Army." McClain also joined the Army first and foremost to serve the nation, necessarily to travel space. "It was the path I wanted to take even if I had not become an astronaut," the 37-year-old said. "The Army is probably going to have to kick me out at some point because I'm not going anywhere." SPACE SOLDIERS The talented duo is part of a team of nearly 50 astronauts, some of whom are retired Army officers, in NASA's human spaceflight program. One of those seasoned officers, retired Col. Patrick Forrester, profoundly influenced McClain's military career years before she was selected for the program in 2013, along with Morgan and six others. When McClain was a 19-year-old cadet at West Point, she heard Forrester speak about his experience during a talk at the Academy. He told the cadets that the Army was too important to simply be a stepping stone to something greater, and if they truly paid attention to their job and did the right thing for their Soldiers, they would be rewarded. "It'll work out for you in the end if you do that," she recalled of his speech. "That was best advice I could have gotten at that time and he was absolutely right." Shortly before coming to Johnson Space Center as an astronaut candidate, she was surprised to see Forrester's familiar name again in her reporting instructions. The person who had inspired her 15 years ago was now the supervisor of her class. "To me, that was just full circle," she said. Almost 20 Soldiers have become astronauts since Maj. Robert Stewart paved the way in 1979, before he went on to do the first untethered mission in space using a jetpack in 1984. "They were people that I looked up to and followed their careers from afar as I was growing up as a young cadet and young officer in the Army," Morgan said of Forrester, former Col. Jeff Williams and the others who came before him. As the years have passed, so have the missions, especially when the space shuttle program ended in 2011. Today, American astronauts are launched into space on Russian Soyuz rockets and typically stay in space for six months to help maintain and conduct science experiments on the International Space Station with other foreign partners. Army astronauts have embraced the longer trips, as shown in their almost continuous presence in space over the past two years. "We're very well suited for that," Morgan said of the lengthy missions. "The Army has quite a good reputation in the astronaut corps, and I look forward to seeing more Army presence on the International Space Station." IN TRAINING While they wait to be assigned to a space mission, Morgan and McClain constantly train so that they are prepared for when their time comes. Recently, inside a simulator dome with a 180-degree viewing angle, McClain practiced grabbing a cargo load with the space station's robotic arm. While peering out of a mock cupola, a multi-windowed observatory attached to the space station, McClain operated the controls and brought in supplies from a SpaceX Dragon spacecraft that would normally deliver food, clothing and science experiments to the crew every six months or so. The day before, Morgan had used virtual training equipment to mimic maneuvering outside the space station with a jetpack. Although such a spacewalk is one of the most difficult and dangerous tasks to do in space, he said, he'd still jump at the chance to do one in real life. "It's an exciting, tense and physically demanding period of time while you're out there outside the space station for six or seven hours," said Morgan, who was born to a military family in a city with whom he shares his namesake -- Morgantown, W. Va. In preparing for a spacewalk, astronauts also train at the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory, which is basically a huge pool that holds a replica of the space station. Using a specialized spacesuit that simulates microgravity, astronauts stay underwater for hours completing tasks, such as replacing the station's heavy batteries. Astronauts also train to fly a T-38 Talon jet trainer, learn about space systems and a whole new set of acronyms, and receive in-depth lessons on the Russian language, which along with English are the official languages onboard the station. "One of the most challenging and cool things we do at NASA is that we don't do the same thing any two days," McClain said. With all sorts of moving pieces going on, astronauts must rely on an elevated level of teamwork. The ability to lead, but also to follow, are strong traits for an astronaut to have when working in close quarters for long periods of time on specialized, costly missions. Already well-trained, Soldiers come to NASA with a good exposure to these types of teams, according to Chris Looper, a NASA training integrator who helps instruct astronauts. "Being able to bring that team together so it can be a high-performing team, and not just a group of individuals who are all trying to perform at a high level, that makes a big difference," he explained. A successful astronaut, he said, should have an easy-going attitude and be able to roll with the punches when things don't go right. Another helpful characteristic is endless thirst to be proficient in their tasks through continuous training. "[So,] when you do something real in space, it will feel like a practice run," Looper said. FUTURE SPACEFLIGHT While the space station mission has been a top priority for the past 17 years, other added elements to NASA's human spaceflight program may be in the near future. In February, NASA officials announced a study to look at launching two crew members around the moon in 2019, as part of the Orion spacecraft's maiden flight with a NASA rocket. The ambitious goal for the spacecraft is to one day enable human exploration of asteroids and deep-space destinations, including Mars. NASA's Commercial Crew Program also has SpaceX and Boeing developing two launch vehicles to send astronauts into space, rather than sharing rides on Russian Soyuz rockets. "We're on the cusp of some pretty amazing times in the space program," McClain said, "and we're going to see things that we've never seen before." The current space station mission, a joint effort of 15 nations, is projected to last until 2024. But for Morgan and McClain, it doesn't really matter what mission they end up serving. An optimistic McClain said that there are no bad assignments. "When I look at all of the different jobs I could do, I'd be thrilled to get any of them," she said. After all, she didn't expect to end up in her current role when she first learned she had been selected while working as a test pilot at the Redstone Test Center in Alabama. It was bittersweet for her to leave the Army ranks and not be able to wear her military uniform every day, she said. But whatever she does as an astronaut, she still brings a little "hooah" with her. "The space program has always been so inspirational to me and I love contributing to it," she said. "But what really makes it special for me is to be able to do it as a Soldier." "There are many paths to being a Soldier, and this is [just] one of them." RELATED LINKS Army.mil: Women in the Army Army astronaut to co-pilot spacecraft on space station mission Sign up for ARNEWS to your inbox Army News Service ARNEWS Archives RELATED STORIES April 13, 2017Space station 'great model for society,' says astronaut May 11, 2017WBAMC exceeds patient care benchmark May 3, 2017Tactical CEMA in Cognitive Spaces April 14, 2017Caisson Platoon carries Sen. John Glenn to final resting place May 20, 2017Lt. Gen. Townsend visits 82nd Airborne Paratroopers at Bakhira May 15, 2017Sustaining Missile Readiness May 23, 2017South Dakota Army Guard firefighters train and prep for deployment May 22, 2017Cyber Assurance Key Defender Against Worldwide Threats May 16, 2017Best Warriors face off for top honors May 19, 2017SMDC History: Command birthday celebration starts new tradition April 14, 2017SMDC opens BAA for new ideas on space, missile defense April 6, 2017Space Ops Division officer retires April 28, 2017BAMC temporarily reduces number of surgical procedures April 7, 2017Space Soldiers compete to be named Best Warriors April 7, 2017SMDC CG addresses Space Symposium attendees March 7, 2017Army astronaut to co-pilot spacecraft on space station mission Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries World by David Koenig, The Associated Press Posted Jun 2, 2017 12:47 pm MDT Last Updated Jun 2, 2017 at 7:00 pm MDT In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord "would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation's abundant energy resources under lock and key." The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) DALLAS – President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 per cent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 per cent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labour. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Movie Trailers June 2, 2017 to June 8, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Truck driver killed in crash near Brooks; several cattle in trailer put down Jun 02, 2017, 6:03 PM Health Canada flags U-47700 in hopes of staving off latest opioid threat Jun 02, 2017, 5:48 PM Man, 24, pleads guilty to terrorism-related charge in Toronto court Jun 02, 2017, 5:47 PM Ariana Grande One Love Manchester on City and KiSS 95.9 Jun 02, 2017, 5:20 PM UN votes to add 15 North Koreans, 4 entities to UN blacklist Jun 02, 2017, 5:09 PM Notley won’t take advice from BC on Trans Mountain or climate example from Trump Jun 02, 2017, 4:51 PM The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Jun 02, 2017, 2:45 PM Lumber dispute could be resolved before August NAFTA talks: softwood envoy Jun 02, 2017, 2:34 PM East Coast premiers cool to Quebec's desire to reopen Constitution Jun 02, 2017, 2:31 PM Doctors providing medically assisted death gather for first national meeting Jun 02, 2017, 2:30 PM Scheer, Lyme and lumber: how federal politics touched Canadians this week Jun 02, 2017, 2:30 PM If you ever do this again, we'll turn you in, pastor told killer nurse Jun 02, 2017, 2:08 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Most actively traded companies on the TSX Jun 02, 2017, 2:36 PM No plans to bring in foreign-buyers tax for Montreal, says Quebec finance minister Jun 02, 2017, 10:03 AM U.S. markets hit records in spite of weaker than expected jobs data Jun 02, 2017, 9:23 AM No further concessions on Trans Mountain, Kinder Morgan Canada president says Jun 02, 2017, 8:59 AM Condos, townhomes hottest sellers in Metro Vancouver: real estate board Jun 02, 2017, 8:34 AM Subban believes in Predators, stands by Game 3 prediction Jun 02, 2017, 6:17 PM Cavs need more mental resolve to overcome Warriors in NBA Finals Jun 02, 2017, 6:05 PM Blue Jays farm report: Roemon Fields reawakened in triple-A Buffalo Jun 02, 2017, 1:09 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin out vs. Yankees Friday due to neck issue Jun 02, 2017, 5:17 PM Report: DeRozan, Casey met with Lowry in Bay Area this week Jun 02, 2017, 5:03 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Rep: Brandy released from hospital after collapse Jun 02, 2017, 2:10 PM Report: Disney has slight visitor declines at parks Jun 02, 2017, 10:54 AM MoMA expanding its Manhattan space, view of NYC outdoors Jun 02, 2017, 10:47 AM Tiny P.E.I. hamlet readies Stompin' Tom Centre for 'perfect' Canada Day opening Jun 02, 2017, 10:46 AM Black Eyed Peas are still Fergalicious: Fergie didn't leave Jun 02, 2017, 10:34 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sat, Jun 3, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Campaign to raise $15 million for Pikes Peak Summit House will cost nearly $1 million Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog The Gazette Girls' Tennis Peak Performer: Morgan Hall, Cheyenne Mountain Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs jobless rate is low, but veterans still face challenges finding jobs El Paso County new car market heats up in May Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National Parks Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken 'Wonder Woman' marks DC's triumphant return to great storytelling Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News National Trails Day to bring fun outdoor events, trail repairs Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 11:05 PM 0 Thanks to a proclamation made Thursday, El Paso County is holding a variety of outdoor events to celebrate National Trails Day on Saturday. The trails day,... Know do's and don'ts at Colorado Springs parks, trails as summer rolls in Happy Trails: St. Mary's Falls Colorado Springs forward Aaron King, others hope to provide scoring spark for Switchbacks Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 6:18 PM 0 Colorado Springs coach Steve Trittschuh is looking for one of his forwards to rise up and become the potent finisher the sixth-place Switchbacks need. "We need those... The Gazette Girls' Tennis Peak Performer: Morgan Hall, Cheyenne Mountain News: Local News Eastern El Paso County residents commission studies to fight wind farm Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 10:45 PM 0 Three families in eastern El Paso County have spent at least $65,000 on research that they say should be enough to shut down an area wind farm. They blame... 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills Wed, May 10, 2017 - 1:05 PM 0 Adrenaline junkies, your destiny awaits just minutes outside Cañon City at Royal Gorge Bridge... 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past New academy teaches soldiers technology Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 8:46 PM 0 About 500 soldiers leave the military every month in Colorado Springs, and now the Microsoft... Latest Local Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County By: John Bear, The Boulder Daily Camera - 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels By: SAM LOUNSBERRY, Loveland Reporter-Herald - 3 hr ago Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Using fuzzy mascot, Fremont County Sheriff's Office begs public to let wildlife be By: Rachel Riley - 5 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May By: Wayne Heilman - 6 hr ago Top Stories Trump’s tangle with Europe leads the continent to find partners elsewhere By: Michael Birnbaum, The Washington Post - 3 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future By: P. SOLOMON BANDA, Associated Press - 4 hr ago Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death By: The Associated Press - 6 hr ago Kathy Griffin chokes up over Trump in press conference: 'He broke me' By: Melissa Quinn, Washington Examiner - 7 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges By: The Associated Press - 12 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer of year: Arielle Keating, Rampart By: Kevin Carmody - 12 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation 2017 Early College High School Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Christian High School Graduation Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. 2017 Sierra High School Graduation 2017 James Irwin Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 hr ago Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels 3 hr ago Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man 3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast 5 hr ago Using fuzzy mascot, Fremont County Sheriff's Office begs public to let wildlife be 6 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May Most Read Police: Woman intentionally crashed into Colorado Springs Sprouts store opening this week Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Former Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in '80s Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports Fri, Jun 2, 2017 The Gazette 2017 Girls' Tennis All-Area teams 4 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Tennis Coach of the Year: Dave Adams, Cheyenne Mountain 5 hr ago Heath Kirkham takes over Discovery Canyon girls' hoops 12 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer of year: Arielle Keating, Rampart 12 hr ago The Gazette 2017 Girls' Golf All-Area teams 13 hr ago Ex-Penn State administrators sentenced to jail time, house arrest for child endangerment in Sandusky scandal Business 4 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future 5 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story 6 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May 8 hr ago US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 5 9 hr ago Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate 9 hr ago NY AG: Exxon misleading investors on cost of climate regs 9 hr ago Virgin Galactic conducts 9th unpowered test flight Opinion 10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech 18 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority 19 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Wed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadership Tue, May 30, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western alliance Around the Web 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man 3 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death 3 hr ago Texas man dies after swimming with new tattoo 5 hr ago 10,000 people falsely claim to have been at Manchester attack to get free Ariana Grande tickets, sales outlet says 6 hr ago Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpack 6 hr ago Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports The Gazette 2017 Girls' Tennis All-Area teamsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Rockies-Padres Runs1 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Tennis Coach of the Year: Dave Adams, Cheyenne Mountain4 hr ago Heath Kirkham takes over Discovery Canyon girls' hoops5 hr ago Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-line19 hr ago Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western allianceTue, May 30, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act19 hr ago LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: Leave the doggies at home; a gateway to a GOP winSun, May 28, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority18 hr ago Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast3 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"11 hr ago Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college credits11 hr ago Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tour11 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving19 hr ago Local Business El Paso County new car market heats up in May6 hr ago Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado Springs15 hr ago Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area travel industry officials expect tourism bonanza in 2017Sat, May 27, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Dubai Flamingo Reserve Photo Gallery3 hr ago Dozens injured in Iranian supermarket explosion2 hr ago Indian fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans5 hr ago Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity6 hr ago Military Trump faces tough task unwinding Obama Cuba policy14 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story5 hr ago Ex-spy says NSA did mass surveillance during Utah Olympics6 hr ago Virgin Galactic conducts 9th unpowered test flight9 hr ago Blogs Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 season14 hr ago Update: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit3 hr ago Colorado man sentenced to life in prison after conviction for strangling 2-year-old cousin to death9 hr ago Woman allegedly kidnapped from Colorado Springs mobile home park found safe Friday12 hr ago Kids in stolen car lead police on chase through Colorado Springs neighborhood15 hr ago National Crime 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death3 hr ago Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpack6 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airportTue, May 30, 2017 Life Life Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Friday, June 2Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3Wed, May 31, 2017 AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National ParksWed, May 31, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death6 hr ago Kathy Griffin chokes up over Trump in press conference: 'He broke me'7 hr ago Take 10: Bryant Jones is going to tickle the ivories with some improvisational piano11 hr ago Pikes Pub: Colorado Springs homebrewer Jessica Fierro wins top prize in 'Beerland' TV series11 hr ago Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spirituality6 hr ago In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful past6 hr ago I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate action6 hr ago 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victory6 hr ago National National Politics EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report says13 hr ago Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban19 hr ago U.S. states, major companies break with Trump’s decision to exit the climate dealThu, Jun 1, 2017 Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Thu, Jun 1, 2017 National Business Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate9 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story5 hr ago US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 58 hr ago NY AG: Exxon misleading investors on cost of climate regs9 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Night activity in Sydney Harbor Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Loch Arbor beach cam in New Jersey Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Quitting Paris accord likely won't impact many US companies By david koenig, ap business writer DALLAS  Jun 2, 2017, 2:45 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Associated Press WATCH Trump withdraws US from Paris climate agreement 0 Shares Email President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ——— Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Quitting Paris accord likely won't impact many US companies " DOJ never told Comey of concerns before axing him and now he's 'angry,' sources say " Trump travel ban: What happens after Supreme Court appeal " Trump faces tough task unwinding Obama Cuba policy " Fact-checking Trump's speech on the Paris Accord " What's next in US withdrawal from Paris Climate Agreement " US employers add modest 138K jobs; rate dips to 4.3 percent " 'Tear it down': DC mayor reacts to fake ICE fliers " New helmet getting tryout at NFL minicamps " Dad's 'no shame' post on using toddler leash: 'She'd be the lost child' " Student's pizza essay helps her get into Yale " Students raise $11,000 to help teacher battling cancer fulfill her bucket list " Mom organizes trooper dance honoring daughter who died of rare cancer " JetBlue testing facial-recognition boarding system " Experts warn parents about recent uptick in youth baseball injuries " Black bear kills, eats Connecticut family's donkey " UK's May grilled by voters, urged to confront Trump on Paris " 1 World Trade Center climber allegedly caught on top of another NYC high-rise " South Sudan: 15 children die in botched vaccine campaign " Buildings light up in green in support of Paris climate accord " Woman in custody after throwing son down subway stairs " Kathy Griffin breaks down: Trump 'broke me' " Kathy Griffin enlists lawyer to address Trump family 'bullying' " ISIS claims responsibility for deadly Manila attack " What we know about the Philippine resort attack and how it unfolded " At least 35 dead in Philippine resort attack " Brad Paisley surprises high school graduates with performance " Jenna, Barbara Bush 'tried to veto' dad's run for presidency " How climate change and air pollution can affect your health " How the US coal industry is reacting to the Paris Climate Accord withdrawal " Mohamed Hadid faces sentencing in Bel-Air mansion legal battle " Cheapest days to fly over July 4
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 74° Full Menu 74° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Chris Carlson, File AP Photo FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Chris Carlson, File AP Photo National Business June 02, 2017 3:22 PM Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries By DAVID KOENIG AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story DALLAS President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labor. "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." In this Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, photo, a Norfolk Southern freight train hauling coal makes it way through downtown Pittsburgh. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” The group said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Gene J. Puskar AP Photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:34 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.3 1:31 6 hours ago Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event View More Video National Business Sandoval cites legal, market woes in veto of insulin bill Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity 92-year-old woman sells oddities from her carnival business Oxford High junior launches company for his drones EXCHANGE: Silver Model T once carried coeds across America National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
June 2, 2017 | 79° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Associated Press Posted June 02, 2017 June 2, 2017 Updated June 2, 2017 8:45am ASSOCIATED PRESS President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. The American Coal Council said the climate accord “would put America at a competitive disadvantage and our nation’s abundant energy resources under lock and key.” DALLAS >> President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Hiker dies from fall off trail in Punaluu Griffin not ‘laying down’ for Trump, fears career is over Broken utility pole snarls Oahu traffic Ex-pupil’s family sues school over alleged sex assault Holloway gets a long-awaited shot to unify title Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sat, Jun 3, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Campaign to raise $15 million for Pikes Peak Summit House will cost nearly $1 million Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog The Gazette Girls' Tennis Peak Performer: Morgan Hall, Cheyenne Mountain Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs jobless rate is low, but veterans still face challenges finding jobs El Paso County new car market heats up in May Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National Parks Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken 'Wonder Woman' marks DC's triumphant return to great storytelling Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News National Trails Day to bring fun outdoor events, trail repairs Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 11:05 PM 0 Thanks to a proclamation made Thursday, El Paso County is holding a variety of outdoor events to celebrate National Trails Day on Saturday. The trails day,... Know do's and don'ts at Colorado Springs parks, trails as summer rolls in Happy Trails: St. Mary's Falls Colorado Springs forward Aaron King, others hope to provide scoring spark for Switchbacks Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 6:18 PM 0 Colorado Springs coach Steve Trittschuh is looking for one of his forwards to rise up and become the potent finisher the sixth-place Switchbacks need. "We need those... The Gazette Girls' Tennis Peak Performer: Morgan Hall, Cheyenne Mountain News: Local News Eastern El Paso County residents commission studies to fight wind farm Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 10:45 PM 0 Three families in eastern El Paso County have spent at least $65,000 on research that they say should be enough to shut down an area wind farm. They blame... 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills Wed, May 10, 2017 - 1:05 PM 0 Adrenaline junkies, your destiny awaits just minutes outside Cañon City at Royal Gorge Bridge... 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past New academy teaches soldiers technology Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 8:46 PM 0 About 500 soldiers leave the military every month in Colorado Springs, and now the Microsoft... Latest Local Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County By: John Bear, The Boulder Daily Camera - 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels By: SAM LOUNSBERRY, Loveland Reporter-Herald - 3 hr ago Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Using fuzzy mascot, Fremont County Sheriff's Office begs public to let wildlife be By: Rachel Riley - 5 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May By: Wayne Heilman - 6 hr ago Top Stories Trump’s tangle with Europe leads the continent to find partners elsewhere By: Michael Birnbaum, The Washington Post - 3 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future By: P. SOLOMON BANDA, Associated Press - 4 hr ago Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death By: The Associated Press - 6 hr ago Kathy Griffin chokes up over Trump in press conference: 'He broke me' By: Melissa Quinn, Washington Examiner - 7 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges By: The Associated Press - 12 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer of year: Arielle Keating, Rampart By: Kevin Carmody - 12 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation 2017 Early College High School Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Christian High School Graduation Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. 2017 Sierra High School Graduation 2017 James Irwin Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 hr ago Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels 3 hr ago Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man 3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast 5 hr ago Using fuzzy mascot, Fremont County Sheriff's Office begs public to let wildlife be 6 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May Most Read Police: Woman intentionally crashed into Colorado Springs Sprouts store opening this week Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Former Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in '80s Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports Fri, Jun 2, 2017 The Gazette 2017 Girls' Tennis All-Area teams 4 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Tennis Coach of the Year: Dave Adams, Cheyenne Mountain 5 hr ago Heath Kirkham takes over Discovery Canyon girls' hoops 12 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer of year: Arielle Keating, Rampart 12 hr ago The Gazette 2017 Girls' Golf All-Area teams 13 hr ago Ex-Penn State administrators sentenced to jail time, house arrest for child endangerment in Sandusky scandal Business 4 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future 5 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story 6 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May 8 hr ago US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 5 9 hr ago Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate 9 hr ago NY AG: Exxon misleading investors on cost of climate regs 9 hr ago Virgin Galactic conducts 9th unpowered test flight Opinion 10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech 18 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority 19 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Wed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadership Tue, May 30, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western alliance Around the Web 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man 3 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death 3 hr ago Texas man dies after swimming with new tattoo 5 hr ago 10,000 people falsely claim to have been at Manchester attack to get free Ariana Grande tickets, sales outlet says 6 hr ago Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpack 6 hr ago Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports The Gazette 2017 Girls' Tennis All-Area teamsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Rockies-Padres Runs1 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Tennis Coach of the Year: Dave Adams, Cheyenne Mountain4 hr ago Heath Kirkham takes over Discovery Canyon girls' hoops5 hr ago Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-line19 hr ago Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western allianceTue, May 30, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act19 hr ago LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: Leave the doggies at home; a gateway to a GOP winSun, May 28, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority18 hr ago Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast3 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"11 hr ago Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college credits11 hr ago Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tour11 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving19 hr ago Local Business El Paso County new car market heats up in May6 hr ago Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado Springs15 hr ago Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area travel industry officials expect tourism bonanza in 2017Sat, May 27, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Dubai Flamingo Reserve Photo Gallery3 hr ago Dozens injured in Iranian supermarket explosion2 hr ago Indian fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans5 hr ago Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity6 hr ago Military Trump faces tough task unwinding Obama Cuba policy14 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story5 hr ago Ex-spy says NSA did mass surveillance during Utah Olympics6 hr ago Virgin Galactic conducts 9th unpowered test flight9 hr ago Blogs Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 season14 hr ago Update: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit3 hr ago Colorado man sentenced to life in prison after conviction for strangling 2-year-old cousin to death9 hr ago Woman allegedly kidnapped from Colorado Springs mobile home park found safe Friday12 hr ago Kids in stolen car lead police on chase through Colorado Springs neighborhood15 hr ago National Crime 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death3 hr ago Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpack6 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airportTue, May 30, 2017 Life Life Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Friday, June 2Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3Wed, May 31, 2017 AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National ParksWed, May 31, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death6 hr ago Kathy Griffin chokes up over Trump in press conference: 'He broke me'7 hr ago Take 10: Bryant Jones is going to tickle the ivories with some improvisational piano11 hr ago Pikes Pub: Colorado Springs homebrewer Jessica Fierro wins top prize in 'Beerland' TV series11 hr ago Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spirituality6 hr ago In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful past6 hr ago I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate action6 hr ago 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victory6 hr ago National National Politics EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report says13 hr ago Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban19 hr ago U.S. states, major companies break with Trump’s decision to exit the climate dealThu, Jun 1, 2017 Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Thu, Jun 1, 2017 National Business Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate9 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story5 hr ago US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 58 hr ago NY AG: Exxon misleading investors on cost of climate regs9 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print FILE - In this Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, Ron Cogan, editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal, right, and Steve Majoros, director of Chevrolet Marketing, pose together after the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV was announced the winner of the Green Car of the Year Award during the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles. President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump‚Äôs decision would not change their plans. ‚ÄúOur position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action,‚Äù said General Motors. The company said it would stand by its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson, File) By: David Koenig The Associated Press Published on DALLAS — President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it's voluntary, and doesn't carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. "What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement," said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. "And that's not likely to change fundamentals very much at all." Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren't likely to change course. A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 per cent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 per cent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump's decision would not change their plans. "Our position on climate change has not changed ... we publicly advocate for climate action," said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump's decision won't have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama's tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon's business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. "The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations," Bordoff said. The president's decision should have very little impact on airlines because it's still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline's second-biggest expense after labour . "No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can," said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. "The (financial) objective is to be efficient." Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. "It's easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate," said Book, the energy analyst. "Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump." ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Editors' Picks Black Graduation Celebration a new way of inspiring young generations Video: Frustrated Mr. Met flips off fans at Citi Field Pulling trucks and lifting boulders: Calgary women train for Strongman competition Wonder Woman: The film and its star live up to a lofty name More on Metronews.ca Most Popular 5 simple ways to help the honey bees Edmonton to bring goats to park this summer as part of weed-killing project Why did Vancouver wait so long to order structural review of crumbling Balmoral? Police investigating after Lower Sackville hit and run leaves woman with serious injuries Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quitting Paris likely to… Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries By DAVID KOENIG June 2, 2017 3:19 pm 4 min read Share DALLAS (AP) — President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord may have only limited immediate impact on many U.S. companies, according to analysts. In part that is because the Paris agreement only went into effect last year, it’s voluntary, and doesn’t carry penalties for countries that fall short of emissions-cutting targets. “What you have is a president making a nonbinding withdrawal from a nonbinding agreement,” said Kevin Book, an analyst with ClearView Energy Partners. “And that’s not likely to change fundamentals very much at all.” Many big companies in industries such as autos and aviation have already committed to reducing emissions and are spending billions to do it. They aren’t likely to change course. Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement A study mentioned by Trump estimated that if the U.S. meets its Paris goal for reducing carbon emissions it will cost 2.7 million U.S. jobs by 2025. The study, commissioned by a pro-industry group, projected the sharpest declines in coal, cement, and iron and steel, and the loss of 440,000 manufacturing jobs. Coal and cement producers say the Paris accord would put them at a competitive disadvantage and that they too are taking steps to cut emissions. The American Coal Council said more than 90 percent of U.S. coal plants are equipped with advanced emissions controls, and that advances in technology will lead to further improvement. Cement makers say they use alternative fuels for 15 percent of their power needs. However, many economists think Paris would be roughly a trade-off — fewer jobs in polluting industries would be offset by more in renewable energy. The chief economist of business-research group The Conference Board said the potential number of jobs that might be created in fossil fuels is limited, while the potential for job growth in green technologies is much greater. There are already more than twice as many U.S. jobs in solar energy than coal, about 374,000 to 160,000, according to the Energy Department. Some corporations that had supported the Paris agreement were quick to signal that Trump’s decision would not change their plans. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. “Our position on climate change has not changed … we publicly advocate for climate action,” said General Motors. The company reiterated its support for various climate pledges, and it boasted about its Chevrolet Bolt EV, an electric vehicle priced under $30,000. Rebecca Lindland, an executive analyst with Kelley Blue Book, said Trump’s decision won’t have an immediate impact on automakers, who had no specific targets to meet under the Paris agreement. Separately, the Trump administration is reviewing fuel-economy standards that were reaffirmed in the final days of President Barack Obama’s tenure. A weakening of those standards might help sell more SUVs to U.S. consumers, but automakers still have to design and build electric and other fuel-efficient cars to meet mileage standards in California, China, Europe and elsewhere, Lindland said. Oil prices fell Friday on concern that the U.S. exit from Paris could lead to increased production and a continuation of the glut of crude. Several large oil companies including Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell had urged Trump not to withdraw. In a statement, Exxon stressed that the accord included emissions-reduction pledges from China and India, developing countries that are major polluters. The company said the U.S. is in good position to compete internationally because of an abundant natural gas supply. New drilling methods have made gas cheaper, allowing it to replace coal in many U.S. power plants. Now, Exxon and others are gearing up to export more liquefied natural gas. Exxon also faces pressure from shareholders, who voted this week for more disclosure about the impact of climate-change regulation on Exxon’s business. Jason Bordoff, an energy-policy expert at Columbia University, said withdrawing from the Paris agreement would make no difference to the U.S. energy outlook or economy. “The outlook for U.S. energy production will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations,” Bordoff said. The president’s decision should have very little impact on airlines because it’s still in their financial interest to fly cleaner — lower emissions are the result of burning less fuel. Airlines have been spending billions on new, more fuel-efficient planes — fuel is an airline’s second-biggest expense after labor. “No one is going to go back to (Boeing) 707s that leave a big smoke trail in the air just because you can,” said Robert Mann, an aviation consultant and former airline executive. “The (financial) objective is to be efficient.” Whatever the industry, companies will be reluctant to change plans based solely on the withdrawal from the climate agreement because the pendulum could swing back. “It’s easy to imagine a future administration that wants to re-engage in an activist role on climate,” said Book, the energy analyst. “Any long-term investment is going to have to consider the world after Trump.” ___ Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit, Paul Wiseman in Washington and Ken Sweet and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. Related Topics Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quitting Paris likely to… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Bullets Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast to 2025 Market Research HUB A smart bullet not only follows the route of the target but also sends data, changes its speed, and turns according to it. Smart bullets exhibit various features such as better lethality with aim point range. They are also effective against moving targets. Increase in the demand of smart bullets in several developing countries such as India, China, Brazil and Argentina among others is expected to boost the market during the forecast period. The smart bullets market is dominated by North America due to the focus of the U.S. government for the incorporation of the technologically advanced weapons to its weapon list. In addition, the U.S. government is also the major customer of smart bullets in both global as well as North America. Request Free Sample Report – www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1109485 One of the major factor fueling the market for the smart bullets is increase in the budget of defense in several countries such as China, India, France, U.S. and U.K. among others. In February 2017, U.S. government boosted their defense spending by approx. USD 54 Million. This budget will help the law enforcement to keep the terrorists out of the country. In February 2017, Indian government announced to increase their defense budget by 6.2%. This budget includes to buy new equipment, aircrafts, weapons, army vehicles and naval warships among others. In March 2017, Chinese government announced to boost the military spending by 7% which in turn boost the market for the smart bullets in the coming years in Asia Pacific as well as globally. This will help the country to be a step closer to become the supreme power globally. Global Smart Bullets Market: Segmentation Guided smart bullets and self-guided smart bullets are the various product types of the smart bullets market. In 2016, guided smart bullets market is estimated to be the largest market followed by self-guided smart bullets market and expected to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Increase in the criminal activities is one of the major factor fueling the market for smart bullets in some of the major countries such as the U.S. among others during the forecast period. The smart bullets market has been segmented on the basis of end user into naval, land and airborne. In 2016, land segment in smart bullets market is estimated to be the largest market followed by naval segment and expected to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Increasing economies in the Asia Pacific region to invest significantly in smart weapons for military is one of the major factor driving the market for the land segment in smart bullets market. In addition, Wars in various countries such as Turkey, Ukraine, Lebanon, China, India, France, Afghanistan and Pakistan among others is major factor boosting the demand of smart bullets during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Browse Full Report with TOC – www.marketresearchhub.com/report/smart-bullets-market-glo… North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America are the various geography type of the smart bullets market. In 2016, North America held the major share of the market, followed by Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and Latin America and anticipated to be the same in the coming years. Increase in the investment in defense is one of the major factor driving the market for smart bullets during the forecast period. Demand for airborne smart bullets is one of the major factor fueling the market for smart bullets during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major company in the global smart bullets market are Lockheed Martin Corporation (United States), The Raytheon Company (United States), BAE Systems PLC. (United States), General Dynamics Corporation (United States), Thales Group (France), Northrop Grumman Corporation (United States), Harris Corporation (United States), Boeing Company (United States), Taser International, Inc. (United States) and Textron Defense Systems (United States). The segments covered in the global Smart bullets market are as follows: By Product Type Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets By End User Airborne Land Naval By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Russia France Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Make an Enquiry – www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=enquiry&repid=… About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. Contact Us 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free : 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel : +1-518-621-2074 Email : press@marketresearchhub.com Website : www.marketresearchhub.com/ Read Industry News at – www.industrynewsanalysis.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SuperShuttle Launches Summer Vacation Sale, 10% Off Plus Double Points Or Miles Next PostNext Apex Clean Energy Celebrates Delivery of Wind and Solar Power to Fort Hood Search Recent Posts MOVIT Closes $150,200 Private Placement Daily Press Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt Transformer Oil Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report To 2022 Latest Research report on Membrane Filtration Market predicts favorable growth and forecast till 2022 Hydroxy Functional Resins Market Analysis- Size, Share, overview, scope, Revenue, Gross Margin, Segment and Forecast 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
52bd6d0b4a8f213489ad273cc8a3ef3800e93f0f http://bostinno.streetwise.co/assets/21ef0e9b Boston Washington DC Chicago Austin Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters The Beat Sign In 390 SHARE HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web When asked why his e-commerce startup is named Magpie, COO Andrea Fantacone is both clear and candid: "Magpies collect shiny objects. Our so TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Lucia Maffei HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web Communities Tech Lifestyle Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Studio Sign In 390 SHARE HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web When asked why his e-commerce startup is named Magpie, COO Andrea Fantacone is both clear and candid: "Magpies collect shiny objects. Our so TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Lucia Maffei HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web SHARE HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web When asked why his e-commerce startup is named Magpie, COO Andrea Fantacone is both clear and candid: "Magpies collect shiny objects. Our so TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE The Magpie team: CPO Gerrit Orem (left), COO Andrea Fantacone (center) and CEO Damjan Korać - Photo credits: ©Susan Young for Harvard Business School. twitter facebook send via email SHARE HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web When asked why his e-commerce startup is named Magpie, COO Andrea Fantacone is both clear and candid: "Magpies collect shiny objects. Our so TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE share HBS Startup Magpie Allows Users to Collect 'Shiny Beautiful Things' on the Web 390 Lucia Maffei - Staff Writer 6/2/17 @11:51am in Tech 6/2/17 @11:51am When asked why his e-commerce startup is named Magpie, COO Andrea Fantacone is both clear and candid: "Magpies collect shiny objects. Our solution allows users to collect any shiny beautiful things. So, in a way, the user is a magpie." Founded in April 2016 by three Harvard Business School students, this startup transforms users into magpies in the sense that it allows them to rapidly buy things on the web. You find it, you like it, you can buy it.” In the vision of the company, shopping on Amazon is a different experience compared to Magpie. “A lot of times you go to Amazon when you have something on mind, [like] a pack of batteries or a new book,” Fantacone explained. “The case for Magpie is more, you’re browsing Marie Claire or GQ and you see something that you really like, and you’re inspired to buy in the moment. That’s when we become useful [...]. You find it, you like it, you can buy it.” Let’s say, for example, that I’m reading a fashion blog and I stumble upon a picture of a nice jacket. As a registered user on Magpie, I click on the pic and a sidebar appears. The sidebar is already populated with all the product information (price, description, name, brand and retailer). By clicking on the “buy” button, Magpie will simply complete the transaction. First-time users will have to fill out a profile with payment information, of course. At the beginning, the service will not work on any image on the web, Fantacone said. Instead, Magpie said it will be partnering with a series of publishers, fashion bloggers and style publications to enable its service on their websites (partners in the pilot will not be disclosed). Our solution allows users to collect any shiny beautiful things. So, in a way, the user is a magpie. The key of Magpie is that users never leave the original web page. As Fantacone explained, users will be likely to shop on pictures of a complete outfit, which can include items from different brands, and buy them all with a single click. The price of each item will be the lowest available online, Fantacone said. As for issues with their purchases, customers should contact the original retailer. Located in the Harvard i-lab, Magpie received a check for $25,000 from Rough Draft Ventures, and it’s actively raising pre-seed rounds, the company said. The money will be used to test different solutions on the platform during the pilot, which will last through the end of the summer. A former program manager for U. S. Air Force, Fantacone made the transition to work on a consumer-oriented business. Working as a procurement officer in the military, he said he used to deal with large contractors, such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin. “So large, bureaucratic, somewhat rational decision-making type of organizations that make decisions once every once in a while,” according to Fantacone’s definition. “Dealing with consumers was exciting because it was emotional.” Other co-founders of the company are CEO Damjan Korac and CPO Gerrit Orem. One thing is for sure: If you cannot resist impulsive purchases, this startup has the potential to satisfy your sudden magpie cravings. Photo credits: ©Susan Young for Harvard Business School FILED UNDER: Boston Startups, Company Profiles, Harvard Business School Related News Blue Apron IPO Could Boost Fidelity | Boston VC Firm Raising $250M Fund Here Are 14 Promising New Startups from Harvard Business School Turn Your Favorite Running Route into Awesome Wall Art After Selling His Startup to Lola Travel, Founder Joins YC Alum TetraScience Facebook Comments (0) + Login to Comment Tweets The Beat Newsletter Boston tech news delivered to your inbox. Get It Most Popular Trillium's Greenway Beer Garden Is Open for Business 5.4K Alex E. Weaver Boston Startups That Were Acquired or Shut Down in May 4.7K Dylan Martin The Top Boston Tech Hires, Promotions and Departures in May 4.3K Dylan Martin These 27 Boston Startups Raised More Than $211M in May 2.8K Dylan Martin A Starbucks Is Born in Charlestown 2.1K Alex E. Weaver From Our Partners Join the BostInno Beat Get your Boston tech news, startup gossip, and event notices right in your inbox every day Join Today! http://wp.streetwise.co/wp-content/uploads//2015/08//BostInnoBeatNewsletter1.png center CLOSE SIGN UP FOR THE BOSTINNO BEAT DAILY NEWSLETTER SIGN UP OR mobile About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise © 2017 Streetwise Media Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Series Series Directory Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Series Series Directory About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use © 2017 Streetwise Media /assets/21ef0e9b
Search My Account Help Log In Search Close More Premium Services Aggressive Trader Brain Trust Profits Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist Income Millionaire MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Real World Investing Systematic Wealth The Complete Investor Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society InvestingDaily.com Homepage Free Reports Investing Topics Investing Experts Account Information My Account Manage all your subscriptions, update your address, email preferences and change your password. Help Center Get answers to common service questions, ask the analyst or contact our customer service department. My Stock Talk Profile Update your stock talk name and/or picture. Close Home Premium Services Aggressive Trader Brain Trust Profits Breakthrough Tech Profits Complete Investor Energy Strategist Income Millionaire Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Real World Investing Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society Free E-Letters The Energy Letter Income without Borders Mind Over Markets Stocks to Watch Investing Topics Pacific Basin Economy Canadian Income Stocks Commodities Stocks Dividend Investing DRIP Investing Center Emerging Markets ETF Investing Growth Stocks Energy Stocks Alternative Energy Stocks Coal Stocks Natural Gas Stocks Oil Investing Uranium Stocks Utility Stocks Inflation Protection Investing in Bonds Master Limited Partnerships Mutual Funds Personal Finances Retirement Investing Stock Market Investing Stocks to Watch Value Investing Investing Experts Ari Charney Igor Greenwald Jim Pearce Jim Fink Linda McDonough Robert Rapier Free Reports FEATURED STRATEGY Where do we send your monthly triple-digit winners? Our new trading system recently closed three positions at 135.5%, 187.3% and 220.6% annualized returns. For a limited time, we’re promising it can send you at least one of your own each and every month. Go here to get the full details now.     A Small-Cap Play on Amazon’s Sky-High Ambitions By John Persinos on June 2, 2017 Just login with your email address to instantly generate a PDF of this content. Privacy Policy How’s this for gee-whiz gadgetry right out of science fiction, or perhaps James Bond: Amazon (NSDQ: AMZN) this week was awarded a U.S. patent for a shipping label with a built-in parachute. This innovative device allows drones to deliver a package without having to land — the package safely descends to the ground via parachute, making the delivery process faster, cheaper and more efficient. The shipping label looks just like any other label until it’s triggered into action. The cords, breakaway cover and parachute all lie dormant, waiting for sensors to indicate that the drone is hovering over its destination. GPS navigates the package to the right destination, shock absorbers protect against a potentially rough landing, and a harness keeps the entire apparatus together. Amazon has been working to perfect the technology since the patent was first submitted in 2015. It’s like something I used to marvel at as a kid, when reading Popular Mechanics. What’s the best play on this “disruptive” technology? It’s not necessarily Amazon itself. I provide the answer below, but first let’s turn to Linda McDonough, chief investment strategist of Profit Catalyst Alert, for context on Amazon’s technology breakthroughs: “It’s no secret why Amazon’s stock has increased almost 500 times since its IPO. Bezos’ relentless drive for constant innovation allows the company to create new markets and therefore new demand. Amazon has birthed new products and services before anyone else. And in a world where competition is so ruthless, this has allowed the e-commerce juggernaut to quickly gain scale… Certainly, investors can jump on board Amazon’s stock to ride Bezos’ innovation train. But with Amazon’s $15 billion of cash on hand and an annual operating budget of $136 billion, the Holy Grail for investors is to find those small customers that have been chosen to help Amazon reach its goals and to buy those stocks… As always, the trick is to find high-quality companies that can survive if a big customer like Amazon turns tail but will rocket if it gains a fraction of its spending budget. It’s worth the digging to find companies that can leverage the genius of Amazon.” Well, as my colleague Linda suggests, I’ve done the digging. Read on. Why is this man laughing? Jeff Bezos, the founder, CEO, president and chairman of Amazon, prides himself on being a “disruptor.” His company has disrupted the way books are sold, published, and consumed, the way market share is captured, and the way customers around the world shop for physical goods. Bezos’ affect on the development of global e-commerce can’t be understated. He laughs at the status quo. Bezos drop-kicked a highly paid job as a Wall Street analyst in 1994, after seeing projections that online commerce would grow for the rest of that decade at the remarkable annualized rate of 2,300%. Bezos formed a business plan to create an online commerce store with the ambitious goal “to sell everything, to everybody.” Launched in 1995, Amazon has become the world’s largest online retailer, as well as a major global provider of web-based infrastructure and cloud computing services. Amazon’s market cap currently stands at $475.4 billion. Amazon’s air force… Now, Amazon is launching its own air force of unmanned aerial vehicles. With Linda McDonough’s advice in mind about small-cap secondary plays, let’s take a look at AeroVironment (NSDQ: AVAV), the world’s largest designer and manufacturer of drones. With a market valuation of $714 million, AeroVironment makes a broad spectrum of drones for both commercial and military applications. The Pentagon, worldwide militaries, and growing numbers of federal, state and local policing organizations are adopting AVAV’s drones for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. As Amazon’s foray into aviation shows, drones also are increasingly used in the commercial sector. Amazon recently launched a test program of its drone delivery program, making Bezos’ oft-stated dream of home delivery by drone closer to reality. Bezos first shared his drone-delivery vision with the public during a now famous television interview in 2013 with Charlie Rose on 60 Minutes. The entrepreneur’s surprise announcement caused Rose’s jaw to drop. Today, the idea isn’t so fanciful. Amazon operates a drone research and development facility near the town of Cambridge, U.K. Amazon also has been testing its drones in the U.S., Canada, and the Netherlands, as well as at several undisclosed locations. Quantum leap in home delivery… Bezos’ implementation of what the company calls “Amazon Prime Air” is a quantum leap for the company and e-commerce as a whole. It’s also a huge opportunity for drone-maker AeroVironment, which would be in line for major contracts once Amazon transitions from the experimental stage to actual drone procurement. Amazon’s drones are designed to carry parcels weighing up to five pounds and to land them on a customer’s doorstep or drop them by parachute, even if the buyer isn’t home. To be sure, comprehensive drone delivery is liable to regulatory oversight, but the FAA and its foreign counterparts are starting to implement drone-friendly flight rules, thanks to intense lobbying from the drone industry and powerful people like Bezos. Amazon’s drones are built to travel at speeds of 60 miles per hour or more, at altitudes of between 200 and 400 feet, well beneath the general aviation threshold. After initial skepticism, the FAA is becoming convinced that passenger aircraft and drones can safely coexist in the skies. Drone delivery would save Amazon considerable money by reducing its fleet of trucks and airplanes; it would also revolutionize retailing and prompt its rivals to get into the drone game. Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) already is starting to test its own version of drone home delivery. On the battlefield, too… California-based AeroVironment boasts diversification, with a pipeline stuffed with well-engineered products that the military brass covets. Notably, the U.S. Army widely uses the company’s RQ-11B Raven, a 4.5-pound drone that’s carried in a soldier’s backpack and launched by throwing into the air (see picture). The device wirelessly sends day and night real-time video imagery back to a ground controller for battlefield reconnaissance. The company also makes systems for cleaner, more efficient transportation and energy production. AeroVironment won early fame as an aerospace innovator when it built NASA’s Gossamer Albatross, a human-powered aircraft that in June 1979 flew 23 miles across the English Channel. Founded in 1971, the company now commands the biggest market share by far of any drone manufacturer, making it one of the most promising small-cap technology stars of 2017 and beyond. AVAV shares are up nearly 16% year to date; they’ve risen more than 19% over the past three months, as it becomes clearer that President Trump’s tough anti-terrorism stance will result in boosted procurement for drones. The average analyst expectation is that AVAV’s year-over-year earnings growth will soar by a whopping 347.8% in the current quarter and by 68.6% in the next quarter. The investment takeaway: As the drone industry stands on the cusp of explosive growth, now’s an opportune time to grab shares of AeroVironment, while it’s still a small-cap stock with room for significant upward trajectory. Amazon’s accelerating boost to overall drone demand is icing on the cake. Another exciting possibility for investors is AeroVironment’s suitability as a takeover target, with possible suitors including Amazon or major aerospace/defense contractors such as Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) or Boeing (NYSE: BA). Lockheed Martin last week launched its experimental Vector Hawk, a small military drone for the U.S. Navy, from the ocean surface of the Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island. As a boy, I spent many pleasant summer afternoons sailing on Narragansett Bay; I never dreamed that those blue skies would one day be dotted with unmanned flying machines. As drones increasingly pervade all aspects of our everyday lives, AeroVironment is a stock to watch. Got any comments? Parachute me an email: mailbag@investingdaily.com — John Persinos Rapid change, rapid profits… As Jeff Bezos has shown, the most successful companies never rest on their laurels. They stay hungry and restless. The same applies to investing. That’s why my colleague Jim Pearce and his investment “A-Team” have been testing a system called Rapid Profits Matrix. Jim Pearce is chief investment strategist of our flagship publication Personal Finance. I serve as managing editor of PF. What Jim and our team found is astounding: Rapid Profits Matrix outperforms buy and hold up to 4.9 times in direct competition. And yet, this trading system generates outsized returns without risky day trading or complex options. If there ever was a time for this trading system, it’s now. Click here to see Jim’s presentation.   You might also enjoy…   The Setup on this Trade is Perfect A stunning new advancement is about to change the way the internet works forever. This technology – smaller than a grain of sand – is so transformative that it’s become the focus of an all-out battle between some of the world’s biggest tech juggernauts. Twitter paid $533 million to get access to its power. Google spent $3.1 billion to tap its potential. And Verizon plunked down an astounding $4.4 billion to own a stake of it, too. It’s no surprise why… This technology holds the key to a $3.5 trillion fortune. So every company doing business on the Internet is faced with a choice: Adopt this powerful new technology… or miss out on the riches. You can find all the details in this brief video. Just be sure to watch it now. Goldman Sachs and Pacific Crest Securities have both put this small company on their short lists of buyout candidates. So you’re running out of time to stake your claim. Get the details here. Stock Talk — Post a comment Comment Guidelines Our Stock Talk section is reserved for productive dialogue pertaining to the content and portfolio recommendations of this service. We reserve the right to remove any comments we feel do not benefit other readers. If you have a general investment comment not related to this article, please post to our Stock Talk page. If you have a personal question about your subscription or need technical help, please contact our customer service team. And if you have any success stories to share with our analysts, they’re always happy to hear them. Note that we may use your kind words in our promotional materials. Thank you. You must be logged in to post to Stock Talk OR create an account. Create a new Investing Daily account Use Social Connect   - OR - Email Address Display Name Appears on all of your comments Password Confirm Password   * Investing Daily will use any information you provide in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Your email address is used for account verification and will remain private. 29 Stocks to Sell Now! If you own just one of these companies, your portfolio is at risk today. Inside you’ll get their names and ticker symbols, along with a free subscription to daily investing guidance from our award winning analyst team. Get The Report Now About the Analyst John Persinos Analyst Bio | Archives John Persinos is managing editor of Personal Finance and an editor/analyst at Investing Daily.   John has worked on several international magazines, specifically as a staff writer at Inc.; an associate editor at Venture; and managing editor at Campaigns & Elections. He has written extensively for investment-oriented publications and web sites, such as Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine, Street Authority, Investing Answers, and The Street.   John worked on Capitol Hill, as a press secretary to U.S. Rep. Byron Dorgan (D-ND). He has co-authored a book, Boston: In a Class by Itself. He also wrote a book on the media, The Confessions of an Ink-Stained Wretch, published in 2006.   John holds a B.A. in English, an M.A. in English Literature, and an M.S. in Journalism, all from Boston University. He also completed the Davenport Fellowship in Business and Economics Reporting at the University of Missouri (Columbia) School of Journalism. show more Market Overview Free E-letters We offer a variety of FREE analysis delivered weekly to your inbox. Select the E-letters you wish to receive and enter your email below. Mind Over Markets (info) Your guide to understanding and profiting from the major trends, industry news and worldwide events that are driving the market and impacting your investments. Income Without Borders (info) Want to know about the high-yield global income stock I found this week? Of course you do! Find the income you've been looking for. The Energy Letter (info) Energy profits from safe to speculative: start your wealth-building portfolio now. Sign Up for these FREE E-Letters Free Reports 7 High Yield Stocks that Pay Dividends High Yields and Low Taxes: The Best Master Limited Partnerships to Own Now Best Undervalued Stocks to Buy Now Top 3 High Yield REITs Top Growth Stocks to Own Now Home | Events | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions About Us | White List | Contact Us | Media Inquiries Investing Daily is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. All information provided on the Investing Daily network of websites is provided as-is and does not represent personalized investment advice. These sites do not constitute a representation by the publisher or a solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities. All opinions provided are based on sources believed to be reliable and are written in good faith, but no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, is made as to their accuracy. There are risks associated with any investment and we strongly encourage readers to supplement the information in these articles, special reports, and newsletters with independent research and other professional advice before investing in any security. Copyright © 2017 Investing Daily, a division of Capitol Information Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Mobile-Friendly Site
