null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Emerging Technologies > Boeing CEO Vows to Beat Musk to Mars Boeing CEO Vows to Beat Musk to Mars Oct 4, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 3 Dennis Muilenburg envisioned a commercial space-travel market with dozens of destinations and hypersonic aircraft shuttling travelers between continents in two hours or less. Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co. once helped the U.S. beat the Soviet Union in the race to the moon. Now the company intends to go toe-to-toe with newcomers such as billionaire Elon Musk in the next era of space exploration and commerce. Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg sketched out a Jetsons-like future at a conference Tuesday, envisioning a commercial space-travel market with dozens of destinations orbiting the Earth and hypersonic aircraft shuttling travelers between continents in two hours or less. And Boeing intends to be a key player in the initial push to send humans to Mars, maybe even beating Musk to his long-time goal. “I’m convinced the first person to step foot on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Muilenburg said at the Chicago event on innovation, which was sponsored by the Atlantic magazine. Like Musk’s SpaceX, Boeing is focused on building out the commercial space sector near earth as spaceflight becomes more routine, while developing technology to venture far beyond the moon. The Chicago-based aerospace giant is working with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to develop a heavy-lift rocket called the Space Launch System for deep space exploration. Boeing and SpaceX are also the first commercial companies NASA selected to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. Mars Transport Musk last week welcomed competitors as he unveiled a SpaceX craft that would dwarf the workhorse of Apollo missions of a half-century ago, hauling 100 travelers to Mars with cruise-ship-style amenities. “The goal of SpaceX really is to build the transport system. It’s like building the Union Pacific railroad,” Musk told a space conference, as he laid out a plan to bring travel to Mars to a mass market with tickets priced one day as low as $100,000. Related Musk Needs More Than Big Rockets to Colonize Mars Elon Musk’s Vision for Mars Travel Focuses on Reusable Rockets Boeing built the first stage for the Saturn V, the most powerful U.S. rocket ever built, which took men to the moon. Nowadays, Muilenburg sees space tourism closer to home, “blossoming over the next couple of decades into a viable commercial market.” The International Space Station could be joined in low-earth orbit by dozens of hotels and companies pursuing micro-gravity manufacturing and research, he said. “I think it’s a fascinating area for us,” he said. Muilenburg said Boeing will make spacecraft for the new era of tourists. He also sees potential for hypersonic aircraft, traveling at upwards of three times the speed of sound. Science Fiction Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. are among the space heavyweights developing experimental aircraft that could fly U.S. travelers at speeds right out of a science fiction movie. Lockheed’s Falcon Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2 is being designed to zip through the sky at Mach 20 (about 13,000 miles per hour), flying between New York and Los Angeles in 12 minutes. Boeing’s X-51A WaveRider, which relied on its own shock waves for compression lift, reached Mach 5.1 in 2013. Costs will need to drop substantially before these experimental spacecraft can be seriously considered for commercial use, Muilenburg said. “That business model isn’t closed yet. At some point it will,” he said. “The future of innovation has to include not only the technology, but economic viability.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 3 CliffordM on Oct 5, 2016 How irrelevant, Musk is an entrepreneur who can make decisions, while the CEO of Boeing is merely a corporate executive bound by corporate dogma. Log In or Register to post comments RichandNotFamous on Oct 5, 2016 I'm convinced the first person to set foot on a Mars bound Boeing rocket will be a CGI model, voiced by Tom Hanks, who stars in a short film at the beginning of the RFP Boeing creates for the DoD. Boeing and Lockheed Martin are among the heavyweights developing RFP's for the DoD so the RFQ's best meet the needs of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. Log In or Register to post comments Lone Star on Oct 6, 2016 Boeing delivered the 787 late, very late. Having served as a major supplier to Boeing I can assure you they are a large bureaucratic organization that can't do anything quickly. Elon Musk will be to Mars and back before Boeing has a plan working. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Musk’s Future: Driverless Roads by 2019, Mars Colonization by 2025 Musk Talked Merger With SolarCity CEO Before Tesla Stock Sale VW CEO Vows to Overcome Resistance, Push Tech Overhaul SpaceXcellent: Musk's Drone Ship Landing Is Moon Walk for New Space Age Musk's Master Plan for Tesla Is a Master Spin Job THE LATEST Emirates Says Rolls-Royce A380 Engines Not Up to Agreed Standard VW to Eliminate 30,000 Jobs in Landmark $3.9 Billion Savings Pact Trump Says Ford Called to Say Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Ford Sees Bumps Ahead with Used-Car Glut, Trump Presidency Measuring Up: Using Lead-time Metrics for Next-Generation Lean More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Ford Sees Bumps Ahead with Used-Car Glut, Trump Presidency These Industries are the Future of Additive Manufacturing CEOs, Leaders Urge Trump to Stand by Climate Pact How Grounded F-35s Returned To Flight IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Reimagining Safety in the Connected Enterprise Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Arts & Entertainment Museums 'Above and Beyond' at MSI will let you fly — kind of Above and Beyond exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry Jeff Buonomo, Manager of Special Exhibitions at the Museum of Science and Industry discusses the new Above and Beyond exhibit at the museum on Oct. 4, 2016. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Jeff Buonomo, Manager of Special Exhibitions at the Museum of Science and Industry discusses the new Above and Beyond exhibit at the museum on Oct. 4, 2016. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Steve JohnsonContact ReporterChicago Tribune In "Above and Beyond," the new exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry about humanity's urge to defy gravity, visitors can fly like an eagle — or maybe it's a seagull — amid seaside cliffs. They can design and pilot a fighter jet. And they can clean up space junk. Granted, these video simulations are not dissimilar to what you might be able to do at home with an Xbox and time on your hands. But at the South Side science palace, the activities are presented in a broader context, as part of an effort by big planemaker Boeing to inspire people to want to work in the aerospace industry. The exhibit, which opened Tuesday and will be up through January, is one of three such that Boeing, working with partners including NASA and the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum, currently has traveling the world's museums and science centers. Its not nearly as promotional in the execution as it might sound in the concept. ct-ent-1005-flight-exhibit-museum-science-industry Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Students from from Immaculate Conception St. Joseph in Chicago fly along with birds at the "Spread Your Wings" exhibit as the Museum of Science and Industry, Students from from Immaculate Conception St. Joseph in Chicago fly along with birds at the "Spread Your Wings" exhibit as the Museum of Science and Industry, (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) The Boeing branding is there, as the show uses many images of Boeing aircraft and Boeing wind-tunnel models and the like. But other companies are present as well. And more than a flat-out recruiting poster, like the recent MSI exhibit by the government's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency in the same museum galleries, this show is a snapshot of what is cutting-edge in flight, both within Earth's atmosphere and beyond it. MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR So along with the video-game components — simple enough for children, but compelling enough to engage adults — visitors will see scale models of many current or next-generation aircraft, including a powerful new rocket designed for space travel. And they'll see full-size versions of some drones, known in the trade as UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicle). These include Robobee, a craft displayed under a microscope that attempts to mimic the humble honeybee's complex flight mechanics, and a slightly larger hummingbird simulator, another aircraft using the flapping of wings as propulsion. There's a big, touch-screen light board that will take you, episodically, through the history of flight. In a neat, back-to-the-roots touch, the entry displays a roughly 14-foot-wide model of the B&W Seaplane, the first product by Boeing, now headquartered in Chicago. It was made, we learn, of wood, linen, and wire, none of which could have withstood the big weight that patrons later on get to drop onto a sheet of a newer plane material, carbon fiber. 'Above and Beyond' Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Chicago is commemorating 100 years of flight and space exploration with a new exhibit titled "Above and Beyond." Chicago is commemorating 100 years of flight and space exploration with a new exhibit titled "Above and Beyond." (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) But while you'll likely stay for the wealth of information about where flight is at right now and where it is going, you may very well come, and bring your kids, for the video game aspects. After trying the avian flight simulator, which turns your silhouette into a bird's, your arms into wings, I can report that birds must have ridiculously strong shoulder muscles. In other words — borrowed from an old joke, in fact — I went to "Above and Beyond" at the Museum of Science and Industry, and boy, are my arms tired. sajohnson@chicagotribune.com Twitter @StevenKJohnson MORE FROM STEVE JOHNSON: Penguins making a comeback at Lincoln Park Zoo Museum goodness abounds this fall. Here is a Top 10   Check out the latest movie reviews from Michael Phillips and the Chicago Tribune.   Check out reviews for all new music releases from Tribune music critic Greg Kot. Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Museums Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump Nobel winner Bob Dylan won't attend ceremony, but may give Nobel Lecture Black Eyed Peas' Taboo reveals cancer battle Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 61°
Subscribe | Sign in. 43° Overcast and Breezy See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars Archive for Tuesday, October 4, 2016 Former Ford CEO, KU grad to speak this week in Lawrence AP File Photo. Enlarge photo. Ford Motor Co. President and Chief Executive Officer Alan Mulally is a Lawrence native. Email Print Facebook Tweet Post a comment By Sara Shepherd — Lawrence Journal-World October 4, 2016 Advertisement Former Ford Motor Co. President and CEO Alan Mulally, a University of Kansas graduate, will speak this week at KU. Mulally is scheduled to present the KU School of Business Anderson Chandler Lecture, “Creating Value,” at 7 p.m. Thursday at the Lied Center. The event is free and open to the public. He received his bachelor’s and master’s degrees in aeronautical and astronautical engineering from KU, according to an announcement from the KU business school. He also earned a master's degree in management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an Alfred P. Sloan Fellow. His professional experience spans both engineering and the automotive industry. Mulally led Ford from 2006 to 2014, when he retired. Previously he was executive vice president of Boeing Co., president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes and president of Boeing Information, Space and Defense Systems. Among Mulally’s most visible recognitions: being named No. 3 on Fortune's "World's Greatest Leaders" list and one of the "World's Most Influential People" by TIME magazine.  He has received numerous other honors, including being inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame in July. He also serves on numerous boards, including President Barack Obama’s Export Council, and is a past president of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics and a past board chairman of the Governors of the Aerospace Industries Association. Mulally grew up in Lawrence, graduated from Lawrence High School, and has made public appearances in town several times while the head of Ford. In 2010 he spoke at the Lawrence Schools Foundation Community Education Breakfast. He spoke to engineering and other students at KU in 2009. He also visited KU in 2008 to accept the Kappa Sigma fraternity's 2007 Man of the Year award. “We are proud to welcome Alan Mulally back to his alma mater to deliver the 2016 Anderson Chandler Lecture," interim KU business dean James Guthrie, said. "This accomplished Jayhawk is one of the world’s great business leaders, and we look forward to hearing his insights on ‘Creating Value.’” KU’s previous Chandler lecturers have included Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback, FBI agent and KU School of Business alumnus Robert Herndon, and former Kansas Gov. Bill Graves. The business school is presenting Mulally’s talk in partnership with the KU School of Engineering’s Self Engineering Leadership Fellows Program. KU news Recent University of Kansas news stories Heard on the Hill blog @LJW_KU on Twitter Have a story idea? Contact Journal-World KU reporter Sara Shepherd: sshepherd@ljworld.com 785-832-7187 @saramarieshep Copyright 2016 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published. Print Favorite Comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: More like this story on LJWorld.com Ford CEO to lecture at KU Mulally embraces Ford's challenges Former CEO of Ford Motor Co. tells KU crowd to work together Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Commenting has been disabled for this item. Marketplace Today's lunch specials Hy-Vee on Clinton Parkway Buy one burger, get one 1/2 off · Hy-Vee Market Grille. Bottles of beer also 1/2 ... Set'em Up Jacks $7.99 Fish Fry Friday! Catfish dinner · All day long See all specials · Get lunch specials e-mail Most discussed Most e-mailed Editorial: The Facebook problem November 18, 2016 · 11 comments Kansas Congressman Pompeo is Trump's choice to be CIA director November 18, 2016 · 5 comments Hobbs Park mural altered with anti-Trump message November 17, 2016 · 12 comments Rep. Jenkins exits U.S. House leadership, may mull Kansas governor's race November 16, 2016 · 16 comments Opinion: Trump may lead to era of nationalist populism November 18, 2016 · 2 comments Letter to the editor: A Trump hope November 15, 2016 · 75 comments Blog: Rock Chalk Park project mentioned in city allegations against Oread hotel taxing district; Uber gets new competitor in Lawrence November 17, 2016 · 15 comments Opinion: Progressive America must resist Trump November 17, 2016 · 14 comments Several hundred protest President-elect Trump in downtown Lawrence November 12, 2016 · 106 comments Haskell basketball to wear special uniforms as part of Native American Heritage Month November 18, 2016 · 1 comment More KU's Frank Mason bringing stellar start to Allen Fieldhouse November 17, 2016 City files housing discrimination lawsuit on behalf of veteran with therapy dog November 17, 2016 Editorial: The Facebook problem November 18, 2016 Tom Keegan: Josh Jackson says Kansas can become 'great' defensive team November 17, 2016 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The World Company. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 52-55 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Govt watching economy closely, will step in if necessary 1479483372 World Tensions boil over in overcrowded Greek migrant camp 1479480439 World India's move to curb black money a 'disaster' for rural women, activists say 1479479491 World Zimbabwean anti-government activists shot at, beaten, abducted 1479480229 World UK's May tells Germany: Brexit preparations are 'on track' 1479479437 World Venezuela rejoins global anti-'blood diamonds' group 1479480075 World Oman's Sultan Qaboos makes first public appearance in nearly a year 1479480338 Business Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge 1479479950 Business Brookfield Asset proposes to take 50-60 percent stake in TerraForm Power 1479479637 Business Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online 1479480351 Business Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game 1479479685 World U.N. says Aleppo faces 'bleak moment', Syria convoys all blocked 1479476706 Business Wall St. opens flat, indexes near record highs 1479479738 World U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks 1479480669 World Social media’s globe-shaking power 1479481884 Business Trump opens doors for China in Latin America: Bloomberg View 1479481884 Tech Protect your digital life in 7 easy steps 1479481878 World Danish bishop’s 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history 1479480373 World Myanmar's training for non-Muslim police stokes fear in Rakhine 1479477865 Business Deutsche Bank looking to cut back U.S. mortgage securitization: sources 1479477805 Business Exclusive: Renault boss sees pay row with French government in election year 1479478742 Business VW to lower investment, R&D costs through 2020 1479479324 Business Abercrombie warns of challenging holiday quarter, shares skid 1479477708 World Some Turkish military officers at NATO seeking asylum: alliance chief 1479478059 World NATO says 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance 1479464858 Business Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by 2020 1479465737 World Pacific rim leaders to debate future of trade post-Trump 1479475776 World Aid trucks reach cut-off New Zealand town as quake bill mounts 1479478906 World Aerospace focus of homestay scheme lifts Japanese town 1479478881 World Ferry to boost tourism in Pattaya sets sail soon 1479478573 China&India Forget movie stars — in Hong Kong, tutors are the real celebrities 1479478278 Singapore Good Shepherd Loft nursing home in breach of MOH rules, faces possible closure 1479477480 World Northern Ireland court refers Brexit challenge to UK Supreme Court 1479476251 World Merkel: Didn't discuss sanctions on Russia over Syria with Obama, EU leaders 1479475261 World Obama, EU leaders agree to stick together, stay tough on Russia 1479477408 World U.N. investigators in area probing Aleppo convoy attack: Eliasson 1479476706 World More academics, mayors detained as Turkish purges enter fifth month 1479475689 World Philippine dictator Marcos buried at heroes' cemetery amid protests 1479467590 World UK frustratingly unclear about Brexit goals: Scottish minister 1479417298 World Japan's PM Abe meets Trump, says confident can build trust 1479458730 Lifestyle Take a walk in space this weekend 1479477079 Lifestyle 15 things to do with your kids this school holiday 1479476760 Singapore Man jailed, caned for obscene acts with a child 1479476775 Lifestyle Hipster parents, unite this weekend 1479475860 Lifestyle Where hipster parents hang out for great grub 1479474060 World Uganda's Museveni names new top electoral official, critics say he lacks credibility 1479474223 Business Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry 1479475559 Business LafargeHolcim's higher payout fails to cheer investors 1479474598 World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks 1479474737 Business Can Trump make coal great again? At least some companies think so 1479467167 Business Qatar Airways, Boeing to hold news conference in Washington DC as big jet order looms Qatar Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands at Le Bourget airport, one day before the 50th Paris Air Show. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 5, 2016 Updated: 5:55 AM, October 5, 2016 DOHA — Gulf carrier Qatar Airways and Boeing will hold a news conference on Friday (Oct 9), a spokeswoman for Qatar Airways told Reuters on Wednesday, as a big sale of Boeing widebody jetliners looked close to being clinched. Qatar Airways is in the process of firming up the order, which was delayed by the Qatari government in an effort to speed up US approval of its purchase of Boeing fighter jets, sources familiar with the situation told Reuters. If the deal is finalised, it would give the Chicago-based planemaker a substantial sales boost in a year when orders for widebody planes has slumped. Last Wednesday, the United States began notifying lawmakers informally that it had approved the sales of 36 Boeing F-15 fighter jets to Qatar, valued at about US$4 billion (S$5.48 billion). Last week people familiar with the situation said Qatar Airways was in the process of firming up an order for Boeing jets, which it was due to have placed at July's Farnborough airshow in Britain. The deal was delayed by the Qatari government in an effort to speed up US approval for the fighter contract, one of the sources said. The deal postponed in July was a top-up deal for about five Boeing 777-300ER worth US$1.7 billion at list prices, people familiar with the talks said, but the order could expand as the Gulf airline continues to target significant growth despite concerns over the Gulf economy. Bloomberg last week reported the deal was for at least 30 Boeing 777 and 787 jets, valued at about $6.7 billion at list prices. The airline is also in talks for about two dozen Boeing 737 MAX jetliners, aviation market sources said. Boeing and Qatar Airways declined to comment on the details of Friday's planned announcement. Qatar Airways Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker said in August that the airline planned to make a major aircraft order to enable its network expansion plans. Separately, Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said the company is making progress on a deal to provide more than 100 commercial airplanes to Iran though none will be delivered in 2016. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Inside Today World Social media’s globe-shaking power Former U.N. chief 'deeply concerned' as Myanmar violence toll jumps U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks Tensions boil over in overcrowded Greek migrant camp Danish bishop’s 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history Business Trump opens doors for China in Latin America: Bloomberg View Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Fantasy sports arch rivals DraftKings, FanDuel to merge Wall St. opens flat, indexes near record highs Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game Sports Joseph Schooling is home, as packed week awaits From football’s whipping boys to regional heavyweights NZ surprises by hiring Scotsman as sevens coach Experienced defence the key in Lions’ Suzuki Cup bid Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Qatar Airways, Boeing to hold news conference in Washington DC By Reuters Published: 17:51 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 17:51 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher DOHA, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Gulf carrier Qatar Airways and Boeing will hold a news conference on Friday, a spokeswoman for Qatar Airways told Reuters on Wednesday, as a big sale of Boeing widebody jetliners looked close to being clinched. Qatar Airways is in the process of firming up the order, which was delayed by the Qatari government in an effort to speed up U.S. approval of its purchase of Boeing fighter jets, sources familiar with the situation told Reuters. If the deal is finalised, it would give the Chicago-based planemaker a substantial sales boost in a year when orders for widebody planes has slumped. Last Wednesday, the United States began notifying lawmakers informally that it had approved the sales of 36 Boeing F-15 fighter jets to Qatar, valued at about $4 billion. Last week people familiar with the situation said Qatar Airways was in the process of firming up an order for Boeing jets, which it was due to have placed at July's Farnborough airshow in Britain. The deal was delayed by the Qatari government in an effort to speed up U.S. approval for the fighter contract, one of the sources said. The deal postponed in July was a top-up deal for about five Boeing 777-300ER worth $1.7 billion at list prices, people familiar with the talks said, but the order could expand as the Gulf airline continues to target significant growth despite concerns over the Gulf economy. Bloomberg last week reported the deal was for at least 30 Boeing 777 and 787 jets, valued at about $6.7 billion at list prices. The airline is also in talks for about two dozen Boeing 737 MAX jetliners, aviation market sources said. Boeing and Qatar Airways declined to comment on the details of Friday's planned announcement. Qatar Airways Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker said in August that the airline planned to make a major aircraft order to enable its network expansion plans. Separately, Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said the company is making progress on a deal to provide more than 100 commercial airplanes to Iran though none will be delivered in 2016. (Reporting by Tom Finn; Editing by Louise Ireland and James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing CEO Vows to Beat Musk to Mars Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson October 4, 2016 — 3:23 PM EDT Muilenburg sees space tourism taking root in next 20 years Company exploring supersonic, hypersonic jets to circle earth Elon Musk Reveals Plan for a City on Mars Boeing Co. once helped the U.S. beat the Soviet Union in the race to the moon. Now the company intends to go toe-to-toe with newcomers such as billionaire Elon Musk in the next era of space exploration and commerce. Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg sketched out a Jetsons-like future at a conference Tuesday, envisioning a commercial space-travel market with dozens of destinations orbiting the Earth and hypersonic aircraft shuttling travelers between continents in two hours or less. And Boeing intends to be a key player in the initial push to send humans to Mars, maybe even beating Musk to his long-time goal. “I’m convinced the first person to step foot on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Muilenburg said at the Chicago event on innovation, which was sponsored by the Atlantic magazine. Like Musk’s SpaceX, Boeing is focused on building out the commercial space sector near earth as spaceflight becomes more routine, while developing technology to venture far beyond the moon. The Chicago-based aerospace giant is working with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to develop a heavy-lift rocket called the Space Launch System for deep space exploration. Boeing and SpaceX are also the first commercial companies NASA selected to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. Mars Transport Musk last week welcomed competitors as he unveiled a SpaceX craft that would dwarf the workhorse of Apollo missions of a half-century ago, hauling 100 travelers to Mars with cruise-ship-style amenities. “The goal of SpaceX really is to build the transport system. It’s like building the Union Pacific railroad,” Musk told a space conference, as he laid out a plan to bring travel to Mars to a mass market with tickets priced one day as low as $100,000. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily dose of the news that’s moving markets around the world. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Your daily must-read for the most important news in markets. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us – around the world. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Boeing built the first stage for the Saturn V, the most powerful U.S. rocket ever built, which took men to the moon. Nowadays, Muilenburg sees space tourism closer to home “blossoming over the next couple of decades into a viable commercial market.” The International Space Station could be joined in low-earth orbit by dozens of hotels and companies pursuing micro-gravity manufacturing and research, he said. “I think it’s a fascinating area for us,” he said. Muilenburg said Boeing will make spacecraft for the new era of tourists. He also sees potential for hypersonic aircraft, traveling at upwards of three times the speed of sound. Science Fiction Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp. are among the space heavyweights developing experimental aircraft that could fly U.S. travelers at speeds right out of a science fiction movie. Lockheed’s Falcon Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2 is being designed to zip through the sky at Mach 20 (about 13,000 miles per hour), flying between New York and Los Angeles in 12 minutes. Boeing’s X-51A WaveRider, which relied on its own shock waves for compression lift, reached Mach 5.1 in 2013. Costs will need to drop substantially before these experimental spacecraft can be seriously considered for commercial use, Muilenburg said. “That business model isn’t closed yet. At some point it will,” he said. “The future of innovation has to include not only the technology, but economic viability.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Tesla's Next Big Delivery Can't Be Far Off Tesla Jumps as Third-Quarter Shipments Aid Musk Funding Plan Musk Needs More Than an Enormous Rocket to Build His ‘City on Mars’ Trending Now Trump Says Ford Called to Say It's Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky Pence Tells House GOP to Get Ready for Sweeping Legislation Obama Should Pardon ‘Dreamer’ Immigrants, Democrats Say Pelosi Faces Little-Known Opponent as Democrats Rue Election Musk Says Tesla’s Solar Shingles Will Cost Less Than a Dumb Roof Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Qatar Airways, Boeing to hold news conference in Washington DC By Reuters Published: 16:33 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 16:33 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail DOHA, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Gulf carrier Qatar Airways and Boeing will hold a news conference on Friday, a spokeswoman for Qatar Airways told Reuters on Wednesday, as a big sale of Boeing widebody jetliners looked close to being clinched. Qatar Airways is in the process of firming up the order, which was delayed by the Qatari government in an effort to speed up U.S. approval of its purchase of Boeing fighter jets, sources told Reuters. If the deal is finalised, it would give the Chicago-based planemaker a substantial sales boost in a year when orders for widebody planes has slumped. Last Wednesday, the United States began notifying lawmakers informally that it had approved the sales of 36 Boeing F-15 fighter jets to Qatar, valued at about $4 billion. (Reporting by Tom Finn; Editing by Louise Ireland) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing 'making progress' on airplane deal with Iran -CEO By Reuters Published: 14:27 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 14:27 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail By Nick Carey CHICAGO, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Aircraft maker Boeing Co is making progress on a deal to provide more than 100 commercial airplanes to Iran though none will be delivered in 2016, the company's top executive said on Tuesday. The deal is part of efforts to rebuild Iran's elderly fleet, an agreement included in a 2015 pact between Tehran and six world powers to lift most Western sanctions in exchange for limiting Iran's stockpiles of substances that could be used to make nuclear weapons. "We won't deliver any aircraft under that deal this year - these are deliveries that are a year, two, three downstream," Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Chicago on future technologies. "But it's significant opportunity for us and I'm pleased to see that we're making steady progress." Iran announced plans in January to buy 118 jets worth $27 billion at list prices from Europe's Airbus but has complained about unexpected delays in receiving U.S. licenses, which are needed due to the large number of U.S.-supplied parts. Boeing has also agreed to provide jets to Iran as it emerges from sanctions. Frustrated with the delays, an Iranian official told Reuters last month that the Airbus deal could be reduced by six airplanes and the Boeing deal could be clipped by one jet to 108 aircraft instead of 109. Muilenburg said Boeing is "in the final stages of working through the deal structure with our customers in Iran" while also working through the U.S. government licensing process. The CEO also said that the company's target to match airplane orders to deliveries this year "versus spreading those orders out over a couple of quarters is not a pressing business issue for us." (Reporting By Nick Carey; editing by Grant McCool) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Boeing Executive, Kenneth Swope, to Keynote at PLM Road Map for the Aerospace & Defense Industry Presentation will offer a high level review of the objectives, the requirements, and a roadmap for the definition and implementation of a "minimum digital thread." Boeing's Kenneth Swope   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Aerospace * Boeing * CIMdata By Industry: * AerospaceANN ARBOR, Mich. - Oct. 4, 2016 - PRLog -- CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces that Kenneth Swope of Boeing Commercial Airplanes will open PLM Road Map™ for the Aerospace & Defense Industry in collaboration with PDT Europe with a keynote presentation on "Model-Based Definition and Bill of Material Definition to Facilitate Information Flow Through the Product Lifecycle." PLM Road Map for the Aerospace & Defense Industry will take place on November 8 at The Renaissance Paris La Defense, Paris, France. PDT Europe will take place at the same location on November 9-10. Modern engineering design systems have enabled significant productivity improvements in the design process and have contributed to an explosion of information around the design that confounds downstream utilization of the design data. Designers spend an ever increasing percentage of their time working with supplemental information and less time doing technical work. The customization of design practices and data leads to the need for specialized training, which in turn increases the "on boarding" costs for new employees and limits the ability to share resources from other programs or from design centers. In addition, production systems and suppliers are given more information than is needed which creates confusion. Unique, poorly documented custom data representations make it difficult to integrate, maintain, and replace information systems. To address this pain-point a group of like-minded industry peers came together to jointly fund and staff a project team to identify root causes and potential remedies. In his keynote presentation, Mr. Swope will share a high level review of the objectives, requirements, and a roadmap for the definition and implementation of a "minimum digital thread." The project involved reaching agreement on the minimum content required in full 3D model-based definition and engineering bill of material definition, agreeing on a set of standards for representation of this information, communicating objectives and requirements to solution providers for their review and comment, and reaching closure on a joint plan of action. As the Business Capabilities Architecture Lead at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Mr. Swope is responsible for the integrated set of business architecture products related to Boeing's airplane business. These products include business requirements, performance measures, business data, and process management. In addition, Mr. Swope leads the organization that is integrating the future state architecture and plan for Boeing Commercial Airplanes' processes and tools. During his 22 years at Boeing, Mr. Swope has worked in manufacturing research, operations research, program management, and product change management. PLM Road Map 2016 for the Aerospace & Defense (A&D) industry is the must-attend event for A&D industry executives and PLM practitioners globally—providing independent education and a collaborative networking environment where ideas, trends, experiences, and relationships critical to the A&D industry germinate and take root. For more information visit: http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/plm-conferences/2016-... About CIMdata CIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise's ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies. CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata's services, visit our website, www.CIMdata.com; follow us on Twitter at http://twitter.com/CIMdataPLMNews ; or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA; Tel: +1 734.668.9922; Fax: +1 734.668.1957; or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands, Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666. Contact CIMdata ***@cimdata.com End Source : CIMdata Email : ***@cimdata.com Listed Under- Tags : Aerospace, Boeing, CIMdata Industry : Aerospace Location : Ann Arbor - Michigan - United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse CIM PRs BAE Systems Executive, Neil Fleming, to Present at CIMdata's PLM Road Map for A&D CIMdata to Host Free Webinar on PLM Standards CIMdata Vice President, to be Featured in Upcoming Webinar on Product Cost Management Manufacturing Expert to Keynote at CIMdata's PLM Road Map for the Global Automotive Industry Director of Engineering Tools & Processes at Lear to Present at PLM Road Map Trending News New Music Release by Latin Artist Miguel Angel 'El Bronco' Titled "Dolor!" Robert Cadogan & Heidy Frank join Dranoff 2 Piano Foundation Board Baby K'tan, LLC Announces Global Expansion with 2012 Ltd Tourette Association of America Announces Three New Board Members DutchCrafters Participates in American Made Matters Day Top Daily News RaceAmerica Corporation partners with ALM Sales PTY Ltd - 435 views Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 394 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 260 views WalkMe Inc. Ranked Number #13 Fastest Growing Company in North America - 231 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 225 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1233 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 921 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 802 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 737 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 708 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 243 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 205 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 187 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 148 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 SpaceX and its biggest competitors are waging a space battle on Capitol Hill Dave Mosher and Rebecca Harrington Oct. 4, 2016, 1:46 PM 8,102 facebook linkedin twitter email print SpaceX founder Elon Musk. Flickr; iStock: Paul Sancya/AP; Skye Gould/Business Insider A space battle is being fought on Capitol Hill, and a fleet of rocket companies are using millions of lobbying dollars to wage it. The core struggle is between SpaceX, founded in 2002 by tech entrepreneur Elon Musk, and United Launch Alliance (ULA), which is jointly owned by aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin. At stake is roughly $70 billion worth of Pentagon satellite launch contracts through 2030, plus what some members of Congress argue is the safety of future astronauts. While the skirmish dates back more than a decade, lawmakers began sparring over issues central to each company's interests in the past week — just days after SpaceX founder Elon Musk debuted his bold vision for colonizing Mars. On September 27, Rep. Mike Coffman (R-CO), who represents the district where ULA is headquartered, penned a four-page congressional letter with nine other House Republicans and sent it to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), NASA, and the US Air Force (USAF). The oversight letter — which has no legal authority, but government organizations almost always respond to — calls on the federal agencies to take control of SpaceX's internally led investigations and specifically references the company's most recent rocket failures on September 1, 2016, and June 28, 2015. "These failures could have spelled disaster, even loss of life, had critical national security payloads or NASA crew been aboard those rockets," the letter states. "Both SpaceX failures occurred after the Air Force certified the Falcon 9 launch vehicle for US national security launches, less than fifteen months ago." But on Tuesday, October 4, a larger, bipartisan group of 24 members of Congress delivered a rebuttal. Their letter urges the FAA, NASA, and USAF to stay the course. "Accidents are unfortunate events, and accident investigations should not be politicized. We encourage you to reject calls for your organizations to abandon established, well considered, and long standing procedures," states the letter, led by Rep. Bill Flores (R-TX), whose district includes a large SpaceX facility. Beyond any convictions about how the commercial space industry should work, and what constitutes appropriate use of taxpayer dollars, lobbyist spending seems to be driving the latest feud. In 2015 alone, SpaceX dropped almost $1.8 million on its lobbying efforts — up from about $569,000 just 5 years earlier, according to data gathered by the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics (which tracks federal campaign contributions and lobbying efforts on its website opensecrets.org) But the company could be vastly outspent by its competitors. ULA dropped nearly $1.5 million in 2015, up from $120,000 in 2010. Meanwhile, Boeing poured nearly $21.9 million in 2015 into defense and aerospace lobbying (up from $17.9 million in 2010) and Lockheed Martin spent almost $13.8 million in 2015 (up from $12.7 million in 2010). It's unclear if and how much the joint owners of ULA spend to back its interests, since both companies develop a vast amount of US military technologies, but it stands to reason some of it could be used to support ULA. (Neither company addressed our inquiry into the matter.) In either case, a sizable cut of that money has ended up in the campaign coffers of many lawmakers who seem to be fighting on the companies' behalves. A drawn-out space battle A ULA-built Atlas V rocket launches the Juno spacecraft toward Jupiter in 2011. Bill Ingalls/NASA The rivalry between the rocket-launching companies goes back at least a decade. Boeing and Lockheed Martin used to compete against each other for military launch contracts, but in 2005 they announced their plan to lay down arms and form a joint rocket-launching business: ULA. At the time, SpaceX was just 3-year-old rocket company with few launches under its belt — and a lot to prove. It nonetheless sued Boeing and Lockheed Martin in October 2005 in an attempt to block ULA's formation under antitrust law. A judge dismissed SpaceX's lawsuit in February 2006 on the grounds that the company had no suitable alternative. The FTC later (and reluctantly) approved the joint venture in October 2006, expressing that, while it was concerned about "anticompetitive harm", the Pentagon needed "assured access to space" and ULA was the only real option. SpaceX didn't forget about ULA's military spaceflight monopoly, yet chose to focus its energies elsewhere. Over the next 8 years, Musk's aerospace company matured its Falcon 9 rocket design, figured out how to build rocket boosters that can land themselves at sea, bagged contracts with telecommunications satellite providers, and worked toward winning NASA contracts to resupply the space station (and eventually launch people into space). But in September 2013, when SpaceX says it was "just days away" from its third and final certification flight — which the USAF requires to compete with ULA for Pentagon contracts — the Air Force quietly inked a contract with ULA to fly its next 36 launches. SpaceX sued the government over the deal in April 2014, detailing its rationale in a press release: "Since the merger, not only have there been no savings but costs have skyrocketed. Vehicle costs are up from approximately $100M per vehicle to $400M per vehicle—making ULA's launch vehicles the most expensive not just in the US, but the world. In addition, the United States pays ULA nearly $1 billion dollars per year just to maintain the ability to launch—regardless of whether or not they launch a single rocket. ... "To be clear, SpaceX is not seeking to be awarded any launch contracts. We are simply seeking the opportunity to compete—and not just for SpaceX, but for any qualified company. If we compete and we lose, that's ok too." In January 2015, the US Justice Department settled with SpaceX, which dropped its lawsuit. Four months later, in May 2015, SpaceX earned its USAF certification, followed by receiving its first $83 million military satellite launch contract — a bid hundreds of millions of dollars less than ULA's typical pricing. Another flash point for SpaceX vs. Boeing-Lockheed-ULA involved a government rule limiting the use of Russian-made RD-180 engines, which are powerful devices that ULA uses to propel heavy military satellites into orbit. While Russia aggressively annexed Crimea in Ukraine, SpaceX lobbied intensely to have the engines banned after 2019 in a re-authorization of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Since SpaceX makes its own rocket engines, passage of the rule might have guaranteed its own military launch monopoly. But Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) — to whom SpaceX contributed at least $16,500 in the latest election cycle, and who is the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee — ultimately backed down from his position that allowing the use of RD-180s would be funding "Putin's top cronies". In a legislative compromise earlier this year, the NDAA re-authorization gave ULA permission to use 18 of the RD-180 engines on its rockets through 2022. (The much-deeper pockets of Boeing and Lockheed Martin almost certainly helped win the day.) Amid these legal actions, SpaceX suffered two launch failures (in 2012 and 2015) and a string of anomalies at launch — giving Coffman and other politicians multiple openings to wade into the fray. Rocket-powered lobbying Rep. Mike Coffman. Associated Press Raising issues about SpaceX, its launch failures and anomalies, and its relationship with the US government is not a first for Coffman. As a member of the House Armed Services strategic forces subcommittee, which oversees military spacecraft, he did so in 2014, and in 2015 on multiple occasions. (His calls for change were mostly rebuffed by government agencies.) The congressman now faces a tough 2016 reelection campaign in his district — the home base of ULA. Records show that, during his political career, Coffman has accepted at least $51,800 in campaign donations from Lockheed Martin and $21,000 from Boeing, and has publicly defended ULA. In the 2016 election cycle, SpaceX contributed money to at least half of the 24 signers of the congressional letter that responded to (and contested) Coffman's. Flores himself has taken at least $2,000, and cosigner Loretta Sanchez (D-CA) accepted at least $7,000 from SpaceX. Flores also presides over district 17 in Texas, which is home to SpaceX's 4,000-acre rocket development facility in the town of McGregor. Samantha Masunaga, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times, captured the friction well in a story published in May 2016 "Traditional launch providers see their market being threatened by nontraditional entrants," Loren Thompson, aerospace analyst at the Lexington Institute think tank (which is funded by Boeing and Lockheed Martin), told Masunaga. "Basically, this is competition between launch providers over market share and money that in the political process gets related to local interests." Business Insider contacted Rep. Coffman's press secretary as well as ULA about campaign funding and other issues related to this story, but we did not immediately receive a response. A representative from Boeing could not immediately provide a comment, and a Lockheed Martin representative declined to comment. Representatives from Rep. Flores' office did not immediately reply, and a SpaceX spokesperson told Business Insider that he was looking into getting us a response. Despite the apparent turf-based lobbying war, Coffman and his colleagues are not alone in their critique of how government agencies permit SpaceX to internally lead their own mishap investigations — and, by extension, other rocket companies like Orbital ATK and ULA. (Both have led their own investigations in recent years.) In fact, a June 2016 audit by NASA's Office of Inspector General (OIG) argues that internally led probes don't meet the bar for being independent. Semi-internal investigations The SpaceX explosion during a test on the launch pad in September 2016 (left), and the explosion mid-air delivering supplies to the International Space Station in June 2015. NASA/Business Insider The first SpaceX incident in question was an in-flight explosion of a Falcon 9 rocket on June 28, 2015, which destroyed a NASA payload bound for the International Space Station. SpaceX followed a pre-approved plan to do an internal accident investigation with some federal oversight, ultimately determining that a faulty strut had caused the accident. The June 2016 NASA OIG audit concluded that investigation lacked Independence "because 11 of the 12 voting members were SpaceX employees." "While not required in the CRS-1 contract, this lack of independence does not meet Government best practice standards for NASA, NTSB, and USAF investigations and could impact the board's ability to identify the root cause and make corrective actions," the report read. NASA only partially agreed with OIG's assessment, stating that company expertise and close collaboration with federal agencies made for an efficient process to identify the root cause and get back to flying rockets.  SpaceX's most recent incident was a launchpad fireball of a Falcon 9 rocket on September 1, 2016, in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The percussive blaze destroyed a $200 million satellite that Facebook planned to lease, and SpaceX again followed a federal law to perform its own investigation (since no people were harmed). That investigation isn't done, though a helium system seems to be at fault. Musk said in a press call on September 27 that the company hasn't lost any contracts because of the incident. "If something happens to SpaceX, it gets 100 times more press ... The public may think that our rockets fail, but actually lots of rockets fail," he told reporters. "This is a small thing on a long road. There will probably be other failures in the future." For its ongoing investigation, SpaceX nearly doubled its team to a core group of "around 20 people," of which "more than half are representatives from FAA, NASA, US Air Force and industry experts," a company spokesperson previously told Business Insider in an email. Leading the entire group is Hans Koenigsmann — SpaceX's vice president of mission assurance. "[W]e believe he is the best person to do so," the spokesperson said. "We are collaborating very closely with the participating agencies, sharing raw data and providing access to meetings." But the 10 signers of the first congressional letter do not seem satisfied with the internally led process. "We feel strongly that the current investigation should be led by NASA and the Air Force to ensure that proper investigative engineering rigor is applied and that the outcomes are sufficient to prevent NASA and military launch mishaps in the future," the letter states. John Taylor, a SpaceX spokesperson, declined to comment when provided a copy of the first letter. How federal agencies responded A SpaceX Falcon 9 lifts off and lands part of the rocket back on Earth. Twitter/SpaceX The first letter calls on the FAA, USAF, and NASA for their responses to the letter by October 31, 2016. Business Insider forwarded both a draft and then a signed letter to those agencies as well as to the DoD (which is named in the letter) and asked for comment. Hank Price, an FAA spokesperson, told Business Insider "it'd take some time to draft a response, and we wouldn't respond to it until we'd spoken to the Congressman first." Another FAA spokesperson later told Business Insider in an email: "The FAA received the letter late Thursday afternoon and has not had a chance to review it. Safety of all operations, including commercial space, is our top priority, and the FAA is closely overseeing the accident investigation. We will respond to the members of Congress in a timely manner." NASA representatives for the agency's Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate told Business Insider in an email "we haven't officially received this, but even when we do, we wouldn't be able to comment in advance of responding." Laura Seal, a DoD spokesperson, told Business Insider by email that the "letter is not addressed to the Department of Defense. If we do receive a letter from Congress on this topic for response, we would respond directly to the author." Representatives at the USAF did not immediately reply. The congressional letters Below is the full text of the first letter, from Coffman's group on September 27: And the second letter from Flores' contingent, released October 4: Correction: A previous version of this post misstated which entity settled SpaceX's April 2014 lawsuit. The US Justice Department, which represents the USAF in legal proceedings, reached an agreement with SpaceX in January 2015 (not ULA). SEE ALSO: Here's Elon Musk's complete, sweeping vision on colonizing Mars to save humanity DON'T MISS: SpaceX is 'unlikely' to start launching rockets again as quickly as it has said NOW WATCH: Elon Musk rarely hires non-US citizens to work at SpaceX — here’s why Loading video... More: Space Rockets Investigations SpaceX Boeing United Launch Alliance Lockheed Martin Congress Spaceflight facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru SpaceX and its biggest competitors are waging a space battle on Capitol Hill SpaceX and its biggest competitors are waging a space battle on Capitol Hill A space battle is being fought on Capitol Hill... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out19:04 GMT +318 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search India Mulls Rafale or Gripen Combat Aircraft Over F-16 © AFP 2016/ FABRICE COFFRINI Military & Intelligence 18:24 04.10.2016Get short URL 1426267196 India is looking to fully produce and own the technology behind its next round of fighter jets to be produced in the country. © AFP 2016/ ANNE-CHRISTINE POUJOULAT French Firm Dassault Chooses India's Reliance Group in Rafale Aircraft DealNEW DELHI (Sputnik) — In what could be a difficult road ahead for US manufacturers Boeing and Lockheed Martin, Indian Air Force Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha will prefer the company that would not only set up its production line in India but would also be ready to transfer technology. During Defense Minister Manohar Parrikar's visit to the US in August, Boeing and Lockheed Martin made official proposals to manufacture F/A-18 and F-16s respectively under the "Make in India" campaign. Air Chief Marshal Raha said that companies like Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and SAAB had offered to set up manufacturing units for combat aircraft in India. India and France have already signed an intergovernmental agreement for 36 Rafale combat aircraft. The first Rafale is expected to be inducted into Indian Air Force by 2019. "Any air force would be proud to have aircraft of the Rafale class, which is in the mid-weight category. A decision on more numbers of Rafale jets will be taken in the near future which would be based on its capability," said Raha. © YouTube: Shiv Aroor India’s Deployment of BrahMos Supersonic Stealth Missile is Making China NervousRaha said that Sweden's Gripen fighter aircraft is a good fighter as compared to others like the F-16, but their final decision will take into consideration whomever gives the best deal, the capabilities and the transfer of technology. Earlier in June this year, Raha inspected the SAAB production facility in Linkoping, Sweden. SAAB offered to develop, manufacture and undertake the final assembly of its Gripen E fighter jet in India. The Indian Air Force currently has 33 active fighter squadrons. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 196 Related: Rafale Deal Means Recognition of Competitiveness of French Aviation Industry India, France Sign $8.7 Bln Contract on Delivery of 36 Rafale Jets India’s Rafale Fighter Jets to Serve as ‘Strategic Delivery System’ of Nukes India Coaxes France Into Selling its Air-to-Air Missile Equipped Rafale Tags: F-16, Dassault Rafale, Gripen, Indian Air Force, India, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply American Socialist 18:32 04.10.2016 | -1 | Edit | Delete "Make in India" .. however, we will buy from the company that offers "Transfer of Technology". LOL.. India is a joke. Reply serachingsomethingin reply toAmerican Socialist(Show commentHide comment) 06:55 05.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete American Socialist, sure, then enjoy the joke, dont crib....Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories US in Syria: Obama's Failed 'Final Accord' US policy in Syria is clearly in a gridlock, however it seems clear to everyone except the While House and the US State Department. Meanwhile, the Obama administration could have at least tried to find a solution before it vacates the office, but has shown no interest in doing so, according to RIA Novosti observer Ilya Kharlamov. 8781 NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish Tensions NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has called for Europe to do more on defense and security, but cautioned against an EU-led military operation, while also asserting the strategic importance of Turkey as a NATO member, despite continuing friction between Ankara and Brussels. 2160 Some Like It Hot... And Expensive: 7 Celebrity Outfits Sold for Big Bucks An iconic moment in the life of one of Hollywood's great movie stars, in 1962, Marilyn Monroe shimmied onto a stage in New York's Madison Square Garden. Squeezed into a dress so tight, she had to be sewn into it, Monroe sang then-President John F. Kennedy a very sultry "Happy Birthday" to celebrate him turning 45. 0 34 All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds Pigs have personalities too - and can be pretty moody sometimes which can even affect the decisions they make, according to a new study carried out on the four-legged creatures in the UK. 0 17 US Security Company Busts New Chinese Smartphone Spyware Security company Kryptowire managed to identify millions of Android smartphones that were laced with hidden software that allowed a third party to spy on their users’ activities. 0 271 'The First Line of Defense': Peshmerga to Stay in Iraq's Liberated Areas Peshmerga forces entered key areas liberated from Daesh terrorists in Iraq's Kurdistan and will stay on there in the future, Kemah Makhmud, advisor to the President of the Kurdistan told Sputnik Arabic. 0 114 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:57All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds 18:56Pakistan Navy Prevents Indian Subs From Entering Country's Territorial Waters 18:56Russia Allocates $1Mln to Develop Infrastructure Projects in Black Sea Region 18:50'Stop-Jihadism': France Launches Anti-Radicalization Campaign 18:45Trump: Flynn to Be 'Invaluable Asset' as National Security AdviserAll news Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 15428 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 12297 India Increases Bargaining Power as Home-Made Military Drone Passes First Test 12031 Russia Still India’s Main Partner in Nuclear Energy Despite French, US Interest 10082 Indian Overnight Currency Ban Hits Bull's Eye on Terror Funding 10075All news Outgoing US President Obama Holds Farewell Meeting With Top Ally Merkel 39 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win 37 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 31 Kirby Must Be Disciplined for Discrimination of RT Journalist - Lavrov 28 Lavrov Says Washington, Moscow Unable to Maintain Negative Course in Relations 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok

null
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 705 30 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Hurricane Matthew: More airlines waiving fees for U.S. flights Air travelers were keeping a wary eye on Hurricane Matthew as it churned toward the USA. Post to Facebook Hurricane Matthew: More airlines waiving fees for U.S. flights Air travelers were keeping a wary eye on Hurricane Matthew as it churned toward the USA.  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://usat.ly/2dWGSlP {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Hurricane Matthew: More airlines waiving fees for U.S. flights Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 12:16 p.m. EDT October 5, 2016 2.7k Shares Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share WUSA's chief meteorologist continues to track Hurricane Matthew as it heads towards Cuba. LATEST UPDATE HERE: Airlines change-fee waivers expand north as Matthew nears (Wednesday, Oct. 6) Air travelers were keeping a wary eye on Hurricane Matthew as forecasts continued to show it tracking toward the U.S. East Coast later this week. Underscoring the ominous forecast, several big U.S. airlines have extended their Matthew-related change-fee waivers to cover U.S. airports. That all comes as Matthew churns through the Caribbean and looks increasingly likely to at least come close to Florida and other East Coast states. A U.S. landfall remained a possibility by late week, though the storm’s projected path still had a large degree of uncertainty. For now, Matthew forced airlines to cancel some flights to Caribbean islands like Jamaica, Haiti and the Turks and Caicos.  U.S. fliers headed to those regions this week should prepare for disruptions. More coverage of Hurricane Matthew Evacuations begin ahead of Matthew Hurricane Matthew to trigger storm surge, beach erosion Florida braces for Matthew Storm threatens these weekend sport events NASA images show Matthew from space Hurricane Matthew’s path similar to Hazel’s in 1954 The complete cessation of flights is likely for parts of Cuba and in the Bahamas, where the nation's busiest airport has already said it will suspend all flight operations sometime Wednesday. Other airports in the nation were halting flights Tuesday. Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Stunning views of the dangerous Category 4 Hurricane Matthew as seen from the windows of the International Space Station. USA TODAY The U.S. State Department had issued travel warnings related to Matthew, advising Americans in parts of Cuba, Jamaica, Haiti and the Bahamas to leave ahead of the storm, if possible. FLIGHT TRACKER: Is your flight on time? USA TODAY World's strangest-looking airplane? A closer look at the Airbus 'Beluga' By Tuesday afternoon, the nation's three biggest airlines -- American, Delta and United -- had all added certain U.S. destinations to their change-fee waivers. JetBlue had done the same. Previously, all the Matthew-related change-fee waivers of U.S. airlines had been limited to Caribbean destinations. Generally speaking, the change-fee waivers allow customers to make one change to their itineraries without paying additional charges or fares. The fine print varies by airline and by destination. More airlines will likely issue waivers for U.S. airports as Matthew continues to track closer to the U.S. coastline. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Hurricane Matthew left a trail of destruction  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Wayne Edwards, left, and Vance Barden carry personal items through a street in Fair Bluff, N.C., flooded by Hurricane Matthew.  Sean Rayford, Getty Images Fullscreen Evelyn McCormick looks out at what used to be her back yard in Hope Mills, N.C.  Andrew Craft, The Fayetteville Observer, via AP Fullscreen A tractor-trailer is submerged in floodwaters caused by rain from Hurricane Matthew on North Carolina's Highway 211 near the Mayfair neighborhood in Lumberton, N.C., on Oct. 11, 2016.  Mike Spencer, AP Fullscreen Lineman work to restore power line near Interstate 95 after the area was flooded by rain from Hurricane Matthew in Lumberton, N.C., on Oct. 11, 2016.  Mike Spencer, AP Fullscreen Natalie McDowell walks to her flooded home Oct. 11, 2016, in Nichols, S.C. About 150 people were rescued by boats from flooding in the riverside village of Nichols the day before.  Rainier Ehrhardt, AP Fullscreen A herd of deer crosses a flooded Highway 9 near Nichols, S.C. on Oct. 11, 2016. The town was hit with heavy flooding after Hurricane Matthew.  Rainier Ehrhardt, AP Fullscreen A welcome sign is submerged in floodwaters in front of the Nichols Methodist Church on Oct. 11, 2016, in Nichols, S.C.  Rainier Ehrhardt, AP Fullscreen A man carries personal items through a street in Fair Bluff, N.C., flooded by Hurricane Matthew.  Sean Rayford, Getty Images Fullscreen George Aubert rescues one of his chickens from rising floodwaters caused by Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 11, 2016, in Fair Bluff, N.C.  Sean Rayford, Getty Images Fullscreen Residents walk on a part of closed A1A highway washed out by Hurricane Matthew in Flagler Beach, Fla., on Oct. 9, 2016.  Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Chris Hinds walks between boats pushed up amongst the twisted docks at Palmetto Bay Marina damaged by Hurricane Matthew in Hilton Head, S.C., on Oct. 9, 2016.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Displaced residents from Hurricane Matthew walk into a shelter in Bluffton, S.C., on Oct. 9, 2016.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Chuck Cook waits with fellow motorists for the road to open to return to his home on St. Helena Island, S.C., as he sits at a road block set up for traffic heading toward the coast in the wake of Hurricane Matthew near Green Pond, S.C., on Oct. 9, 2016.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Missy Zinc holds a flashlight for her husband Shawn as he prepares steaks to grill as they spend another night without power from Hurricane Matthew in Hilton Head, S.C., on Oct. 9, 2016.  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen Abandoned cars sit in flood waters on Atlantic Avenue near Crabtree Creek in Raleigh, N.C., after Hurricane Matthew caused downed trees and flooding Oct. 9, 2016. Hurricane Matthew's torrential rains triggered severe flooding in North Carolina on Sunday as the deteriorating storm made its exit to the sea, and thousands of people had to be rescued from their homes and cars.  Travis Long, The News & Observer, via AP Fullscreen A downed tree blocks traffic on Lassiter Mill Road in Raleigh, N.C., after Hurricane Matthew caused downed trees and flooding Oct. 9, 2016.  Travis Long/The News & Observer via AP Fullscreen With heavy rains and strong winds from the remnants of Hurricane Matthew residents along Briarfield Drive in the Great Bridge area of Chesapeake, Va., heard this tree fall about 2 a.m on Oct. 9, 2016.   Steve Earley/The Virginian-Pilot via AP Fullscreen The underpass on E Brambleton Ave in Norfolk, Va., is completely flooded after heavy rains and high tides from the remnants of Hurricane Matthew early Sunday morning, Oct. 9, 2016. Forecasters said North Carolina and Virginia could get even more rain and warned of the danger of life-threatening flooding through Monday night.   Steve Earley/The Virginian-Pilot via AP Fullscreen About two dozen cars are stranded in deep water on Effingham Street in Portsmouth, Va., just south of tech 264 overpass after heavy rains and high tides from the remnants of Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 9, 2016  Steve Earley, AP Fullscreen Kyle Simmons wades through water to check on the home of his grandmother following Hurricane Matthew in Edisto Island, Ga., Sunday, Oct. 9, 2016. A deteriorating Matthew was stripped of hurricane status Sunday morning and began making its slow exit to the sea. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ORG XMIT: SCDG110  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen A damaged home in Savannah, Ga. is seen Oct. 9, 2016, after a tree split and fell through the roof and front wall early Friday morning as Hurricane Matthew affected the Georgia coast. Homeowner Karen Currier said she and her husband were inside and escaped with a few scratches.  Kathleen Foody, AP Fullscreen A home and truck are submerged after flooding caused by Hurricane Matthew, in Hope Mills, N.C. on Oct. 9, 2016.  Caitlin Penna, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Alex Bligen clears away debris from Hurricane Matthew that washed over the only road into Edisto Island, S.C., on Oct. 9, 2016. "This is my home," said Bligen who came down on his own to clear the road. "You can't wait on everything to be done for you. Sometimes you need to take action yourself."  David Goldman, AP Fullscreen A man leans on a damaged boardwalk at a debris covered beach in St Augustine, Fla. on Oct. 8, 2016, after Hurricane Matthew passed the area.  Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen In this Oct. 8, 2016 US Coast Guard handout photo, an MH-60 helicopter flies over flooded areas of Charleston, South Carolina after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Petty Officer 3rd Class Alexandria Preston/US COAST GUARD, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Residents are allowed back in to Jacksonville Beach on Oct. 8, 2016, after Hurricane Matthew spread Category 2 winds and storm-surge flooding along the coast.   Joe Rondone, Tallahassee Democrat via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jacksonville Beach is seen on Oct. 8, 2016, after Hurricane Matthew spread category 2 wind speeds and storm surge flooding along the coast.   Joe Rondone, Tallahassee Democrat via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen A fleet of power trucks head south on I-95 near Jesup, Ga., to begin restoring power in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 8, 2016.   Curtis Compton, Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP Fullscreen A road is covered with debris in Jacksonville on Oct. 8, 2016, after Hurricane Matthew.  Joe Rondone, Tallahassee Democrat via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Onlookers navigate a flooded Water Street in Wilmington, N.C., on Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew moves into the Carolinas.  Gerry Boome, AP Fullscreen A driver creeps through rising water along Water Street beside the Cape Fear River in Wilmington, N.C., Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew moves into the Carolinas.  Gerry Boome, AP Fullscreen Residents Julia Schittko and Nathan Ogdon walk along flooded Water Street in Wilmington, N.C., Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew moves into the Carolinas.  Gerry Broome, AP Fullscreen This photo provided by Jacob Jordan shows Frying Pan Tower. A North Carolina man and his fiancee are riding out Hurricane Matthew on top of the old Coast Guard light station more than 30 miles off the Atlantic coast. Richard Neal is the owner of Frying Pan Tower, a platform that is about 100 or so feet above the ocean, only reachable by helicopter or boat.  Jacob Jordan via AP Fullscreen A worker clears limbs from a house where a man died when a tree fell on his bedroom following Hurricane Matthew.  Lauren Petracca, The Greenville News Fullscreen Jamie Kunkle, who lives in the Harleston neighborhood of Charleston, wades through water outside her home after Hurricane Matthew.  Heidi Heilbrunn, The Greenville News Fullscreen Charleston resident Isaac Morton rides his bike through a flooded street after Hurricane Matthew.  Heidi Heilbrunn, The Greenville News Fullscreen A sign lays on the sidewalk in downtown Myrtle Beach, S.C., after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Maddy Jones, Asheville Citizen-Times Fullscreen Two boats are beached near St. Augustine after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen Beach erosion along the shore in St. Augustine, Fla., from Hurricane Matthew.   Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen A1A is seen after ocean waters stirred up by Hurricane Matthew washed away part of the oceanfront road in Flagler Beach, Fla.   Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen A car drives through flooded Market Street as rain and winds from Hurricane Matthew pound downtown Charleston, S.C.  Heidi Heilbrunn, The Greenville News Fullscreen Streets in Crescent Beach, Fla., are underwater from the effects of Hurricane Matthew.   Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen A roadway near St. Augustine is cleared after Hurricane Matthew ripped through the area.  Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen Daytona Beach after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen Daytona Beach after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen A half-submerged car is left on the side of Highway 501 in Myrtle Beach, S.C., during Hurricane Matthew.   Tonya Maxwell, Asheville Citizen-Times Fullscreen Daytona Beach after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Andrew West, The News-Press Fullscreen The home of Charlie and Janice Long in Rockledge, Fla., was a destroyed by a fire in the early-morning hours as Hurricane Matthew lashed Brevard County.The couple lost their possessions, vehicle, and their four cats are missing.  Tim Shortt, Flordia Today Fullscreen Shawn Beck and Chris Druse of Druse Landscaping and tree service work on clearing a sea grape tree that fell on a home in Indialantic during Hurricane Matthew in Melbourne, Fla.  Craig Bailey, Flordia Today Fullscreen A person walks along the Charleston Battery to view the damage from Hurricane Matthew.   Heidi Heilbrunn, The Greenville News Fullscreen A woman runs through debris following Hurricane Matthew in Savannah, Ga.  Lauren Petracca, The Greenville News Fullscreen Shawn Beck and Josh Druse work to clear a sea grape tree that fell on a home in Indialantic, Fla., after Hurricane Matthew passed through.  Craig Bailey, Florida Today Fullscreen A man walks through a flooded intersection in Savannah, Ga., as Hurricane Matthew approaches Oct. 7, 2016.  Lauren Petracca, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen A taxi drives through the flooded intersection in Savannah, Ga.  Lauren Petracca, USA TODAY Network Fullscreen A ripped American flag flaps in the wind as Hurricane Matthew stalks Brevard County, Fla.  Tim Shortt, Florida Today Fullscreen Surfers take advantage of the waves generated by the passing of Hurricane Matthew in Melbourne Beach, Fla.  Craig Bailey, Florida Today Fullscreen St. Augustine resident Rob Birch checks on his flooded car as Hurricane Matthew skirts the area Oct. 7, 2016.  Andrew West, The (Fort Myers) News-Press Fullscreen An unidentified woman makes her way through a flooded street in St. Augustine, Fla., on Oct 7, 2016. Hurricane Matthew skirted the area causing major flooding, especially in downtown St. Augustine.  Andrew West, The (Fort Myers) News-Press Fullscreen Hurricane Matthew hits early Friday morning near The Exploration Tower, one of many tourist attractions in Port Canaveral in Brevard County, Fla., packing 120-mph winds.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today Fullscreen Tom Blazevic, Karla Jae Hicke, Peggy Blazevic and Dan Woolbright hang out in Tom's garage after they decided to ride out Hurricane Matthew.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today Fullscreen A firefighter with the Daytona Shores Fire Department checks on damage from Hurricane Matthew in Daytona Beach, Fla.  Andrew West, The (Fort Myers) News-Press Fullscreen A Seminole mobile home park resident climbs over an uprooted tree in Fort Pierce, Fla., on Oct. 7, 2016.  Cristobal Herrera, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A space shuttle model stands near some downed trees after Hurricane Matthew passed by the area on Oct.7, 2016, in Cocoa Beach, Fla.  Mark Wilson, Getty Images Fullscreen Some damage is visible near the Daytona Inn on Daytona Beach, Fla., on Oct. 7, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew roars off shore.   Andrew West, The (Fort Myers) News-Press Fullscreen Firefighters respond to a pre-dawn house fire on Thyme Street, possibly caused by a power line, in Satellite Beach, Fla.  Malcolm Denemark, Florida Today Fullscreen Trees sway from heavy rain and wind from Hurricane Matthew in front of Exploration Tower early on Oct. 7, 2016, in Cape Canaveral.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today Fullscreen A bicyclist makes his way through rain Oct. 6, 2016, in Cape Canaveral as Hurricane Matthew continues to churn its way toward Florida's east coast.  John Raoux, AP Fullscreen People leave Disney's Magic Kingdom theme park, in heavy rain, after it closed in Orlando, Fla. in preparation for the landfall of Hurricane Matthew, on Oct. 6, 2016.   Gregg Newton, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Lailoni Kent, 8, of Lake Worth, screams when the pull of the wave was stronger than she thought while playing on the beach and getting photos with her family on Lantana Beach while Hurricane Matthew created big waves in Lantana, Fla., Oct. 6, 2016.  Greg Lovett, The Palm Beach Post, via AP Fullscreen Austin Dukes, who has lived in Jacksonville Beach, Fla. on and off for 25 years, looks out from his front porch where he is one of the few residents who has decided to stay for now, watching the weather to see if it gets bad enough to warrant evacuating ahead of Hurricane Mathew.  Joe Rondone, Tallahassee Democrat, via USA TO Fullscreen Heather Joyce gets settled in with her dog, JoJo, at one of the pet-friendly public hurricane shelters in Brevard County, Fla., Oct. 6, 2016, at the Viera Regional Park Community Center. Only three of the county shelters allow pets.  Tim Shortt, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Clewiston police officers block access to Lake Okeechobee hours before the arrival of Hurricane Matthew, Oct. 6, 2016.  Kinfay Moroti, The News-Press, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen A surfer drops into a wave at Pompano Beach, Fla., on Oct. 6, 2016. The pier closed due to Hurricane Matthew, which provided swells for a half dozen surfers at the beach.  Nicole Raucheisen, Naples Daily News, via USA TODAY Fullscreen Bumper-to-bumper traffic heads out on the SR528 beach line as motorists drive away from Brevard County on Oct. 6, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew targets Florida. Hurricane Matthew steamed toward heavily populated Florida with terrifying winds of 140 mph Thursday, and 2 million people across the Southeast were warned to flee inland.  Red Huber, Orlando Sentinel, via AP Fullscreen People line up to check into a shelter at Mainland High School ahead of Hurricane Matthew in Daytona Beach, Fla., on Oct. 6, 2016.  Will Vragovic, Tampa Bay Times, via AP Fullscreen A consumer grabs the last loaf of bread at a supermarket in Kissimmee, Fla., in preparation for the landfall of Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 6, 2016.  Gregg Newton, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen People crowd the Elbo Room bar Oct. 6, 2016, prior to the arrival of Hurricane Matthew.  Nicole Raucheisen, Naples Daily News, via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Local residents take shelter at the Pedro Menendez High School in St. Augustine, Fla., on Oct. 6, 2016.  Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Supplies for power outage response and power crews with Pike Electric from all over the United States including Texas, Georgia and North Caroline wait to be called out as needed in Pembroke Pines, Fla. on Oct. 6, 2016.  Taimy Alvarez/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP Fullscreen Some apartment storm shutters remain open at the Sea Tower in Fort Lauderdale Beach, Fla. on Oct. 6, 2016.  Nicole Raucheisen, Naples Daily News via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Eddie Diaz puts up shutters at his home as the Orlando area prepares for the arrival of Hurricane Matthew on Oct 6, 2016. The effects of the category 4 storm were just beginning to be felt and 100 mile per hour winds are anticipated overnight.  Sean Dougherty, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Steve Taylor of Cape Canaveral, Fla. get ready to sandbag his apartments as he prepares for the impact of hurricane Matthew.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today for the USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen People in the Orlando area prepare for the arrival of Hurricane Matthew.  Sean Dougherty, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Pedro Suarez and Christian Gallard put up plywood around Trader Rick's Surf & Beach Rentals in Cocoa Beach Fla. as they prepare for the impact of hurricane Matthew .   Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today Fullscreen Shannon Nelson loads sandbags at the doors of a closed business in Charleston's historic district in preparation for Hurricane Matthew Oct 6, 2017.  Heidi Heilbrunn, The Greenville News USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Oct 6, 2016; Clewiston, FL, USA; Sonia Perez and Pedro Segura check their dogs Rocky and Alaska into the Clewiston Critter Care Animal Clinic in Clewiston, Fla "Hopefully, they will be safe here," says Perez. The couple are evacuating to Arcadia, Fla in preparation for Hurricane Matthew.   Kinfay Moroti, The News-Press for the USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Bobby Williams and Scott Brown, attach boards over windows to protect their job site from Hurricane Matthew expected to hit the Myrtle Beach area Oct. 8, 2016.  Maddy Jones, USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Jason Brock and Kevin Hunter put up hurricane shutters in front of a business as Hurricane Matthew approaches the area Oct. 6, 2016 in Delray Beach, Fla.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen A woman with her child walks off Neptune Beach as heavy clouds gather ahead of Hurricane Matthew in Jacksonville, Fla., on Oct. 6, 2016. Some 1.5 million people are under evacuation orders in Florida in preparation for mighty Hurricane Matthew to make a direct hit on the state.  Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Homes lay in ruins after Hurricane Matthew passed through Les Cayes, Haiti, on Oct. 6, 2016.  Dieu Nalio Chery, AP Fullscreen Kevin Forde and John Haughey put up plywood on a window to prepare for Hurricane Matthew as it approaches Miami Beach.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen The Almaras family prepares their mobile home Wednesday for Hurricane Matthew in Clewiston, Fla.   Kinfay Moroti, The News-Press part of the USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen KINFAY MOROTI/THE NEWS-PRESS... The Almaras family prepares their mobile home for Hurricane Matthew in Clewiston, Fla.   Kinfay Moroti, The News-Press part of the USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen A group of people try to cross the river La Digue, after the colapse of the only bridge that connects to the south after the passing of hurricane Matthew in the country, in Petit Goave, Haiti, Oct. 5, 2016.  Orlando Barria, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Workers started before dawn removing umbrellas and the colorful rocking chairs that line the Cocoa Beach, Fla. pier in preparation for Hurricane Matthew.   Malcolm Denemark, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Airborne Flight School on Merritt Island in Cocoa Beach, Fla. packed the hanger with planes and flew 15 out earlier to a safer location in preparation for Hurricane Matthew.   Malcolm Denemark, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Paul Grimes, Lawrence Tanner and Ricky Corliss help board up apartments on Wavecrest Av. in Melbourne Beach, Fla. Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2016.   Craig Bailey, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Greenville County Schools buses are fueled up and checked after arriving at the North Charleston Coliseum in preparation evacuations for Hurricane Matthew.  Heidi Heilbrunn, The Greenville News, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Sean Broadway of Edgewater, Fla. helps his friend Cathy Baldassaie sandbag her front door of her Cocoa Beach business Wednesday afternoon as they prepare for the impact of Hurricane Matthew.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Cocoa Beach, Fla. restaurant battens down the hatches Wednesday afternoon as they prepare for the impact of Hurricane Matthew.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Governor Rick Scott visited the Brevard County Emergency Operations Center in Rockledge, Fla. Wednesday afternoon for a conference with local emergency personnel, and a statement to the news media.   Tim Shortt, Florida Today, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Dimitri Pinckney installs hurricane shutters in advance of Hurricane Matthew on the Isle of Palms, S.C., on Oct. 5, 2016. Hurricane Matthew is expected to affect the South Carolina coast by the weekend. Gov. Nikki Haley announced Tuesday that, unless the track of the storm changes, the state will issue an evacuation order to help get 1 million people inland from the coast.  Mic Smith, AP Fullscreen Keith Nelson and Jason Greene with Coastal Health Systems ambulance service evacuate patient Linda LaPorta of Cocoa Beach from the Cape Canaveral Hospital as more than 64 patients using 22 ambulances are evacuated in preparation for Hurricane Matthew.  Craig Rubadoux, Florida Today Fullscreen Billy Conley lifts a piece of plywood to place over a window of a business in Cape Canaveral on Oct. 5, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew approaches Florida.  Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP Fullscreen Jeff Beebe of Cape Canaveral fills gasoline containers, to be later used for his generator Oct. 5, 2016, as Hurricane Matthew approaches Florida. Beebe is evacuating his home along with his 80-year-old parents to Orlando.  Red Huber, Orlando Sentinel, via AP Fullscreen President Obama speaks after getting a briefing on Hurricane Matthew during a visit to FEMA headquarters in Washington on Oct. 5, 2016. From left are, Lt. Gen. Todd Semonite, who is commanding general and chief of engineers for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate and assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism Lisa Monaco.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Hrobak family, of Port St. Lucie, install storm shutters at Billy Bones Bait-N-Tackle South in Stuart, Fla., on Oct. 5, 2016, in preparation for Hurricane Matthew.  Leah Voss, Treasure Coast News, via USA TODAY Network Fullscreen Lee Milam stocks empty shelves with bottled water at Milam's Markets supermarket in preparation for Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 5, 2016, in Miami. People boarded up beach homes, schools closed, and officials ordered evacuations along the East Coast on Wednesday as Matthew tore through the Bahamas and took aim at Florida.  Lynne Sladky, AP Fullscreen Miami residents buy supplies to be prepared for Hurricane Matthew in Miami on Oct. 5, 2016.  Cristobal Herrera, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Patrons wait in line for gas at the Costco store in Altamonte Springs, Fla., on Oct. 5, 2016.  Joe Burbank, Orlando Sentinel, via AP Fullscreen This Florida Keys photo shows Royal Bahamas Defense Force vessels as they take refuge from Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 5, 2016, at the U.S. Navy's Truman Harbor pier in Key West, Fla. Key West is the only city in Florida that fronts on the Atlantic Ocean not under a tropical cyclone watch or warning due to Matthew. Behind are Carnival Cruise Lines' Carnival Elation and Royal Caribbean's Majesty of the Seas. Both cruise ships were scheduled to be in the Bahamas, but were diverted to Key West because of the storm.  Rob O'Neal, Florida Keys News Bureau, via AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A man boards up windows at a residence on East Bay Street during preparations for the expected arrival of Hurricane Matthew in Charleston, S.C., on Oct. 5, 2016.  Sean Rayford, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Shaun Dibble, a Vero Beach lifeguard, looks out over Humiston Beach as double red flags are flying and lifeguards are keeping people out of the water because of rough surf prior to Hurricane Matthew.  Molly Bartels, Treasure Coast News, via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Dimitri Pinckney, left, and Bob Corbin install hurricane shutters in advance of Hurricane Matthew on the Isle of Palms, S.C., on Oct. 5, 2016.  Mic Smith, AP Fullscreen Cubans recover from the damage caused by Hurricane Matthew in Baracoa, Cuba, on Oct. 5, 2016. Hurricane Matthew left serious damage on the eastern end of the island, with landslides, toppling electricity poles and roads cut off by floods.  Alejandro Ernesto, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Cubans recover from the damage caused by Hurricane Matthew in Baracoa, Cuba, on Oct. 5, 2016.  Alejandro Ernesto, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A man runs to cross the overflowing of the river Rouyonne, in the commune of Leogane Port-au-Prince, on Oct. 5, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A boy walks, carrying a backpack and a teddy bear, through a street littered with debris the morning after Hurricane Matthew drove across Baracoa, Cuba, on Oct. 5, 2016.   Ramon Espinosa, AP Fullscreen People try to cross the overflowing La Rouyonne river in the commune of Leogane, south of Port-au-Prince, Oct. 5, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A woman cries amid the rubble of her home, destroyed by Hurricane Matthew in Baracoa, Cuba, on Oct. 5, 2016.  Ramon Espinosa, AP Fullscreen Allen Abreu helps his mother, Maria, put up hurricane shutters in Indialantic, Fla., on Oct. 4, 2016, in advance of Hurricane Matthew.  Craig Bailey, Florida Today Fullscreen Andrew Castle fills up his car with diesel, the only gas left at a Shell in Mt. Pleasant, S.C., on Oct. 4, 2016, in advance of Hurricane Matthew which is expected to affect the South Carolina coast by the weekend. Gov. Nikki Haley announced Tuesday that, unless the track of the storm changes, the state will issue an evacuation order Wednesday to help get 1 million people inland from the coast. 'Couldn't get gas at any other place,' Castle said.  Mic Smith, AP Fullscreen A surfer takes to the larger than average waves on the northern end of Tybee Island as a result of approaching Hurricane Matthew on Oct. 4, 2016, in Tybee Island, Ga.  Josh Galemore, Savannah Morning News via AP Fullscreen Yorick Bain uses a drill to secure plywood over the windows of a Dunkin Donuts store in downtown Nassau, Bahamas, on Oct. 4, 2016. The demand for materials such as plywood and sand caused many businesses to post "sold out" signs as residents moved about the island preparing for the arrival of Hurricane Matthew which is is expected to impact all the islands of the Bahamas in the coming days on its way towards the Florida coastline.  Tim Aylen, AP Fullscreen Elton Mertulen loads water bottles into the trunk of a car for a customer at the Aquapure water company in Nassau, Bahamas, on Oct. 4, 2016. Nassau residents spent the day stocking up on essentials as Hurricane Matthew is expected to impact all the islands of the Bahamas in the coming days on its way towards the Florida coastline.  Tim Aylen, AP Fullscreen Surf and wind from Hurricane Matthew crash on the waterfront in Baracoa, Cuba, on Oct. 4, 2016. The dangerous Category 4 storm blew ashore around dawn in Haiti. It unloaded heavy rain as it swirled on toward a lightly populated part of Cuba and the Bahamas.  Ramon Espinosa, AP Fullscreen A sewage worker clears a sewer in a street flooded by the rains of Hurricane Matthew, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, on Oct. 4, 2016.  Ezekiel Abiu Lopez, AP Fullscreen A car makes its way through a flooded street, in the Haitian Capital Port-au-Prince, on Oct. 4, 2016.   Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Emergency personnel work to tackle the floods in Fonds Parisiens, western Haiti, on Oct. 4, 2016. Hurricane Matthew made landfall on Oct. 4 in western Haiti, causing mudslides and flooding, while two children were reported killed in neighboring Dominican Republic when their family's house collapsed in the heavy rains from the storm.  Orlando Barria, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Residents head to a shelter in Leogane, Haiti, on Oct. 4, 2016. Hurricane Matthew slammed into Haiti's southwestern tip with howling, 145 mph winds, tearing off roofs in the poor and largely rural area, uprooting trees and leaving rivers bloated and choked with debris.  Dieu Nalio Chery, AP Fullscreen Residents of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, are affected by the floods of hurricane Matthew.  Richard Reed, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Two boys float in an old wooden box in an area of the La Puya slum, in the Arroyo Hondo creek in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, flooded by heavy rains caused by Hurricane Matthew.  Ezekiel Abiu Lopez, AP Fullscreen The mother of two deceased children is comforted outside her house in the neighborhood of Capotillo, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, on Oct. 4, 2016, after the passage of Hurricane Matthew through Hispaniola -- the island that the Dominican Republic shares with Haiti.  Erika Santelices, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A man walks down a flooded street in a neighborhood of the commune of Cité Soleil, in the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, on Oct. 4, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A worker removes plywood from shop windows after the passing of Hurricane Matthew in Kingston, Jamaica, Oct. 4, 2016.  Eduardo Verdugo, AP Fullscreen Residents evacuate their homes in Fonds Parisiens, western Haiti.  Orlando Barria, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Flooding and damage to buildings are seen from rains brought by Hurricane Matthew in Leogane, Haiti.   Jan Stevens, via USA TODAY NETWORK Fullscreen Ryan Hartmann, left, helps Travis Purvis load wood into a trailer in the parking lot of Lowe's in Vero Beach, Fla., on Oct. 4, 2016, in preparation for Hurricane Matthew.  Patrick Dove, Treasure Coast News Fullscreen A woman pushes a wheelbarrow while walking in a partially flooded street, in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A man walks back to his home after passing the night in a shelter in St Thomas, Jamaica.   Rudolph Brown, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Women cover their heads with pans as they walk in a light rain brought by Hurricane Matthew in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.   Dieu Nalio Chery, AP Fullscreen A woman protects herself from the rain from Hurricane Matthew in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, on Oct. 4, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A woman sweeps the garbage on a street left by the rain after hurricane Matthew, in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, on Oct. 4, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Hurricane Matthew (eye at top center) was photographed from the International Space Station on Oct. 3, 2016.  @Space_Station via NASA Fullscreen A man from civil protection asks residents to evacuate their homes located near the Grise river, in Tabarre, Haiti, on Oct. 3, 2016. The center of Hurricane Matthew is expected to pass near or over southwestern Haiti on Oct. 4, 2016.  Dieu Nalio Chery, AP Fullscreen A woman holds her son as she looks at the news at a shelter ahead of Hurricane Matthew in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, on Oct. 3, 2016.  Ramon Espinosa, AP Fullscreen A girl watches as the authorities arrive to evacuate people from her house in Tabarre, Haiti, on Oct. 3, 2016.  Dieu Nalio Chery, AP Fullscreen Women protect themselves from the rain with plastic in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince, on Oct. 3, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A girl tries to repair her umbrella that was broken by the wind, in the commune of Cite Soleil, in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince, on Oct. 3, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Clouds cover the mountains of Petion Ville as rain falls in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince on Oct. 3, 2016.  Hector Retamal, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 150 2 of 150 3 of 150 4 of 150 5 of 150 6 of 150 7 of 150 8 of 150 9 of 150 10 of 150 11 of 150 12 of 150 13 of 150 14 of 150 15 of 150 16 of 150 17 of 150 18 of 150 19 of 150 20 of 150 21 of 150 22 of 150 23 of 150 24 of 150 25 of 150 26 of 150 27 of 150 28 of 150 29 of 150 30 of 150 31 of 150 32 of 150 33 of 150 34 of 150 35 of 150 36 of 150 37 of 150 38 of 150 39 of 150 40 of 150 41 of 150 42 of 150 43 of 150 44 of 150 45 of 150 46 of 150 47 of 150 48 of 150 49 of 150 50 of 150 51 of 150 52 of 150 53 of 150 54 of 150 55 of 150 56 of 150 57 of 150 58 of 150 59 of 150 60 of 150 61 of 150 62 of 150 63 of 150 64 of 150 65 of 150 66 of 150 67 of 150 68 of 150 69 of 150 70 of 150 71 of 150 72 of 150 73 of 150 74 of 150 75 of 150 76 of 150 77 of 150 78 of 150 79 of 150 80 of 150 81 of 150 82 of 150 83 of 150 84 of 150 85 of 150 86 of 150 87 of 150 88 of 150 89 of 150 90 of 150 91 of 150 92 of 150 93 of 150 94 of 150 95 of 150 96 of 150 97 of 150 98 of 150 99 of 150 100 of 150 101 of 150 102 of 150 103 of 150 104 of 150 105 of 150 106 of 150 107 of 150 108 of 150 109 of 150 110 of 150 111 of 150 112 of 150 113 of 150 114 of 150 115 of 150 116 of 150 117 of 150 118 of 150 119 of 150 120 of 150 121 of 150 122 of 150 123 of 150 124 of 150 125 of 150 126 of 150 127 of 150 128 of 150 129 of 150 130 of 150 131 of 150 132 of 150 133 of 150 134 of 150 135 of 150 136 of 150 137 of 150 138 of 150 139 of 150 140 of 150 141 of 150 142 of 150 143 of 150 144 of 150 145 of 150 146 of 150 147 of 150 148 of 150 149 of 150 150 of 150 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Scroll down for links to the waiver policies in place at U.S. airlines as of 2:30 p.m. ET on Tuesday, Oct. 4. (UPDATE: See the latest update to airline waiver policies here) Allegiant Air As of Tuesday afternoon, Allegiant said on its website: “The Allegiant operations team is closely tracking Hurricane Matthew, as well as the local weather systems throughout Florida. At this time, no flights have been affected. All flights are currently being operated as scheduled. We will continue to monitor the weather and communicate with affected passengers as needed. Passengers scheduled to travel to or from Florida on Allegiant should continue to monitor this page for updates, or sign up for flight alerts here: https://www.allegiantair.com/flight-alerts." American Airlines Florida cities: Daytona Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Jacksonville, Key West, Melbourne, Miami Orlando, West Palm Beach. Caribbean destinations: Covers several cities in Bahamas, Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica and the Turks and Caicos. Waiver extends to flights originally booked for the following dates: Varies by destination Full details: American Airlines Delta Air Lines Florida: Daytona, Fort Lauderdale, Jacksonville, Key West, Melbourne, Miami, Orlando, West Palm Beach. Caribbean: Covers several cities in Bahamas, Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica and the Turks and Caicos. Waiver extends to flights originally booked for the following dates: Varies by destination Full details: Delta Air Lines USA TODAY Behind the scenes at a flight attendant training center Frontier Airlines As of Tuesday afternoon, Frontier said on its website: “We are monitoring the storm and its possible impact. As the week progresses, and forecasts become more reliable, we’ll be posting further updates.” JetBlue Caribbean: Covers several cities in Bahamas, Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica and the Turks and Caicos. U.S. cities: Charleston, S.C.; Daytona Beach, Fla.; Fort Lauderdale; Jacksonville, Fla.; Orlando; Raleigh/Durham; Savannah, Ga.; West Palm Beach. Waiver extends to flights originally booked for the following dates: Varies by destination Full details: JetBlue Silver Airways Covers numerous destinations in the Bahamas. Waiver extends to flights originally booked on the following dates: Oct. 4-5 Full details: Silver Airways USA TODAY Behind the scenes: NASA's DC-8 'flying lab' takes to skies in Northwest Southwest Airlines Covers Montego Bay, Jamaica, and Nassau, Bahamas. Waiver extends to flights originally booked on the following dates: Varies by destination Full details: Southwest Airlines Spirit Airlines Covers Montego Bay, Jamaica, and Port-au-Prince, Haiti. Waiver extends to flights originally booked on the following dates: Oct. 2-3 Full details: Spirit Airlines United Airlines Florida cities covered: Fort Lauderdale, Jacksonville, Miami, Orlando, West Palm Beach Waiver extends to flights originally booked on the following dates: Oct. 5-7 Full details: United Airlines TWITTER: You can follow me at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A flight attendant waits under the wing of EVA Air's newest Hello Kitty jet at a welcome party for EVA's service to Houston on June 19, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing colors of the Oregon State University Beavers, an Alaska Airlines/Horizon Q400 takes off from a foggy Seattle in January of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane is shown off to media at an event in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reprising a favorite photo from the past year, a former American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a Seattle avenue in preparation for a new construction project at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers at Boeing's factory in Renton, Wash., build a 737 narrowbody airplane during a factory tour on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Korean Air's "Love"-themed Boeing 777-300 departs Seattle on a brisk day in December 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flying high above Puget Sound, an American Airlines Boeing 777 heads westward out over the Pacific Ocean in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 ends a nine-hour flight from London to Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bearing the titles of Sun Country but the paint of European carrier Transavia, a Boeing 737 comes to a stop in Seattle on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 fuselage frame at the company's factory in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 737 MAX leads a pack of newly built 737s at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on Dec. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737 departs Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 bound for Asia climbs out of the Seattle area and past a looming Mount Rainier on Dec. 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 MAX narrowbody airplane sits on a ramp in Renton, Wash., on Dec. 28, 2015. The airplane is expected to take to the skies for the first time early in 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 model glistens in a Christmas tree at the Museum of Flight in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airplane spotter sets up a photo of an Alaska Airlines/SkyWest CRJ-700 at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A FedEx MD11 hovers among the soft hues of a winter's sunset in Seattle in December of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines/Horizon Bombardier Q400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard NASA's modified Douglas DC-8 flying laboratory take off from Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Wash., for a research flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Despite working as a research laboratory for NASA, the agency's modified DC-8 still has some of the marks of its passenger service days with Alitalia and Braniff - such as this flight attendant panel seen during a flight on Dec. 5, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Engines filled with condensation, an Aeroflot Airbus A330 rolls down a runway at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A lineup of Delta Air Lines tails stretches across Atlanta Hartsfield's Terminal B on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air Force One takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle on Oct. 9, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 takes off from Everett, Wash., for a test flight on Jan. 23, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Bombardier's CS300 jetliner returns from its inaugural flight outside Montreal on Feb. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350 undergoes construction at the company's factory in Toulouse, France, on May 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Factory workers assemble a wing destined for a Boeing 737 at the company's Renton, Wash., factory on June 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Fiji Airways Airbus A330.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers traverse Toronto Lester Pearson International Airport's Terminal 1 in February of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airport duty manager Paul Pelton drives around the airport during his early morning shift at Sea-Tac International Airport on April 22, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dWGSlP Most Popular Athlete of the Week polls: Nov. 14, 2016 27 Shares Indian River County deputy accused of sexual contact with teen Fort Pierce chef Scott Calhoun cooks up reality TV pilot Football: Friday's regional playoff capsules Florida East Coast Industries exec, finance board member meet privately Torrey Pines in breach of state agreement, won't receive more state money
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 22071 83 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Southwest’s big twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale was rolled out Tuesday morning. Post to Facebook 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Southwest’s big twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale was rolled out Tuesday morning.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dXqhyj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 2:46 p.m. EDT October 4, 2016 62k Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Southwest unveils first new look since 2001  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen The new "Heart" paint scheme will be the carrier's first new livery since it introduced its current "Canyon Blue" look in 2001.  Matt York, AP Fullscreen Southwest Airlines unveiled the "Canyon Blue" paint scheme on a Boeing 737-700 during a Jan. 16, 2000, ceremony in Dallas marking the airline's 30th anniversary.  Jerry W. Hoefer, AP Fullscreen Southwest Airlines planes taxi at the Oakland International Airport on Oct. 16, 2008.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest Airlines jets wait on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on April 4, 2011.  Nick Oza, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet prepares to land at Midway Airport on April 5, 2011, in Chicago.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest plane arrives at Lambert Saint Louis International Airport on April 10, 2012.  Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest plane arrives at Lambert Saint Louis International Airport on Oct. 1, 2010.  Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest airplanes taxi at Love Field in Dallas on Jan. 23, 2008.  Donna McWilliam, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet arrives at Love Field in Dallas on April 23, 1996.  Bill Janscha, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs from Los Angeles International Airport on May 10, 1998.  Reed Saxon, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet departs Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport on June 3, 2007.  icholakov Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off as another taxis at Love Field in Dallas on Oct. 20, 2003.  Tony Gutierrez, AP Fullscreen A Southwest jet takes off from Fort Lauderdale Hollywood international Airport on March 8, 2009.  icholakov Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's fleet includes a number of specialty planes with a state theme. Shown here is "Arizona One."  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest's "Illinois One" plane lands at Los Angeles Airport on Feb. 22, 2013.  Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's "Florida One" aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest's "Lone Star One" taxis to the gate at Tampa International Airport on Jan. 20, 2010.  Chris O'Meara AP Fullscreen Southwest debuted "Penguin One" on June 20, 2013, in celebration of 25 years of partnership with SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment.  Stephen M. Keller, Southwest Airlines via AP Fullscreen "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model Bar Refaeli attends the Feb. 11., 2009, unveiling of "SI One."  Emmanuel Dunand, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's "Slam Dunk One."  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 41 2 of 41 3 of 41 4 of 41 5 of 41 6 of 41 7 of 41 8 of 41 9 of 41 10 of 41 11 of 41 12 of 41 13 of 41 14 of 41 15 of 41 16 of 41 17 of 41 18 of 41 19 of 41 20 of 41 21 of 41 22 of 41 23 of 41 24 of 41 25 of 41 26 of 41 27 of 41 28 of 41 29 of 41 30 of 41 31 of 41 32 of 41 33 of 41 34 of 41 35 of 41 36 of 41 37 of 41 38 of 41 39 of 41 40 of 41 41 of 41 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Southwest’s broad twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale is back, with round-trip fares below $100 on dozens of the carrier’s shortest routes. The sale fares also include longer routes, with the price of flights loosely tied to distance. Flights begin at $49 each way on Southwest’s shortest routes and increase to $79, $99 or $129 each way for longer flights. The sale launched Tuesday morning, covering travel from Nov. 30 through Dec. 20 and from Jan. 4 through Feb. 15. Flights on Fridays and Sundays are excluded. The sale fares apply specifically to nonstop options, though many connecting itineraries may also show lower-than-usual fares. Fares on some routes appeared to be even lower than the advertised $49 early Tuesday morning. Prices between Baltimore and Boston, for example, were showing on the carrier's website at just $41 each way -- or about $82 round-trip. Some Denver-Omaha round-trips were available for about $92. Southwest’s new international routes are also included in the sale, though those routes come with significantly more restrictions. Fares range from $99 to $239 each way, depending on the route. But those prices are only offered on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. For those who can jump through those day-of-travel hoops, Southwest’s sale covers international flights from Nov. 30 through Dec. 13 and from Jan. 10 through March 2. Either way, bargain seekers will have to act quickly to snag the fares. The sale ends on Thursday (Oct. 6) at 11:59 p.m. local time in city of the departing flight. (Full sale details) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of (photos)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Packages bound for Bradley International Airport, near Hartford, CT, board a Southwest Airlines jet at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, NV on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A reel of package tracking stickers extends out onto the floor as an employee affixes the stickers to packages at a Southwest Airlines freight facility in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off from a cloudy Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen An employee with Southwest boards a forklift inside of a big rig at the company's freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Monday, February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers move pallets of freight around a Southwest Airlines cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Jami Mathisen, an employee at Southwest Airlines' freight office in Reno, Nevada, checks paperwork ahead of the morning rush on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen One of the first Southwest Airlines' flights of the day from Reno, NV awaits a load packages at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Southwest Airlines ramp worker Mark Rusche, far right, catches a break with coworkers before the day begins at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Ramp workers load boxes onto a Southwest Airlines flight early in the morning on February 15, 2016 at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Paperwork collects on a desk at Southwest Airlines' cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A pallet of freight weighs in at 514 pounds, according to a scale in Southwest Airlines' freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The broad fare sale has become a staple for Southwest. It has rolled out similar three-day sales each June and October for the past several years. One sale from June 2015 proved so popular that it crashed Southwest’s website, prompting the carrier to extend that particular sale by an additional 24 hours. In a bit of extra good news for customers, Southwest’s latest sale that came out Tuesday rolled back restrictions the carrier had added to the last broad sale in June. In that sale, Southwest offered its domestic sale fares only on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Southwest has used the sales to generate buzz and -- perhaps more importantly -- to sell seats during what are usually some of the slowest travel periods of the year. In earlier versions of the sales, Southwest had pegged fares to mileage thresholds. Earlier this decade, for example, Southwest priced its sale fares at $49 each way for flights of 500 miles or less and prices increased from there. Flights of 501 to 1,000 miles cost $99 each way and flights of 1,001 to 1,500 miles cost $129 each way. Flights of more than 1,500 miles went for $149 each way. Southwest ended the precise mileage component of its big sales a few years ago, but its big sales have continued to closely mimic its previous distance-based promotions. The carrier's four advertised sale-fare tiers for this sale — $49, $99, $129 and $149 each way — match the fares it offered on its distance-based sales of years past. Among the sub-$100 options: Atlanta-Akron/Canton; Albuquerque-Los Angeles; Baltimore-Boston; Boise-Spokane; Chicago Midway-Minneapolis/St. Paul; Cleveland-St. Louis; Dallas Love-Houston Hobby; Denver-Salt Lake City; Kansas City-Milwaukee; Los Angeles-San Francisco; Memphis-Dallas Love; New York LaGuardia-Indianapolis; Oklahoma City-Houston Hobby; Omaha-Denver; Orlando-Atlanta; Pittsburgh-Chicago Midway; Richmond-Atlanta; San Antonio-El Paso; San Diego-Sacramento; Seattle-Oakland; Tucson-Las Vegas; Washington Reagan National-Providence; Wichita-St. Louis. IN PICTURES: Southwest Airlines unveils wider seats for its Boeing 737s FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Southwest Airlines unveils wider seats for its Boeing 737s  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Southwest is the launch customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen An adjustable headrest on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats that will debut in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest is the launch Customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised information pocket gives customers more space for personal device usage and storage.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Thinner armrests and a wider seat give customers additional space on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats that will debut in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised information pocket gives customers more space for personal device usage and storage. The seats will debut on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised rear beam and curve in the lower rear seat allow for increased shin and leg clearance.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest is the launch customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen An rendering of Southwest's new Boeing 737 MAX 7 aircraft that are to begin arriving to the airline in 2017.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016, at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Former and current United Airlines employees who had served on the Boeing 727 pose in front of the first of the type after its final flight at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A delightfully dated interior graces the cabin of the first Boeing 727, which completed its last flight on March 2, 2016, in Seattle. It is now on permanent display at the Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique tri-engine assembly of the Boeing 727 graces a snow-white sky at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Bombardier business jet takes off at Seattle's Boeing Field airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual, private Short C-23 Sherpa lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737-800 with Miami Air takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Surrounded by a flock of swallows, a British Airways Boeing 777-200 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A ramp agent bids farewell to an ANA Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large flight board at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 displays connections for arriving international passengers on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 passes over houses on Myrtle Avenue, a popular airplane spotting location adjacent to London Heathrow, on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A TAP Portugal Airbus A319 jet takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands at a busy London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Mauritius Airbus A340-300 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777-200 floats over a field in the early morning hours before landing at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in the flag of its host nation, a Singapore Airlines Airbus A380 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flowery Finnair Airbus A340-300 takes off for nearby Helsinki from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready for its return flight to Seattle, a British Airways Boeing 747-400 prepares for boarding at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A seat in British Airway's Club World business class, onboard a Boeing 747-400 bound for Seattle, on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The beautiful landscape of Seattle is seen on final approach from a British Airways Boeing 747-400 after a nine-hour flight from London Heathrow on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seattle-Tacoma International Airport's north satellite terminal, seen in March 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A remote airfield in southern Idaho makes for a picturesque scene on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The main ticketing terminal at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016 at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E175 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets taxi for take off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A Southwest Airlines jet gets ready to land at Tampa International Airport on June 6, 2016.  (Photo: Skip O'Rourke, Tampa Bay Times via AP) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dXqhyj Most Popular Multiple airlines hit by reservations glitch 286 Shares Ask the Captain: Do airline pilots need a college degree? 293 Shares Santas and street art: What you'll see in New York's holiday store windows 303 Shares Aer Lingus could enter oneworld in 2017, says IAG CEO 46 Shares Holiday thrills: The season starts early at theme parks 56 Shares Security incident closes checkpoints, Sky Train at Phoenix airport 284 Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 22071 83 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Southwest’s big twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale was rolled out Tuesday morning. Post to Facebook 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Southwest’s big twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale was rolled out Tuesday morning.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dXqhyj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 2:46 p.m. EDT October 4, 2016 62k Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Southwest unveils first new look since 2001  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen The new "Heart" paint scheme will be the carrier's first new livery since it introduced its current "Canyon Blue" look in 2001.  Matt York, AP Fullscreen Southwest Airlines unveiled the "Canyon Blue" paint scheme on a Boeing 737-700 during a Jan. 16, 2000, ceremony in Dallas marking the airline's 30th anniversary.  Jerry W. Hoefer, AP Fullscreen Southwest Airlines planes taxi at the Oakland International Airport on Oct. 16, 2008.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest Airlines jets wait on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on April 4, 2011.  Nick Oza, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet prepares to land at Midway Airport on April 5, 2011, in Chicago.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest plane arrives at Lambert Saint Louis International Airport on April 10, 2012.  Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest plane arrives at Lambert Saint Louis International Airport on Oct. 1, 2010.  Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest airplanes taxi at Love Field in Dallas on Jan. 23, 2008.  Donna McWilliam, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet arrives at Love Field in Dallas on April 23, 1996.  Bill Janscha, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs from Los Angeles International Airport on May 10, 1998.  Reed Saxon, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet departs Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport on June 3, 2007.  icholakov Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off as another taxis at Love Field in Dallas on Oct. 20, 2003.  Tony Gutierrez, AP Fullscreen A Southwest jet takes off from Fort Lauderdale Hollywood international Airport on March 8, 2009.  icholakov Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's fleet includes a number of specialty planes with a state theme. Shown here is "Arizona One."  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest's "Illinois One" plane lands at Los Angeles Airport on Feb. 22, 2013.  Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's "Florida One" aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest's "Lone Star One" taxis to the gate at Tampa International Airport on Jan. 20, 2010.  Chris O'Meara AP Fullscreen Southwest debuted "Penguin One" on June 20, 2013, in celebration of 25 years of partnership with SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment.  Stephen M. Keller, Southwest Airlines via AP Fullscreen "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model Bar Refaeli attends the Feb. 11., 2009, unveiling of "SI One."  Emmanuel Dunand, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's "Slam Dunk One."  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 41 2 of 41 3 of 41 4 of 41 5 of 41 6 of 41 7 of 41 8 of 41 9 of 41 10 of 41 11 of 41 12 of 41 13 of 41 14 of 41 15 of 41 16 of 41 17 of 41 18 of 41 19 of 41 20 of 41 21 of 41 22 of 41 23 of 41 24 of 41 25 of 41 26 of 41 27 of 41 28 of 41 29 of 41 30 of 41 31 of 41 32 of 41 33 of 41 34 of 41 35 of 41 36 of 41 37 of 41 38 of 41 39 of 41 40 of 41 41 of 41 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Southwest’s broad twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale is back, with round-trip fares below $100 on dozens of the carrier’s shortest routes. The sale fares also include longer routes, with the price of flights loosely tied to distance. Flights begin at $49 each way on Southwest’s shortest routes and increase to $79, $99 or $129 each way for longer flights. The sale launched Tuesday morning, covering travel from Nov. 30 through Dec. 20 and from Jan. 4 through Feb. 15. Flights on Fridays and Sundays are excluded. The sale fares apply specifically to nonstop options, though many connecting itineraries may also show lower-than-usual fares. Fares on some routes appeared to be even lower than the advertised $49 early Tuesday morning. Prices between Baltimore and Boston, for example, were showing on the carrier's website at just $41 each way -- or about $82 round-trip. Some Denver-Omaha round-trips were available for about $92. Southwest’s new international routes are also included in the sale, though those routes come with significantly more restrictions. Fares range from $99 to $239 each way, depending on the route. But those prices are only offered on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. For those who can jump through those day-of-travel hoops, Southwest’s sale covers international flights from Nov. 30 through Dec. 13 and from Jan. 10 through March 2. Either way, bargain seekers will have to act quickly to snag the fares. The sale ends on Thursday (Oct. 6) at 11:59 p.m. local time in city of the departing flight. (Full sale details) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of (photos)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Packages bound for Bradley International Airport, near Hartford, CT, board a Southwest Airlines jet at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, NV on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A reel of package tracking stickers extends out onto the floor as an employee affixes the stickers to packages at a Southwest Airlines freight facility in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off from a cloudy Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen An employee with Southwest boards a forklift inside of a big rig at the company's freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Monday, February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers move pallets of freight around a Southwest Airlines cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Jami Mathisen, an employee at Southwest Airlines' freight office in Reno, Nevada, checks paperwork ahead of the morning rush on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen One of the first Southwest Airlines' flights of the day from Reno, NV awaits a load packages at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Southwest Airlines ramp worker Mark Rusche, far right, catches a break with coworkers before the day begins at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Ramp workers load boxes onto a Southwest Airlines flight early in the morning on February 15, 2016 at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Paperwork collects on a desk at Southwest Airlines' cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A pallet of freight weighs in at 514 pounds, according to a scale in Southwest Airlines' freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The broad fare sale has become a staple for Southwest. It has rolled out similar three-day sales each June and October for the past several years. One sale from June 2015 proved so popular that it crashed Southwest’s website, prompting the carrier to extend that particular sale by an additional 24 hours. In a bit of extra good news for customers, Southwest’s latest sale that came out Tuesday rolled back restrictions the carrier had added to the last broad sale in June. In that sale, Southwest offered its domestic sale fares only on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Southwest has used the sales to generate buzz and -- perhaps more importantly -- to sell seats during what are usually some of the slowest travel periods of the year. In earlier versions of the sales, Southwest had pegged fares to mileage thresholds. Earlier this decade, for example, Southwest priced its sale fares at $49 each way for flights of 500 miles or less and prices increased from there. Flights of 501 to 1,000 miles cost $99 each way and flights of 1,001 to 1,500 miles cost $129 each way. Flights of more than 1,500 miles went for $149 each way. Southwest ended the precise mileage component of its big sales a few years ago, but its big sales have continued to closely mimic its previous distance-based promotions. The carrier's four advertised sale-fare tiers for this sale — $49, $99, $129 and $149 each way — match the fares it offered on its distance-based sales of years past. Among the sub-$100 options: Atlanta-Akron/Canton; Albuquerque-Los Angeles; Baltimore-Boston; Boise-Spokane; Chicago Midway-Minneapolis/St. Paul; Cleveland-St. Louis; Dallas Love-Houston Hobby; Denver-Salt Lake City; Kansas City-Milwaukee; Los Angeles-San Francisco; Memphis-Dallas Love; New York LaGuardia-Indianapolis; Oklahoma City-Houston Hobby; Omaha-Denver; Orlando-Atlanta; Pittsburgh-Chicago Midway; Richmond-Atlanta; San Antonio-El Paso; San Diego-Sacramento; Seattle-Oakland; Tucson-Las Vegas; Washington Reagan National-Providence; Wichita-St. Louis. IN PICTURES: Southwest Airlines unveils wider seats for its Boeing 737s FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Southwest Airlines unveils wider seats for its Boeing 737s  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Southwest is the launch customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen An adjustable headrest on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats that will debut in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest is the launch Customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised information pocket gives customers more space for personal device usage and storage.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Thinner armrests and a wider seat give customers additional space on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats that will debut in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised information pocket gives customers more space for personal device usage and storage. The seats will debut on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised rear beam and curve in the lower rear seat allow for increased shin and leg clearance.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest is the launch customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen An rendering of Southwest's new Boeing 737 MAX 7 aircraft that are to begin arriving to the airline in 2017.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016, at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Former and current United Airlines employees who had served on the Boeing 727 pose in front of the first of the type after its final flight at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A delightfully dated interior graces the cabin of the first Boeing 727, which completed its last flight on March 2, 2016, in Seattle. It is now on permanent display at the Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique tri-engine assembly of the Boeing 727 graces a snow-white sky at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Bombardier business jet takes off at Seattle's Boeing Field airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual, private Short C-23 Sherpa lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737-800 with Miami Air takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Surrounded by a flock of swallows, a British Airways Boeing 777-200 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A ramp agent bids farewell to an ANA Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large flight board at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 displays connections for arriving international passengers on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 passes over houses on Myrtle Avenue, a popular airplane spotting location adjacent to London Heathrow, on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A TAP Portugal Airbus A319 jet takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands at a busy London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Mauritius Airbus A340-300 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777-200 floats over a field in the early morning hours before landing at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in the flag of its host nation, a Singapore Airlines Airbus A380 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flowery Finnair Airbus A340-300 takes off for nearby Helsinki from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready for its return flight to Seattle, a British Airways Boeing 747-400 prepares for boarding at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A seat in British Airway's Club World business class, onboard a Boeing 747-400 bound for Seattle, on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The beautiful landscape of Seattle is seen on final approach from a British Airways Boeing 747-400 after a nine-hour flight from London Heathrow on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seattle-Tacoma International Airport's north satellite terminal, seen in March 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A remote airfield in southern Idaho makes for a picturesque scene on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The main ticketing terminal at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016 at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E175 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets taxi for take off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A Southwest Airlines jet gets ready to land at Tampa International Airport on June 6, 2016.  (Photo: Skip O'Rourke, Tampa Bay Times via AP) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dXqhyj Most Popular Multiple airlines hit by reservations glitch 286 Shares Ask the Captain: Do airline pilots need a college degree? 293 Shares Santas and street art: What you'll see in New York's holiday store windows 303 Shares Aer Lingus could enter oneworld in 2017, says IAG CEO 46 Shares Holiday thrills: The season starts early at theme parks 56 Shares Security incident closes checkpoints, Sky Train at Phoenix airport 284 Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 22071 83 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Southwest’s big twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale was rolled out Tuesday morning. Post to Facebook 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Southwest’s big twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale was rolled out Tuesday morning.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dXqhyj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 2:46 p.m. EDT October 4, 2016 62k Shares FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Southwest unveils first new look since 2001  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen These photos released by Southwest show off its new “Heart” aircraft livery as well as its new logo and branding for its airport locations.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen The new "Heart" paint scheme will be the carrier's first new livery since it introduced its current "Canyon Blue" look in 2001.  Matt York, AP Fullscreen Southwest Airlines unveiled the "Canyon Blue" paint scheme on a Boeing 737-700 during a Jan. 16, 2000, ceremony in Dallas marking the airline's 30th anniversary.  Jerry W. Hoefer, AP Fullscreen Southwest Airlines planes taxi at the Oakland International Airport on Oct. 16, 2008.  Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest Airlines jets wait on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on April 4, 2011.  Nick Oza, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet prepares to land at Midway Airport on April 5, 2011, in Chicago.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest plane arrives at Lambert Saint Louis International Airport on April 10, 2012.  Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest plane arrives at Lambert Saint Louis International Airport on Oct. 1, 2010.  Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest airplanes taxi at Love Field in Dallas on Jan. 23, 2008.  Donna McWilliam, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet arrives at Love Field in Dallas on April 23, 1996.  Bill Janscha, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs from Los Angeles International Airport on May 10, 1998.  Reed Saxon, AP Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet departs Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport on June 3, 2007.  icholakov Getty Images Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off as another taxis at Love Field in Dallas on Oct. 20, 2003.  Tony Gutierrez, AP Fullscreen A Southwest jet takes off from Fort Lauderdale Hollywood international Airport on March 8, 2009.  icholakov Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's fleet includes a number of specialty planes with a state theme. Shown here is "Arizona One."  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest's "Illinois One" plane lands at Los Angeles Airport on Feb. 22, 2013.  Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's "Florida One" aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest's "Lone Star One" taxis to the gate at Tampa International Airport on Jan. 20, 2010.  Chris O'Meara AP Fullscreen Southwest debuted "Penguin One" on June 20, 2013, in celebration of 25 years of partnership with SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment.  Stephen M. Keller, Southwest Airlines via AP Fullscreen "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model Bar Refaeli attends the Feb. 11., 2009, unveiling of "SI One."  Emmanuel Dunand, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Southwest's "Slam Dunk One."  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 41 2 of 41 3 of 41 4 of 41 5 of 41 6 of 41 7 of 41 8 of 41 9 of 41 10 of 41 11 of 41 12 of 41 13 of 41 14 of 41 15 of 41 16 of 41 17 of 41 18 of 41 19 of 41 20 of 41 21 of 41 22 of 41 23 of 41 24 of 41 25 of 41 26 of 41 27 of 41 28 of 41 29 of 41 30 of 41 31 of 41 32 of 41 33 of 41 34 of 41 35 of 41 36 of 41 37 of 41 38 of 41 39 of 41 40 of 41 41 of 41 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Southwest’s broad twice-a-year blockbuster fare sale is back, with round-trip fares below $100 on dozens of the carrier’s shortest routes. The sale fares also include longer routes, with the price of flights loosely tied to distance. Flights begin at $49 each way on Southwest’s shortest routes and increase to $79, $99 or $129 each way for longer flights. The sale launched Tuesday morning, covering travel from Nov. 30 through Dec. 20 and from Jan. 4 through Feb. 15. Flights on Fridays and Sundays are excluded. The sale fares apply specifically to nonstop options, though many connecting itineraries may also show lower-than-usual fares. Fares on some routes appeared to be even lower than the advertised $49 early Tuesday morning. Prices between Baltimore and Boston, for example, were showing on the carrier's website at just $41 each way -- or about $82 round-trip. Some Denver-Omaha round-trips were available for about $92. Southwest’s new international routes are also included in the sale, though those routes come with significantly more restrictions. Fares range from $99 to $239 each way, depending on the route. But those prices are only offered on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. For those who can jump through those day-of-travel hoops, Southwest’s sale covers international flights from Nov. 30 through Dec. 13 and from Jan. 10 through March 2. Either way, bargain seekers will have to act quickly to snag the fares. The sale ends on Thursday (Oct. 6) at 11:59 p.m. local time in city of the departing flight. (Full sale details) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Reno: The biggest little freight hub you’ve never heard of (photos)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Packages bound for Bradley International Airport, near Hartford, CT, board a Southwest Airlines jet at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, NV on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A reel of package tracking stickers extends out onto the floor as an employee affixes the stickers to packages at a Southwest Airlines freight facility in Reno, Nevada on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet takes off from a cloudy Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen An employee with Southwest boards a forklift inside of a big rig at the company's freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Monday, February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines jet lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers move pallets of freight around a Southwest Airlines cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Jami Mathisen, an employee at Southwest Airlines' freight office in Reno, Nevada, checks paperwork ahead of the morning rush on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen One of the first Southwest Airlines' flights of the day from Reno, NV awaits a load packages at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Southwest Airlines ramp worker Mark Rusche, far right, catches a break with coworkers before the day begins at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Ramp workers load boxes onto a Southwest Airlines flight early in the morning on February 15, 2016 at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Reno, Nevada.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Paperwork collects on a desk at Southwest Airlines' cargo facility at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A pallet of freight weighs in at 514 pounds, according to a scale in Southwest Airlines' freight office at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Packages are loaded into a Southwest Airlines' flight at the Reno-Tahoe International Airport on February 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The broad fare sale has become a staple for Southwest. It has rolled out similar three-day sales each June and October for the past several years. One sale from June 2015 proved so popular that it crashed Southwest’s website, prompting the carrier to extend that particular sale by an additional 24 hours. In a bit of extra good news for customers, Southwest’s latest sale that came out Tuesday rolled back restrictions the carrier had added to the last broad sale in June. In that sale, Southwest offered its domestic sale fares only on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Southwest has used the sales to generate buzz and -- perhaps more importantly -- to sell seats during what are usually some of the slowest travel periods of the year. In earlier versions of the sales, Southwest had pegged fares to mileage thresholds. Earlier this decade, for example, Southwest priced its sale fares at $49 each way for flights of 500 miles or less and prices increased from there. Flights of 501 to 1,000 miles cost $99 each way and flights of 1,001 to 1,500 miles cost $129 each way. Flights of more than 1,500 miles went for $149 each way. Southwest ended the precise mileage component of its big sales a few years ago, but its big sales have continued to closely mimic its previous distance-based promotions. The carrier's four advertised sale-fare tiers for this sale — $49, $99, $129 and $149 each way — match the fares it offered on its distance-based sales of years past. Among the sub-$100 options: Atlanta-Akron/Canton; Albuquerque-Los Angeles; Baltimore-Boston; Boise-Spokane; Chicago Midway-Minneapolis/St. Paul; Cleveland-St. Louis; Dallas Love-Houston Hobby; Denver-Salt Lake City; Kansas City-Milwaukee; Los Angeles-San Francisco; Memphis-Dallas Love; New York LaGuardia-Indianapolis; Oklahoma City-Houston Hobby; Omaha-Denver; Orlando-Atlanta; Pittsburgh-Chicago Midway; Richmond-Atlanta; San Antonio-El Paso; San Diego-Sacramento; Seattle-Oakland; Tucson-Las Vegas; Washington Reagan National-Providence; Wichita-St. Louis. IN PICTURES: Southwest Airlines unveils wider seats for its Boeing 737s FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Southwest Airlines unveils wider seats for its Boeing 737s  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Southwest is the launch customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen An adjustable headrest on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats that will debut in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest is the launch Customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised information pocket gives customers more space for personal device usage and storage.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Thinner armrests and a wider seat give customers additional space on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats that will debut in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised information pocket gives customers more space for personal device usage and storage. The seats will debut on Southwest's new Boeing 737 seats in 2016.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen A raised rear beam and curve in the lower rear seat allow for increased shin and leg clearance.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Southwest is the launch customer for the new seats represented here on the new Boeing 737 MAX aircraft.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen An rendering of Southwest's new Boeing 737 MAX 7 aircraft that are to begin arriving to the airline in 2017.  Southwest Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016, at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Former and current United Airlines employees who had served on the Boeing 727 pose in front of the first of the type after its final flight at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A delightfully dated interior graces the cabin of the first Boeing 727, which completed its last flight on March 2, 2016, in Seattle. It is now on permanent display at the Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique tri-engine assembly of the Boeing 727 graces a snow-white sky at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on March 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Bombardier business jet takes off at Seattle's Boeing Field airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual, private Short C-23 Sherpa lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 737-800 with Miami Air takes off from Boeing Field in Seattle in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Surrounded by a flock of swallows, a British Airways Boeing 777-200 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A ramp agent bids farewell to an ANA Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large flight board at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 displays connections for arriving international passengers on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 747-400 passes over houses on Myrtle Avenue, a popular airplane spotting location adjacent to London Heathrow, on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A TAP Portugal Airbus A319 jet takes off from London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands at a busy London Heathrow Airport on March 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Mauritius Airbus A340-300 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A British Airways Boeing 777-200 floats over a field in the early morning hours before landing at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Clad in the flag of its host nation, a Singapore Airlines Airbus A380 lands at London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flowery Finnair Airbus A340-300 takes off for nearby Helsinki from London Heathrow Airport on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Ready for its return flight to Seattle, a British Airways Boeing 747-400 prepares for boarding at London Heathrow's Terminal 5 on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A seat in British Airway's Club World business class, onboard a Boeing 747-400 bound for Seattle, on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The beautiful landscape of Seattle is seen on final approach from a British Airways Boeing 747-400 after a nine-hour flight from London Heathrow on March 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seattle-Tacoma International Airport's north satellite terminal, seen in March 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A remote airfield in southern Idaho makes for a picturesque scene on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The main ticketing terminal at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The world's first Boeing 727, which first flew in 1963, makes its final landing on March 2, 2016 at Boeing Field in Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E175 lands at Boise Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets taxi for take off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in March of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A Southwest Airlines jet gets ready to land at Tampa International Airport on June 6, 2016.  (Photo: Skip O'Rourke, Tampa Bay Times via AP) Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dXqhyj Most Popular Multiple airlines hit by reservations glitch 286 Shares Ask the Captain: Do airline pilots need a college degree? 293 Shares Santas and street art: What you'll see in New York's holiday store windows 303 Shares Aer Lingus could enter oneworld in 2017, says IAG CEO 46 Shares Holiday thrills: The season starts early at theme parks 56 Shares Security incident closes checkpoints, Sky Train at Phoenix airport 284 Shares
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Security HOME SECURITY MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Military Capabilities AUSA 2016: US Army to 'bridge' Block 1, 2 Chinook deals with IDIQ contract Marina Malenic, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 04 October 2016 The US Army will seek to bridge production between its Block 1 and Block 2 Boeing CH-47 Chinook cargo helicopter models with an indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract in 2018, the army's project manager for cargo helicopters said during a 3 October press briefing. The US Army will seek to bridge production between its Block 1 and Block 2 Boeing CH-47 Chinook models with an IDIQ contract for 159 aircraft in 2018. (Boeing) Speaking during the Association of the US Army's annual conference, Colonel Rob Barrie said that the contract would be for nine additional US Army aircraft plus the potential for 150 Foreign Military Sales (FMS) units. The US Army's acquisition executive in January gave the service permission to proceed with the Chinook Block 2 upgrade programme, an effort aimed at both the Boeing CH-47F and MH-47G fleets in the 2020s. The plan includes new or remanufactured airframes for both regular and special forces units. The army hopes to achieve Milestone B approval quickly and then enter an engineering and manufacturing development (EMD) phase, Col Barrie said. The army is studying new technologies such as the Advanced Chinook Rotor Blade (ACRB) and other upgrades that would bring the regular army's Chinook's more closely in line with the special forces fleet. This ACRB enhancement would raise the baseline CH-47F's payload from the current 10,886 kg to about 16,286 kg, according to Boeing. It would also increase lift capability by approximately 900 kg per blade (5,400 kg for the helicopter). Company officials have said that the ACRB could be ready for fielding in about 2019. Block 2 will also open the door to an improved engine for the Chinook. The Future Affordable Turbine Engine (FATE) programme will most likely be competed, Col Barrie added. General Electric Aviation has conducted development work, as has incumbent Honeywell, which has formed a partnership with Pratt & Whitney for the project. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (310 of 343 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Security Intelligence Solutions IHS Jane's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence IHS Jane's Military and Security Assessments IHS Jane's Terrorism & Insurgency Centre IHS Jane's Military Capabilities IHS Jane's Security: News Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK AMERICAS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK Colombian Marines to create new international combat training centre MILITARY CAPABILITIES US Army secretary expects recent personnel changes to remain in place MILITARY CAPABILITIES Vietnam expanding runway and building new hangars on Spratly Island, says research group MILITARY CAPABILITIES MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK Colombian Marines to create new international combat training centre MILITARY CAPABILITIES US Army secretary expects recent personnel changes to remain in place MILITARY CAPABILITIES Vietnam expanding runway and building new hangars on Spratly Island, says research group MILITARY CAPABILITIES IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Support at sea: New-generation afloat support ships A number of navies are undertaking acquisition programmes intended to recapitalise their afloat replenishment and maritime logistics capabilities. Luca Peruzzi and Richard Scott report Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Javascript must be enabled in your browser Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Stainless, Rare Earth, Metal Prices, Forecasting | MetalMiner Sourcing & Trading Intelligence for Global Metals Markets Log In About Us Contact Us menu Home Articles Commentary Industry News Market Analysis Metal Appreciation Conflict Minerals Research Monthly Report: Price Index Trends – November 2016 MetalMiner™ Metal Price Forecasting: Annual Metals Outlook Report – 2017 Historical Metal Price Reports Grain-Oriented Electrical Steel (GOES) Market Overview Free Conflict Minerals Resources SEC Conflict Minerals Compliance Program Commodity Management Strategies More Metal Sourcing Strategies 10 Reasons for MFRs to Ditch Purchase Price Variance Metal Prices Aluminum Carbon Steel Nickel Alloy Stainless Steel Titanium Forecasting Annual Outlook – 2017 Monthly Updates Custom Research and Forecasting Get Monthly Updates Benchmarking Price Benchmarking Benchmark Request Events Home | Ferrous Metals | The Aerospace Supply Chain is Slowing Commentary The Aerospace Supply Chain is Slowing by Stuart Burns on October 4, 2016 Style: Commentary Category: Ferrous Metals, Manufacturing, Non-ferrous Metals The aircraft market is having a pause. MetalMiner Price Benchmarking: Current and Historical Prices for the Metals You Buy Suggestions that sales have collapsed or that airlines are cancelling orders are overdone. After several years of record sales and the buildup of a huge backlog, it was inevitable that new orders would slow at some point. Not least of which because aircraft makers are a victim of their own success. Order backlogs are so long airlines are looking at new models scheduled to come out in a few years and saying, “why order the existing model — which won’t be delivered for years — when we could order the more fuel-efficient or longer-range model in a year or two from now?” In an article this week, the Financial Times reviews slowing sales for wide-body, twin-aisle aircraft and asks is it a long-term trend that will continue or is it a result of short-term problems manufacturers have had with their new models? What’s Selling? At the recent peak in 2013, Boeing and Airbus logged combined net orders for 750 wide body jets. Orders fell in both 2014 and 2015, and so far this year the companies have scraped together deals for a mere 123 jets, the paper reports. But sales of single aisle aircraft have held up better as low cost carriers in particular have started flying further with smaller aircraft. The paper quotes industry sources that say the share of widebodies in the global fleet has shrunk from roughly 25% in 1990 to about 19% today. About half of the routes flown by widebody aircraft are less than 5,500 kilometers, well within the range of the Airbus A321LR and Boeing’s new narrow-body 737 Max jet. Smaller aircraft reduce the carriers risk: they may cost a little more per passenger to run but they are not so hard to fill. Airlines will always need bigger aircraft for the most densely traveled long-haul routes, but the smaller aircraft are posing a challenge. Source: Financial Times. The widebody market has also suffered from some plane-specific issues. Sales of the Airbus A380 have been slow ATW reports and Airbus cut annual production rates from 27 in 2015 to 12 by 2018, which, from a personal perspective, I feel is a shame. The A380 is a pleasure to travel in, spacious and quiet compared to previous widebody aircraft like the jumbo. Meanwhile, Boeing is now talking openly about the possibility of reducing production of the existing generation 777 twin-aisle jet, as customers wait for the more fuel efficient 777X. The U.S. company is also more cautious about plans to increase the rate on the widebody 787 Dreamliner from 12 to 14 a month. What Does This Mean for Metal Suppliers? All of this will impact suppliers work rates in the years ahead. Projects are solid in terms of longevity but annual production volumes can rise and fall directly impacting suppliers return on investments and profitability. Mills, machine shops and component makers had geared up for an expected workflow based on substantial order books, but are now asking themselves to what extent the slowdown in sales is going to further impact production runs. Two-Month Trial: Metal Buying Outlook Aluminum and titanium aerospace has been a major driver of high value-add demand in recent years, encouraging mergers and acquisitions in the industry, investment and research and development. So far, the slowdown is not enough to call those decisions into question, but if single-aisle production rates were to follow twin-aisle, the market would look even less rosy for suppliers. {0 comments add one now} Leave a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PREVIOUS POST: IMF Downgrades U.S. Growth; Goldcorp Closes Mexican Mine NEXT POST: The DoJ and the Banks: Has a Political Prosecution Gone International? Metal Price Outlook November Price Outlook Data Analysis November Price Trends Search for: Free Newsletter Our Free MetalMiner Newsletter Next Issue: Monday! Sign Up in fb twitter rss youtube Lead Sponsors Affiliates Article Keywords aluminum price coking coal price copper price gold price iron ore price LME copper nickel price palladium price platinum price silver price stainless steel price steel price Key Resources View From China SMM Latest News Base Metal Prices to Diverge, SMM Says October 11, 2016 China Aluminum Stocks Soar After Holiday, SMM Says October 10, 2016 US Copper Imports Fall in August, Exports Grow October 10, 2016 ©2016 MetalMiner  All rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of service
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News Home » India AI Dreamliner windshield cracks en route from Singapore to ChennaiSaurabh Sinha The windshield of an Air India Dreamliner cracked while flying into Chennai from Singapore on Sunday. However, the aircraft was landed safely and then grounded. Windshield cracks happen due to uneven heating or something hitting the windshield. | TNN | Updated: Oct 4, 2016, 10.52 AM IST Highlights The windshield of an Air India Dreamliner cracked while flying into Chennai from Singapore on Sunday Windshield cracks happen due to uneven heating or something hitting the windshield AI is hoping that this is a one-off caseRepresentative image NEW DELHI: The windshield of an Air India Dreamliner cracked while flying into Chennai from Singapore on Sunday. However, the aircraft was landed safely and then grounded. AI has faced several instances of windshield cracks in the Boeing 787 and the US major has in last two to three years carried out several modifications to check this issue. "The latest problem happened when the aircraft was approaching Chennai. A windshield has two layers. One of the layers was cracked and the other was intact. So the plane landed safely. The Boeing has managed to reduce the occurrence of windshield cracks in the B-787 and this has re-occurred after some time. The windshield was changed on Monday afternoon and the plane is back in the air," said an official. AI is hoping that this is a one-off case and not the beginning of yet another round of windshield cracks in the Dreamliner. The airline has in the past raised the issue of frequent windshield cracks — which used to be the most recurring problem in its Dreamliner — with Boeing which had managed to control the menace in recent past. Windshield cracks happen due to uneven heating or something hitting the windshield. "This happens when a foreign object hits aircraft which are more than five years old. The Dreamliners have been in AI fleet for just over four years," said a source. "The ongoing investigation by Boeing indicates that moisture ingress has resulted in an increased rate of occurrence (of windshield cracks). A new window design with improved features is in progress to reduce such incidents. The occurrences experienced on the airplanes were cracking of the non-structural outer glass ply, which does not affect the safety of the airplane due to the windshield's 'fail safe' (multiple-layer) construction. AI has taken up the issue with Boeing, who have informed that old windshields shall be replaced by new windshields with improved design features," the aviation ministry had told Parliament in a written reply about two years back when this problem had become a regular affair. Pune rejected take off The Air India flight which had to abort take-off at Pune on Sunday and then evacuate passengers using chutes on the runway had got an 'engine failure' message for one its engines when it was taxiing to get airborne for Delhi. "As a precaution, while taxiing, the pilot was asked to check the engine performance at full power as some repair work was carried out on an engine earlier. At this point, the pilot got a message of engine failure. While returning to the parking bay, the air traffic control saw smoke emitting from the engine and the passengers were then evacuated using slides," said an official. This scare happened on an Airbus A-321 (VT-PPQ) when it was to take off as AI 854 to Delhi. Following examination of the engine, it was found that the engine failure message was incorrect. AI is sending the details of the engine test to the equipment manufacturer. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular 'Acting on terror': Pak envoy lies to US despite Hafiz Saeed's rallies Tendulkar would hit 100 and then shop, reveals Ganguly India strikes back, carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads at LoC Ten coaches of Jhelum Express derail, two injured The Jhelum Express, which connects Pune to Jammu Tawi, met with an accident. Ten bogies of the train derailed in Ludhiana’s Phillaur district, leaving at least two people injured. Railway Anil Saxena PRO Railway said that the medical and relief team have reached the accident site. The injured were rushed to the nearby hospital. Kashmir issue: United Nations snubs Pakistan again Another snub to Pakistan, UN has rejected Pakistan's plea to comment on Sushma Swaraj's speech at UNGA. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7windshieldSingaporeparliamentBoeingAir India Dreamliner Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Bihar effect? BJP keeps old guard in good humour in Uttar Pradesh PoK attack lifts mood, but no surety for votes in UP Singapore PM arrives in Delhi, takes bus to hotel 2016 sees rise in violence in valley; infiltration attempts rise to 85 from 31 last year Pakistan is like a thief bitten by a scorpion, cannot cry out even when in pain: M Venkaiah Naidu Pakistan violates ceasefire again, heavy shelling across LoC in Rajouri Drug crisis in store if Sino-Indian ties worsen Cross-LoC op drowns voices against PM Modi Don’t post info on troops: Army 1AI Dreamliner windshield cracks en route from Singapore to Chennai 2Bihar effect? BJP keeps old guard in good humour in Uttar Pradesh 3PoK attack lifts mood, but no surety for votes in UP 4Singapore PM arrives in Delhi, takes bus to hotel 52016 sees rise in violence in valley; infiltration attempts rise to 85 from 31 last year 6Pakistan is like a thief bitten by a scorpion, cannot cry out even when in pain: M Venkaiah Naidu 7Pakistan violates ceasefire again, heavy shelling across LoC in Rajouri 8Drug crisis in store if Sino-Indian ties worsen 9Cross-LoC op drowns voices against PM Modi 10Don’t post info on troops: Army About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack Kolkata Test Score India Surgical Strike US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Cauvery Water Dispute Breaking News Dussehra 2016 Jayalalitha Health Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
null
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies AFP on October 4, 2016, 8:38 am US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Washington (AFP) - The Obama administration said Monday that it will press the World Trade Organization to enforce a panel report that found the European Union guilty of maintaining illegal subsidies to Airbus. The US Trade Representative plans a special meeting at the WTO on October 14 as it defends US aircraft producer Boeing's market position against what it calls unfair competition from its European rival. That follows the September 22 finding of a WTO appeals board that the European Union failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. The US wants the WTO to formally adopt the appeals panel's findings, and "will press for the rapid enforcement of those findings in a special meeting of the WTO's Dispute Settlement Body," the US Trade Representative's office said in a statement. "We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," said Michael Froman, the US trade representative. "We need to resolve these disputes once and for all." The WTO appeals panel, ruling in the dispute dating back to 2004, said that the European Union had not taken the steps ordered by the WTO in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. The WTO did not give a value to those programs, but Boeing said they amounted to $22 billion worth of illegal support for Airbus development and sales. Boeing also claimed that as a result of the September 22 ruling, the United States could now levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. At the time, the European Union said it found some of the WTO findings "unsatisfactory" and noted it had the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. Washington has said it is ready to negotiate a solution over the broader dispute. But Froman said in a statement that the US "is strongly committed to enforcing the rights of the United States under our trade agreements and we will use every tool at our disposal to expedite these cases for the benefit of American businesses and workers." Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News CCTV captures man carrying liquid container moments before Melbourne bank blast Brisbane mother delivers her baby in front seat of car A Brisbane mother has given birth in the passenger seat of her family car after her little boy couldn’t wait to enter the world. Man dressed as hammerhead shark throws net over Premier Mike Baird in protest A man has thrown a net on Premier Mike Baird at a press conference announcing five new shark nets off the NSW far north coast. 'I’m allowed to put on weight now': Former female jockey hits back at fat-shamers A female jockey forced to retire after a shocking race fall has hit out at her ‘fat-shaming’ critics, saying she doesn’t “need to be skinny anymore”. Woman bursts into tears after admitting 'repulsive' sex acts with her dog A woman who pleaded guilty to bestiality, stabbing a woman with a fork and biting a child will be sentenced on Monday. Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters A Sydney journalist has been left bruised and bloodied after being attacked by a supporter of Tarek Assaad, whose gangland brother was shot dead last month. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Police catch giant python after it ate villager's ducks Man combines love of tea and bungy jumping to break world record 'In Russia, the bus catches you': Texting jaywalker smashed by bus Crowd cheers as Sydney schoolboys beat each other in savage brawl Warne, Slater, KP in hot water over in-car Facebook video Monkey adopted by herd of goats in China WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! OUR PICKS Meakin sentenced to 18 years jail for hit-run murder Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters WA mum punched, robbed at petrol station English tourist dies after diving off Port Douglas MOST VIEWED Polar bear captured giving dog a pat in Canada Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US to press WTO to enforce ruling on Airbus subsidies By Afp Published: 17:39 EST, 3 October 2016 | Updated: 17:39 EST, 3 October 2016 e-mail The Obama administration said Monday that it will press the World Trade Organization to enforce a panel report that found the European Union guilty of maintaining illegal subsidies to Airbus. The US Trade Representative plans a special meeting at the WTO on October 14 as it defends US aircraft producer Boeing's market position against what it calls unfair competition from its European rival. That follows the September 22 finding of a WTO appeals board that the European Union failed to end illegal subsidies for Airbus. The WTO appeals panel, ruling in the dispute dating back to 2004, said that the European Union had not taken the steps ordered by the WTO in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus ©Pascal Pavani (AFP/File) The US wants the WTO to formally adopt the appeals panel's findings, and "will press for the rapid enforcement of those findings in a special meeting of the WTO's Dispute Settlement Body," the US Trade Representative's office said in a statement. "We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," said Michael Froman, the US trade representative. "We need to resolve these disputes once and for all." The WTO appeals panel, ruling in the dispute dating back to 2004, said that the European Union had not taken the steps ordered by the WTO in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. The WTO did not give a value to those programs, but Boeing said they amounted to $22 billion worth of illegal support for Airbus development and sales. Boeing also claimed that as a result of the September 22 ruling, the United States could now levy retaliatory duties against the European Union of up to $10 billion a year. At the time, the European Union said it found some of the WTO findings "unsatisfactory" and noted it had the right to appeal the ruling. It also pointed out that the WTO is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing. Washington has said it is ready to negotiate a solution over the broader dispute. But Froman said in a statement that the US "is strongly committed to enforcing the rights of the United States under our trade agreements and we will use every tool at our disposal to expedite these cases for the benefit of American businesses and workers." The World Trade Organization is likely to rule in the coming months on EU and Airbus complaints about what they say is illegal US support for Boeing ©Toshifumi Kitamura (AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'You have to respect the voters': Ed Balls insists he won't quit Strictly as he joins Katya Jones and his glamorous co-stars in Blackpool Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy Gwen Stefani goes for autumnal chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Bonding time But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

LOG IN REGISTER RSS FEEDS CONTACT US VIEW CART  SITEMAP [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot Your Password? Home Quick Links: 2016 Leadership in Law honorees IL 25th anniversary stories 2015 Practicing Law in Indiana survey results NEWS Law Firm Big Law Midsize Law Solo and Small Firm Courts Indiana Court of Appeals Indiana Supreme Court Indiana Tax Courts State trial courts 7th Circuit Court of Appeals Supreme Court of the United States District Courts Pro bono/Legal aid Law Schools Indiana Tech Law School Indiana University Maurer School of Law Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law University of Notre Dame Law School Valparaiso University School of Law Discipline Government General Assembly State agencies Federal agencies Opinion Indiana Lawyer Editorial Letters to the Editor Features IN THIS ISSUE Top Stories Focus Opinion In Brief On The Move Indiana Lawyer Digital Newspaper BAR ASSOCS. Indiana State Bar Association Allen County Bar Association Evansville Bar Association Indianapolis Bar Association More Bar Associations Lake County Bar Association Marion County Bar Association St. Joseph County Bar Association Other local bar associations Defense Trial Counsel of Indiana Indiana Trial Lawyers Association CORP. COUNSEL Submit profile for Corporate Counsel Guide In-house counsel profiles Corporate Counsel Guide People on the move Submit On the Move View On the Move Opinions CLE/Events Indiana Lawyer CLE Events CLE Calendar Submit CLE Leadership in Law SUBMIT Submit a trial report Submit On the Move Submit CLE Submit for Corporate Counsel Guide Submit for Leadership in Law nominations 2016 Leadership in Law Winners Past Recipients Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscribe Print & Online Subscriptions IL Daily & Other eNews Alerts Print and Online Trial Subscriptions Subscription Renewals ILNews Home Opinions Oct. 3, 2016 October 3, 2016 Keywords Opinions Back to TopE-mailPrint Related News and Opinion Opinions Nov. 17, 2016 Opinions Nov. 16, 2016 Opinions Nov. 15, 2016 Opinions Nov. 14, 2016 Opinions Nov. 10, 2016 ADVERTISEMENT 7th Circuit Court of Appeals Exodus Refugee Immigration, Inc. v. Michael R. Pence, in his official capacity as Governor of Indiana, et al. 16-1509 Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis Division. Judge Tanya Walton Pratt. Civil. Affirms preliminary injunction barring Gov. Mike Pence from ordering federal money to assist the resettlement of Syrian refugees be withheld because of potential terror threats. The district judge was correct in granting the injunction because Exodus is likely to prevail in a trial on the merits. Indiana Court of Appeals In the Term. of the Parent-Child Relationship of H.L. (Minor Child), C.L. (Mother) and L.F. (Father) v. The Ind. Dept. of Child Services (mem. dec.) 89A01-1604-JT-911 Juvenile termination of parental rights. Affirms trial court’s order terminating C.L. and L.F.’s parental rights to child H.L. Finds that there was sufficient evidence to support the termination of the parent-child relationship. Cynthia Brown and Gregory Brown v. The Boeing Company (mem. dec.) 49A04-1601-CT-177 Civil tort. Affirms jury verdict in favor of The Boeing Co. after Cynthia and Gregory Brown sued Boeing for negligence after Cynthia Brown as injured in a car accident caused by a Boeing employee. Finds that the trial court did not erroneously exclude evidence regarding alleged bias of a Boeing expert witness and evidence that Cynthia Brown was no longer able to continue working with special needs children. Jeffrey Ashley v. State of Indiana (mem. dec.) 49A02-1512-CR-2214 Criminal. Affirms Jeffrey Ashley’s convictions of criminal deviate conduct as a Class B felony, sexual misconduct with a minor as a Class B felony, criminal confinement as a Class D felony and sexual battery as a Class D felony. Finds that there was sufficient evidence to support Ashley’s convictions and that there was no double jeopardy violation. ADVERTISEMENT ADVANCED SEARCH Sponsored by ADVERTISEMENT Justices weigh whether child abuse reporter can sue DCS for breach of confidentiality 5 practice areas expected to see major growth in 2017 Impending closure of Indiana Tech Law School brings anger, uncertainty Legal educators: Well-being of Indiana Tech students must be first priority Most Read Most E-mailed Recent Comments Huntington Superior Court judge resigns Barnes & Thornburg malpractice suit prompts judge’s warning Shot officer’s suit against gun dealer splits COA ISBA poll shows strong support for COA judges’ retention Justices dismiss ESPN suit, find Notre Dame police not public agency Most Read Most E-mailed Recent Comments Documentary marking federal court bicentennial in Indiana focuses on 3 cases Justices dismiss ESPN suit, find Notre Dame police not public agency Barnes & Thornburg malpractice suit prompts judge’s warning Trend of in-house counsel doing more internally likely to continue State appeals judgment for deaf litigant denied interpreter Most Read Most E-mailed Recent Comments They need to provide shelter for single mothers with addictions and financially uplifting them and reunifing in the process instead of separation unless otherwise in regards of the Dcs situation meaning abuse etc... In that form then that's different... I'm wondering if you ever found out how to remove your name? As the same thing happened to my bf. They said 10 years but on the list it shows for life. He is on there for criminal confinement. The origination numbers are in IL's more factually based, viewpoint neutral Oct. 14 article, and show that women partners' pay is 38.1% of their originations. For men, it's only 36.6%. To the extent origination isn't credited fairly, that should be addressed. But overall the split seems equitable, especially considering associates take home something like 20-25% of the revenue from their billable hours. To express a more cynical point: to many, elitist lawyer millionaires debating how unfair things are because, even though the numbers look totally equitable on their face, there might possibly be some latent gender bias that's holding down women law partners' half a million dollar salaries by a few bucks is sickening. This is especially true when people also see lawyers (fairly or not) as the folks that are helping companies ship jobs overseas, ship taxable income overseas through inversions, being smart arses who make it a point to act combative and intimidating (and not just at work), and as totally unaffordable. Sure, perhaps in a bias-free world you could make a little more money and buy a fourth BMW or take yet another trip to Europe. But we should probably forgive those who are unsympathetic to an insistence on rigid notions of income equality among law firm partners. Were these registered for Republicans? I may not be worthy of an Indiana law license (I am not), and I am banned for the balance of my natural life (25 years?) from ever petitioning the Ind.S.Ct. to be admitted again, but I have worked for SOS Kris Kobach for two years now as a government attorney in KS (often up against the ACLU)-- aside --- four years as the Consumer Protection/Antitrust Chief in Kansas under pro-life Attorney General Phill Kline before that -- and can say without a doubt that this fine man, Kris Kobach, would make a fine US Attorney General. A sea change in policy, that is for certain: http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/election/article114950423.html CAVEAT: I could be wrong, of course. Heckfire, I thought I would make a fine Indiana attorney as well -- evidently not. Disclaimer: The Indiana Board of Law Examiners would likely recommend all reading this take my opinion with a grain of salt. I am, after all, so politically incorrect as to be counted as psychologically suspect due to my worldview and associations, and so my Westlaw profile (more than 20 cases, many before federal appellate courts, but mostly all for far right wing causes) does not count as fitness to practice, and my work for Kline and Kobach certainly count against my claim to have good moral character. Add to all of that my penchant for reminding powerful elitists of their duties to the Indiana and US constitutions, much to their great displeasure, and my lifetime banishment is explained. When America is great again the constitutions will again be used to hold government agents responsible under the law, rather than government agents trampling the constitutions to further political agendas of the Left. MAGA! Multimedia Photo Gallery Leadership in Law 2016 Leadership in Law 2015 Leadership in Law 2014 More Photos Photo Gallery More Radio Photo Gallery More Videos Photo Gallery More Podcasts Court Calendar Court of Appeals Supreme Court November 21, 2016 William Groth v. Mike Pence, as Governor of the State of Indiana - 11/21/16 November 21, 2016 The Estate of Gary Pfafman v. Lori Lancaster, Individually, and as Guardian of the Estate of Cole Craig - 11/21/16 November 30, 2016 Celadon Trucking v. Wilmoth, et al. - 11/30/16 More Listings Court of Appeals Supreme Court November 22, 2016 Noe Escamilla v. Shiel Sexton Company, Inc. - 11/22/16 November 22, 2016 Lisa Harris v. State of Indiana - 11/22/16 More Listings ADVERTISEMENT Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews & eAlerts SUBMIT TO EDIT News Tip/Story Idea Submit On the Move Correction to Story Award Nominations Letter to the Editor Press Release FTP to Indiana Lawyer THEINDIANALAWYER.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE TheIndianaLawyer.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming Lawyer Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Jobs at IBJ Media Reprints ADVERTISING Print Advertising Online Advertising Contacts Classifieds MULTIMEDIA Photo Gallery Mobile Phone App Mobile Website Indiana Lawyer on Facebook THEINDIANALAWYER.COM Editorial Calendar Archives Indiana Lawyer Digital Newspaper Supplements Polls OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES IBJ.com Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing. Additional Hosting & Delivery by
At Home in the World Share your travel experiences Subscribe For just $6 Subscribe Subscribe Where in the world are you thinking of?Search food & drinksstyle & designarts & culturetravel inspirationtravel awardstravel intelcity guidesvideosvoyagesupgrades & extras Restaurants & CafesBars & NightlifeWineCocktails The Best New Places to Eat in Tel Aviv The Hottest Wine Destinations of 2016 You Can't Get These Hotel Cocktails Anywhere Else in the World Pastry Chef Dominique Ansel to Open Tokyo Pop-Up FashionShoppingDesignArchitectureStreet StyleBeauty & WellnessLuxury The 10 Most Beautiful Snow Castles In the World Traveler x Allure = the Ultimate Dopp Kit We Love These Fashion-and-Food Mashups The Famed Venice Lion Has Been Restored, Thanks to...Coco Chanel? MusicArtFilm & TVBooksMuseums & GalleriesTheatre & DanceFestivals & Events The 10 Best Travel Books of 2015 Print Isn't Dead at These Bookstores for Obsessives The World's Best Museum Gift Shops 9 Breathtaking Photos of Rajasthan, India CruisesRomanceThe Next ListCultureBeachesFoodFamilyOut of the OrdinaryGay & LesbianEco & AdventureRoad Trips A Perfect Day in Lexington, Kentucky 10 Frozen Lakes That Will Restore Your Faith in Winter 15 Breathtaking Photos of the Great Barrier Reef 15 Places That Look Like They're On Another Planet Readers' Choice AwardsGold ListHot List The Best Cities in the World The Best Islands in the World The 50 Best Hotels In the World The 50 Best Resorts in the World Business TravelLoyalty & RewardsAir TravelHotelsCruisesDrivingTech & GearFamily TravelHealthSolo Travel The World's Safest Airline Is... Top 10 Things to Do In Lexington, Kentucky Americans Won't Need Visas to Visit Brazil This Summer How to Go on Vacation With Your Coworkers Morocco Paris Milan London New York City Dubai Nashville Rome San Francisco Cape Town Tokyo Las Vegas Beijing Singapore Aspen Philadelphia Austin Los Angeles Florence Barcelona Chicago Washington, D.C. Hotel Stories Let's Eat Shorter Than Short Drink With A View An African Summer: 10 Days in Botswana The Grand Coast: A Journey Through Croatia Wild at Heart: A Brazilian Safari Of Emeralds and Elephants: The Wonders of Rajasthan The Seven Cruise WondersConnoisseursExtraordinariesPostThe Road Less TraveledThe Editor's Itinerary 2nd Annual Shorties Festival Modern Adventure The Editor's Itinerary Close Where in the world are you thinking of?Search; Travel IntelAir Travel Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email Boeing Wants to Project Clouds and Stars Into Its Airplane Cabins by Sebastian ModakOctober 3, 2016 Courtesy Boeing Projections mimicking the time of day can theoretically help prevent jet-lag. Share via facebook dialog Share via Pinterest Stargaze your way through a long-haul flight. Airplane manufacturers are constantly innovating to minimize costs or outpace the competition and, if the diagrams and designs that pass through the U.S. Patent Office are any indication, no idea is too crazy. Filed aviation patents range from the revolutionary (a supersonic jet powered by rockets that will get you from San Francisco to Tokyo in three hours) to the straight-up sadistic (How do you fit more seats into a plane? Stack ‘em!). A patent from Boeing filed last month, however, doesn’t fall squarely into either camp, instead being more of the "That's neat!" variety. Boeing has designed a projection system that would allow it to project calming images—cloud-dotted blue skies during the day and a starry night once the sun sets—in the interior of the plane, on its walls and ceilings. The company wants to use creative projection lighting as a way to enhance the flier experience. A clear-day sky can make a cramped cabin feel a little bigger—but it could also, we imagine, create the illusion of flying in a convertible jet, which is a little unsettling for those afraid of flying to begin with. It can also lead to a better night's sleep, as projections could be used to simulate the time of day, so that you don't disembark groggy and exhausted. But if the concept becomes a reality, its use wouldn’t be limited to just setting the mood, or displaying psychedelic star patterns to lull you to sleep. “These ceiling projections could be scenes found in nature or helpful information for passengers projected on the walls and bulkheads,” said Mike Sinnett, a VP of product development at Boeing, last year when the idea was first announced. “Airlines could use these lighting enhancements on the walls and bulkheads to display information about the destination or to project scenes that get passengers thinking about where they’re going." Lighting has increasingly been used by manufacturers as a way to improve the air travel experience. It’s a wonder why it’s taken them so long to realize the fluorescent lights we are currently used to do not in any way achieve that. Most notably, the Airbus A350 includes a system of LED cabin lighting that can emit 16.7 million different shades of color to mimic the natural phases of the day and thus limit the effects of jet-lag. The wild world of aviation patents never fails to deliver, but it’s important to note that for the most part, it can take a long time until any of them are realized (we are still waiting for the SkyDeck, that totally insane viewing deck on top of the plane). Regardless, it’s encouraging to see the major aviation players channeling R&D resources into projects besides adding more seats into already cramped cabins. Video Highlights Share this story Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email Recommended for You Travel Inspiration The 20 Most Beautiful College Campuses in America by Laura Vogel Read Now Follow CNTraveler Get Traveler Delivered Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Helpful LinksAdvertise with CNTravelerCNTraveler Media KitReprints & PermissionsSite Map More from Condé NastCondé Nast Traveler UKCondé Nast Traveler SpainCondé Nast StoreCareers at Condé Nast Condé Nast Visit Our Sister SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016).  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content The Best Luxury Cars, Jets, Yachts, Travel, Watches | Robb Report Search this site SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER Autos Aviation Boating Travel Watch Collector Real Estate Spirits Style Jewelry Fashion Partners Exceptional Itineraries Christopher Designs XOJET’s Guide to Napa More Home Design Fine Dining Sports & Other Pursuits Consumer Electronics Art & Collectibles Health & Wellness Videos Slideshows Luxury Newswire You are here Home » Aviation This Private Dreamliner Jet Could Serve as a Second Home View slideshow Michelle Seaton OCTOBER 02, 2016 A Boeing 787-8 is transformed into an apartment that can fly.  If you feel that a private jet can never be toospacious, consider a customized Boeing Dreamliner. “A business executive toured the aircraft and afterward he told me that he’d like to have it as a second home—one that he could fly from place to place,” says Stephen Vella, the CEO of Kestrel Aviation Management, a Washington-based company that initiated the design and oversaw the customization of the Dreamliner shown on these pages. When configured for commercial flights, a 787-8 can carry more than 240 passengers. The passenger area is 18 feet across and more than 138 feet long. At roughly 2,400 square feet, the cabin is nearly three times the size of the 737 Boeing Business Jet’s. The 787 has a range of more than 9,000 miles when it’s configured to carry only 40 passengers, as this aircraft is. The cabin was bare, or green, when Kestrel took delivery of the aircraft for its owner in 2014. The company hired Paris-based Pierrejean Design to create 2-D and 3-D models of the proposed interior and worked with Greenpoint Technologies of Washington to complete the aircraft. The result is a cabin that is elegant and uncluttered and provides passengers with an unforgettable travel experience. Photography by Kestrel Aviation Management (kestrelaviation.com) View Slideshow Aviation Boeing Jet Featured Slideshows These 5 Charcoal Cocktails Are a Gotham-Inspired Fashion Statement Black Friday might be your cause célèbre or give you cause to quaff potent beverages—in this case, black beverages. Heck, consider them a Gotham-inspired fashion statement, after all, prominent in... View Slideshow Six Timeless Shoe Styles Every Man Should Have in His Closet Shoes, like much of menswear, have changed immensely over the last 40 years, with styles like the ultra-high platform shoes of the 1970s coming in and—thankfully—going out of style. Some shoes,... View Slideshow Five Skeleton Watches Just in Time for Halloween Despite their rather grave name, skeleton watches are some of the most visually playful timepieces on the market. The elaborate decorative technique, which involves painstakingly trimming away all of... View Slideshow 7 Wireless Earbuds that Make Apple AirPods Look Boring Convenience rules when it comes to personal audio, so the next innovation is getting rid of those pesky wires connected to earbuds. Based on the assumption that these Bluetooth earbuds will become... View Slideshow World Series 2016: City Guide to Cleveland By now, it is obvious to any sports fan that Cleveland does indeed rock. With the euphoria of the Cavaliers’ victory in the NBA Finals still at a fever pitch, “Believeland” gets ready to cheer its... View Slideshow 10 Radiant New Cars from the City of Lights’ Auto Show Every other year, the City of Light hosts the Mondial de l’Automobile , showcasing the latest cars destined for Europe and the rest of the world. This year, the Paris Motor Show (as it is commonly... View Slideshow Previous Pause Next 1 of 6 From Around the Web... What's new in Aviation 847 Stories Available | Advanced search The Very First Dassault Falcon 8X Jet Is Ready for... The ultralong-range jet puts the world in reach with a 7,422-mile range and a top speed of 425 mph… Read Article London City Airport Upgrades Its High-End Traveler... The airport has added a new first-class lounge and cleared the Legacy 500 for landing… Read Article How the New FAA Certification Rules Could Make Thi... The approval process is about to become simpler and shorter. Here’s why that’s good news… Read Article Robb Report’s 2016 Private-Jet-Manufacturers Repor... The latest news from the world’s five top private-jet builders… View Slideshow Robb Report’s 2016 Personal-Aircraft-Manufacturers... The latest news from four of the world’s top personal-aircraft builders… View Slideshow An Inside Look at What Happens When You Buy and Ta... Purchasing a private jet is a special occasion, and Embraer Executive Jets treats it as such… Read Article Four Questions You Have to Ask Yourself before Buy... You could waste a lot of money on a plane if you’re not a good candidate for ownership… Read Article The Five Biggest Mistakes You Can Make When Buying... Robb Report’s private-aviation advisors identify the costly errors and tell you how to avoid them… Read Article These Four Custom Private-Jet Exteriors Give New M... The inspirations for these bespoke liveries range from a chameleon to Champagne bubbles… View Slideshow A Private Jet Tour Through the Birthplace of Weste... The 12-day tour hopscotches the United Kingdom and continent via Embraer Legacy 600 aircraft… Read Article 847 Stories Available | Advanced search Featured Videos This Company Is Testing a Commercial Space Balloon Step Inside the Custom Interior of This Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner Private Jet Flying the Incredible Icon A5 Amphibious Sport Plane over Manhattan Yasava’s New Private Jet Interior Is as Comfortable and Stylish as It Gets BEST of the BEST 2015: Gulfstream G450 The Game-Changing Icon A5 Light Sport Aircraft Is Ready for Delivery Robb Report Magazine SUBSCRIBE TODAY Buy this Issue Digital Editions Give a Gift Subscriber Customer Service get the good life at a great price PAY NOW & GET TWO FREE ISSUES! 1 YR (12 ISSUES) $65.002 YRS (24 ISSUES) $100.003 YRS (36 ISSUES) $135.00 canadian orders | international orders Robb Report New & Noteworthy Robb Report Video Luxury Newswire Best of the Best Private Avaiation Advisory Board International Partners Licensing Robb Report Subscribe to Robb Report Digital Editions Give a Gift Subscriber Customer Service Newsletters Robb Report Subscribe to Robb Report Digital Editions Gift a Gift Subscriber Customer Service Newsletters International Partners Licensing Robb Report Reprints Back Issues RobbReport.com New & Noteworthy Robb Report Video Real Estate Listings Luxury Newswire Best of the Best RSS Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Quick Links News & Press About Us Contact Us Advertise © 2016 CurtCo Robb Media, LLC, All Rights Reserved Categories Autos Aviation Boating Travel Real Estate Fashion Watch Collector Jewelry Fine Dining Spirits Sports & Leisure Home Design Electronics Art & Collectibles Subscribe Print Edition Digital Editions Give a Gift Newsletters Renew Subscription Customer Service Videos Slideshows Luxury Newswire Best of the Best 2016 Car of the Year Home & Style Health & Wellness Robb Report First Look From Our Partners
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Blog Coverage Lockheed Martin and Boeing Joint Venture Signs Agreement with US Air Force Space And Missile Systems Center Blog Coverage Lockheed Martin and Boeing Joint Venture Signs Agreement with US Air Force Space And Missile Systems Center Posted on October 3, 2016 by Active Wall Street in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / October 3, 2016 / Active Wall St. blog coverage looks at the headline from The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT). United Launch Alliance (ULA) and the US Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center signed a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) to begin the certification process for the company’s new Vulcan Centaur launch vehicle. Formed in December 2006, ULA is a 50-50 joint venture owned by Lockheed Martin Corp. and The Boeing Company. Register with us now for your free membership and blog access at:&nbsp;http://www.activewallst.com/register/. Today, AWS is promoting its blog coverage on BA and LMT. Get all of our free blog coverage and more by clicking on the links below: http://www.activewallst.com/registration-3/?symbol=BA http://www.activewallst.com/registration-3/?symbol=LMT The Agreement “Our Vulcan Centaur rocket will revolutionize spaceflight and provide affordable, reliable access to space,” said Tory Bruno, ULA president and CEO, “We look forward to collaboratively working through the certification process with the Air Force.” The agreement will allow the Space and Missile Systems Center evaluations according to the Air Force’s New Entrant Certification Guide, which comprises of monitoring at least two certification flights. The Vulcan Centaur rocket design leverages the proven success and the Delta IV and Atlas V launch vehicles, while introducing innovative new technologies and features. This high-capable new rocket will serve a diverse range of market including commercial, civil, and national security space customers. The Vulcan is intended to replace the Atlas V launcher used for many military satellites, and to make launches less expensive by employing reusable components. ULA’s new launch vehicle will feature a 5.4-meter-diameter first stage booster, either a 4- or 5-meter fairing, and up to six Orbital ATK solid rocket motors. “The new rocket will offer greater performance than our current fleet of rockets at less than half the historical prices for our customers,” said Bruno. The ULA team completed the vehicle’s Preliminary Design Review in July 2016 and is on schedule to fly the inaugural flight test of the Vulcan Centaur in 2019. Lockheed Bags Multiple Contracts Apart from the ULA certification, on September 30th, 2016, The Minister for Defence, Senator Marise Payne, and the Minister for Defence Industry, Christopher Pyne, announced that Lockheed Martin Australia has been selected as the preferred Combat System Integrator for Australia’s Future Submarine Program, subject to further discussion on commercial matters. “Lockheed Martin Australia will be our Combat System Integrator to partner with Defence and DCNS to design and integrate the combat system of our Future Submarine, which meets our unique capability requirements.” On the same day, Lockheed Martin was awarded $24.38 million for modification P00003 under a previously awarded fixed-price-incentive-firm contract (N00019-16-C-0004) for procurement of three full mission simulators for the Air Force in support of F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. Stock Performance Last Friday, the stock closed the trading session at $131.74, climbing 0.54% from its previous closing price of $131.03. A total volume of 3.12 million shares have exchanged hands. Boeing’s stock price advanced 1.77% in the last month, 2.42% in the past three months, and 6.00% in the previous six months. Furthermore, in the past twelve months, shares of the company have gained 4.12%. The stock is trading at a PE ratio of 24.19 and has a dividend yield of 3.31%. Lockheed Martin’s share price finished yesterday’s trading session at $239.72, sliding 1.08%. A total volume of 2.17 million shares exchanged hands. The stock has advanced 8.42% and 20.46% in the last six months and past twelve months, respectively. Furthermore, since the start of the year, shares of the company have gained 12.75%. The stock is trading at a PE ratio of 19.94 and has a dividend yield of 2.75%. Active Wall Street: Active Wall Street (AWS) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. AWS has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. AWS has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the “Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the “Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst, for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@activewallst.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA&#174; charterholder (the “Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by AWS. AWS is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither AWS nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://www.activewallst.com/disclaimer/. CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@activewallst.com Phone number: 1-858-257-3144 Office Address: 3rd floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH, United Kingdom CFA&#174; and Chartered Financial Analyst&#174; are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE: Active Wall Street ReleaseID: 446391 Latest News BeWarned Makes a Significant Motion in the World of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK; CHKDG) &amp; Lead Plaintiff Deadline: December 5, 2016 ID Global Corporation Posts Q2 2016 Report Former Microsoft Principal Enterprise Strategist and Senior Architect, Robert Ortega, Joins BTT Corp. as CTO ENow Named in Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500™ ENow Named in Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500™ ComplianceOnline to Host Banking Summit on April-27-28, 2017 in New York, NY ComplianceOnline to Host Banking Summit on April-27-28, 2017 in New York, NY SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Mylan N.V. (MYL) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline – December 12, 2016 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz &amp; Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Biogen Inc. (BIIB) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline – December 23, 2016 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
null

Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Trump effect on Calif. vote? 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Ellen-Pao-brushes-off-United-Boeing-challenges-9696881.php Ellen Pao brushes off United; Boeing challenges Musk Chronicle Staff and News Services Published 4:13 pm, Tuesday, October 4, 2016 Way-too-friendly skies When Ellen Pao complained about cold treatment by United, the lovelorn airline tried to patch things up by tweeting a series of Bob Dylan lyrics at her. Another Twitter user said the lines from “Make You Feel My Love” were “downright creepy.” The reaction from the former Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner, who sued her firm after co-workers allegedly made unwanted romantic overtures: “Wot.” Mars challenge Boeing helped the U.S. beat the Soviet Union to the moon. Now it intends to go toe-to-toe with Elon Musk in the race to Mars. Boeing and Musk’s SpaceX are the first commercial companies that NASA selected to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg sketched out a Jetsons-like future at a conference Tuesday, saying the company might even beat Musk to his longtime goal of sending humans to Mars. “I’m convinced the first person to step foot on Mars will arrive there riding a Boeing rocket,” Muilenburg said. Musk said last week that he welcomes competitors to his planned craft that would dwarf the workhorse of Apollo missions of a half-century ago. It would haul travelers to Mars with cruise-ship-style amenities at an eventual fare of $100,000, Bloomberg reports. The Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techbriefing Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump makes picks for 3 top cabinet positions Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump Celeb reactions to the 2016 election results Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the... 4 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 5 Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions 6 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 7 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 8 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 9 Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump 10 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Boeing 'making progress' on airplane deal with Iran: CEO Reuters 10/4/2016 By Nick Carey © REUTERS/Jim Young The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago Aircraft maker Boeing Co (BA.N) is making progress on a deal to provide more than 100 commercial airplanes to Iran though none will be delivered in 2016, the company's top executive said on Tuesday. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 145.59 +0.26 +0.18% The deal is part of efforts to rebuild Iran's elderly fleet, an agreement included in a 2015 pact between Tehran and six world powers to lift most Western sanctions in exchange for limiting Iran's stockpiles of substances that could be used to make nuclear weapons. "We won't deliver any aircraft under that deal this year - these are deliveries that are a year, two, three downstream," Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Chicago on future technologies. "But it's significant opportunity for us and I'm pleased to see that we're making steady progress." Iran announced plans in January to buy 118 jets worth $27 billion at list prices from Europe's Airbus (AIR.PA) but has complained about unexpected delays in receiving U.S. licenses, which are needed due to the large number of U.S.-supplied parts. © REUTERS/Jim Young President, Chairman and CEO of The Boeing Company Dennis Muilenburg speaks at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago Boeing has also agreed to provide jets to Iran as it emerges from sanctions. Frustrated with the delays, an Iranian official told Reuters last month that the Airbus deal could be reduced by six airplanes and the Boeing deal could be clipped by one jet to 108 aircraft instead of 109. Muilenburg said Boeing is "in the final stages of working through the deal structure with our customers in Iran" while also working through the U.S. government licensing process. The CEO also said that the company's target to match airplane orders to deliveries this year "versus spreading those orders out over a couple of quarters is not a pressing business issue for us." (Reporting By Nick Carey; editing by Grant McCool) Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Wounded, hungry, determined to stay: life in the line of fire in Mosul Reuters ECB fears populist backlash after Trump's win: sources Reuters Fed must move systematically to raise rates, George says Reuters Dutch hope Indonesia will help solve mystery of missing WWII battleships Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Morning high of 69F with temps falling to near 50. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 36F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 8:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close associated press Boeing's Chicago headquarters.  Boeing CEO says company 'making progress' on airplane deal with Iran By Nick Carey • Reuters Oct 4, 2016 (…) associated press Boeing's Chicago headquarters.  CHICAGO • Aircraft maker Boeing Co. is making progress on a deal to provide more than 100 commercial airplanes to Iran though none will be delivered in 2016, the company's top executive said on Tuesday. The deal is part of efforts to rebuild Iran's elderly fleet, an agreement included in a 2015 pact between Tehran and six world powers to lift most Western sanctions in exchange for limiting Iran's stockpiles of substances that could be used to make nuclear weapons. "We won't deliver any aircraft under that deal this year — these are deliveries that are a year, two, three downstream," Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Chicago on future technologies. "But it's significant opportunity for us and I'm pleased to see that we're making steady progress." Iran announced plans in January to buy 118 jets worth $27 billion at list prices from Europe's Airbus but has complained about unexpected delays in receiving U.S. licenses, which are needed due to the large number of U.S.-supplied parts. Boeing has also agreed to provide jets to Iran as it emerges from sanctions. Frustrated with the delays, an Iranian official told Reuters last month that the Airbus deal could be reduced by six airplanes and the Boeing deal could be clipped by one jet to 108 aircraft instead of 109. See how St. Louis stocks are faring Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Muilenburg said Boeing is "in the final stages of working through the deal structure with our customers in Iran" while also working through the U.S. government licensing process. The CEO also said that the company's target to match airplane orders to deliveries this year "versus spreading those orders out over a couple of quarters is not a pressing business issue for us."  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank U.S. lawmakers oppose aircraft sales to Iran; Mo. senator says yank Boeing incentives Security concerns outweigh jobs, they say Tags Boeing Company View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Judge dismisses lawsuit that alleged Purina's Beneful sickened dogs U.S. stocks hardly move as energy rises, health care falls Centene awarded statewide Medicaid contract in Georgia Public pay: Government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Loft conversion planned for St. Louis factory building Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null

Rafale jets exceptional, IAF will like to have more: Raha By Describing the Rafale fighter jets as exceptional, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today said the force would like to have more of the aircraft and insisted that the recently signed contract for 36 fighters was better than other such deals. Buy HSIL; target of Rs 431: Arihant Capital - India's share in global herbal medicinal market is 0.5%: Govt News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Oct 04, 2016, 07.04 PM | Source: PTI Rafale jets 'exceptional', IAF will like to have more: Raha Describing the Rafale fighter jets as "exceptional", IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today said the force would like to have more of the aircraft and insisted that the recently signed contract for 36 fighters was better than other such deals. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Rafale jets exceptional, IAF will like to have more: Raha Describing the Rafale fighter jets as "exceptional", IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today said the force would like to have more of the aircraft and insisted that the recently signed contract for 36 fighters was better than other such deals. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Describing the Rafale fighter jets as "exceptional", IAF Chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today said the force would like to have more of the aircraft and insisted that the recently signed contract for 36 fighters was better than other such deals. He also spoke about "unsolicited offers" that India has received from Boeing, Saab and Lockheed Martin to manufacture fighter aircraft in India and said the company which offers the best deal will be selected. He said Saab's Gripen is a "good fighter" as compared to others like F-16 of Lockheed Martin but the decision will depend on many factors. "Any air force will be proud to have aircraft of the Rafale class which is in mid-weight category. In terms of its weapons capability, air-to-air missiles, beyond visual range, air-to-ground, its avionics, instrumentation and warfare suite, it is exceptional and one of the leading aircraft of the current generation," Raha said. Asked if 18 more aircraft would be procured, he said, "Well, we would like to have more. But it is a decision that will be taken in the near future." The 7.878 billion Euros (Rs 59,000 crore) deal for 36 Rafale fighter jets was signed on September 23. The new planes will give a big boost to IAF's defence and strike power. The most important aspect of the deal, apart from the fact that the Rafale is a 4.5 generation fighter jet, is the firepower that India is getting in the form of long-range and Beyond Visual Range (BVR) missiles. Rafale jets will come equipped with state-of-the-art missiles such as Meteor and Scalp. Meteor is a BVR air-to-air missile with a range in excess of 150km. "It is better in terms of price, performance-based logistics, missiles among others," he said on the Rafale deal in comparison to the MMRCA tender and deals signed by France with other countries in world. On the induction of light combat aircraft Tejas, he said it would be done in six squadrons, including the upgraded version. He said the next version called Tejas 'Mark-A' would come with better radar, weapons, avionics, and its production will start in 2021. Raha also said IAF would also be upgrading the Sukhoi 30 MKI fighter jets besides the Jaguar. On the integration of BrahMos missiles with the Sukhoi 30 MKI, Raha said, "We hope to fire a live missile in three months." The IAF chief, who heads the Chiefs of Staff Committee (CoSC), a body of the three service chiefs, said he hoped the government would resolve the issues of the 7th Pay Commission and that the forces have decided to implement it based on the government's assurances. Tags  PTI IAF Arup Raha aircraft Beyond Visual Range Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Rafale jets exceptional, IAF will like to have more: Raha See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? Leading BPO HGS is unfazed by Trump win, optimistic about growth Demonetisation: Pain to India's informal sector may be prolonged Delta Corp up 5% as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys shares Pharma wholesalers, distributors seek nod to accept old notes Rabi sowing: Wheat area up slightly; pulses acreage rises 6.5% Trade unions to meet FM tomorrow for pre-budget consultations Real estate market would revive after March: Hiranandani Banks to take one-day break from currency exchange on Saturday See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Wolfgang Schäuble sets out tough line on Brexit Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports China’s hairy crab scandal reveals depth of pollution crisis Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Japan’s Abe calls Trump ‘a leader I can trust’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump looks to close Washington’s revolving door Fed chief Yellen stands by central bank independence Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read US tech groups scramble with post-election soul-searching Trump supporters call for Pepsi boycott Apple offers cure for iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring ‘princelings’ UK regulator plans shake-up of fund sector Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump policy questions, Volkswagen slashes jobs and Britain’s metric martyrs Death of India’s big bank notes spells pain for gold and real estate US and EM investors take opposing bets on Trump’s presidency Wall Street eyes record levels as dollar hits 13-year highs The Trump trade is the dog that will bark and bark Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read India: Narendra Modi’s bonfire of the rupees Nigel Farage as envoy to Donald Trump: the go-between from hell Now Angela Merkel wears the west’s mantle Wall Street looks like a winner under Donald Trump The dangers of striking a grand bargain with Putin Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Google Home — a better virtual assistant Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover Robots muscle in on the job interview Review — ‘Working the phones’, by Jamie Woodcock Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier High stakes: Eli Lilly’s hunt for an Alzheimer’s drug Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds The feel-better guide to style Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: No hope of a quiet life in the age of disruption Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Airlineroute.net ViaAir adds new Charlotte routes in 4Q16 Condor adds Comiso service in S17 Transavia updates planned new routes in S17 Finnair W16 Leisure service additions Fiji Airways adds Taipei charters in 1Q17 View All Ethiopian Oct/Nov 2016 Paris / Brussels service changes Ethiopian Oct/Nov 2016 Paris / Brussels service changes Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 4 October 2016 05:00 Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @airlineroute 35,498 followers Ethiopian Airlines during the month of October and November 2016 is increasing capacity on Addis Ababa – Paris CDG – Brussels route, as the 5 weekly service sees Boeing 777-200LR operating, instead of Boeing 787-8. ET704 ADD2355 – 0620+1CDG0730+1 – 0835+1BRU 77L x27 ET705 BRU2000 – 2105CDG2215 – 0605+1ADD 77L x13 Selected dates in Oct/Nov 2016 will still see Boeing 787 operation. Register for Routes Europe 2017 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute.net newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations View View View Related Topics Brussels Airport Ethiopian Airlines Addis Ababa Africa Star Alliance Europe Summer 2016 Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport Related Stories Ethiopian increases Paris / Brussels flights from Dec 2016 Posted 24 October 2016 07:00 Ethiopian plans A350 London service from August 2016 Posted 25 July 2016 05:00 Ethiopian Airlines Madrid Intermediate Stop Changes from July 2016 Posted 21 June 2016 08:00 Ethiopian Airlines April – June 2016 London Operation Changes Posted 30 March 2016 11:45 Update as of 09MAR16: Ethiopian Airlines Frankfurt Aircraft Changes from July 2016 Posted 9 March 2016 04:30 Ethiopian Airlines Expands Madrid Service from July 2016 Posted 25 February 2016 06:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
' LM-Boeing Joint Venture EELV Program Gets $861M Mod | FOIA B-1 Naming Yields Both Serious & Silly | BAE Begin Work UK Submarines Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents LM-Boeing Joint Venture EELV Program Gets $861M Mod | FOIA on B-1 Naming Yields Both Serious & Silly | BAE to Begin Work on UK Submarines Oct 04, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas United Launch Services, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, has been awarded an $861 million modification to a previously awarded contract for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle capability for the Delta IV and Atlas V rockets. The USAF contract will run until September 20, 2017. Other work contained within the deal include mission assurance, program management, systems engineering, integration of the space vehicle with the launch vehicle, launch site and range operations, and launch infrastructure maintenance and sustainment. A freedom of information request diligently requested by Aviation Week has revealed some of the 2,100 would be names submitted as part of the B-1 naming competition. According to the request, “the responses ranged from historically informed to odd, witty and downright inappropriate, with airmen requesting the names Death Star, Meme Machine, Chuck Norris, Taxslayer and Mecca Wrecka.” Of course Nukey McMeltface (not dissimilar to DID’s own Stealthy McBombface suggestion) was just one of several McMonikers to be submitted, joining Stealthy McStealthface, Bombypants McGee and McLovin on the discarded pile. Middle East & North Africa Saudi Arabia is set to buy a further eight UH-60M Black Hawks in a $91 million US Army contract. The foreign military sale will see Sikorsky provide the medium-lift utility helicopters by December 2017. Back in February, Sikorsky and Saudi Arabian firm Taqnia Aeronautics began investigating the possibilities of producing Black Hawks in the kingdom as part of efforts to diversify their economy amid dropping oil prices. Denel Dynamics has moved closer to selling their Ingwe missile to Saudi Arabia following the signing of a memorandum of understanding with the Saudi ITEAC Group. The move will see both firms jointly market the South African’s ZT3 Ingwe anti-tank missile to the Saudi armed forces. Denel has been attempting to enter the Saudi defense market for some time, and any deal could likely see technology transfers as well as the setting up of local manufacturing facilities. Europe BAE Systems will commence work on the UK’s newest nuclear submarines following the release of nearly $1.7 billion in funds. The announcement was made by the Minister of Defence on Saturday after approval was given by MPs earlier this year. Known colloquially as the Trident system, the first of the Vanguard-class submarines will enter service in the early 2030s. A collaboration between Leonardo-Finmeccinca, Dassault Aviation and Airbus Defence has launched the European Medium Altitude Long Endurance Remotely Piloted Aircraft System program (RPAS). The project will facilitate the creation of new remotely piloted aircraft systems to support European intelligence-gathering missions, with all three companies to first conduct definition studies to support the program. In addition to intelligence gathering, the drones will be used for infrastructure surveillance, firefighting, border control, and disaster relief efforts. Asia Pacific A week after French and India’s defense ministers finalized their long awaited Rafale deal, manufacturer Dassault and India’s Reliance Group signed contracts in relation to the deal’s production offsets. As much as $4.51 billion, 50% of the total deal, will be reinvested in Indian firms as part of work share conditions attached to the sale of the 36 fighters. As the world’s largest defense importer, New Delhi’s “Make in India” initiative requires foreign defense companies to invest a percentage of the value of deals that they have been awarded into India to help the country build their own manufacturing base and wean them from imports. Lockheed Martin will provide combat systems for Australia’s new fleet of submarines. The move is said to increase interoperability with fellow Lockheed system-user the US Navy. French firm DCNS won the $38 billion Australian submarine contract back in April defeating Germany’s ThyssenKrupp Marine and Japan’s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Kawasaki Heavy Industries. Since then, the company has been dealing with the aftermath of a 22,000 page data leak of submarines they are building for India, drawing a warning from Australian defense officials. Today’s Video China’s Z-18 helicopter: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites US approves fighter jet sales to three Middle Eastern nations 3 October 2016 The US Government has reportedly approved the long-awaited sale of fighter jets to three Middle Eastern countries. Sources familiar to the matter were reported by DefenseNews as saying that the approval paves way for Kuwait, Qatar and Bahrain to receive fighter jets from Boeing and Lockheed Martin. As part of a deal worth approximately $4 billion, Qatar will receive 36 Boeing F-15s and Kuwait will receive 28 F/A-18E/F Super Hornets, along with options for 12 more aircraft. Lockheed will deliver 17 F-16 fighter jets to Bahrain, in addition to upgrading up to 20 additional aircraft. "These countries are buying equipment that is interoperable with our equipment, which gives us the opportunity to deal with crises as they occur." Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Bob Corker was quoted by DefenseNews as saying: "I'm glad where we've gotten to the point where the notification is coming to Congress. We've been pushing for it for some time. "In my opinion, our national interest is being served by pursuing these sales, and that always comes first, but a by-product of that is we are keeping production lines functioning in case we need to utilise those in the future. "These countries are buying equipment that is interoperable with our equipment, which gives us the opportunity to deal with crises as they occur.” The approval comes after US Senate voted in favour of a $1.15 billion military arms sale to another Middle Eastern nation, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Related Content Follow Us:   Related News Deals this week: Boeing, Technica, Raytheon The Boeing Company has secured a $478.79m-worth prime contract award from... New Zealand outlines plans to spend $20bn on military capabilities by 2030 New Zealand Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee has set out the government's... US approves $141m sale of LAIRCM system for South Korea’s A-330 MRTT The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of... RAAF welcomes its first P-8A Poseidon aircraft The Royal Australian Air Force’s (RAAF) first P-8A Poseidon aircraft... USAF airmen develop new solution for F-22 weapon's system issue A team of airmen from the US Air Force's (USAF) Tyndall Air Force Base... See all news Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Airlineroute.net ViaAir adds new Charlotte routes in 4Q16 Condor adds Comiso service in S17 Transavia updates planned new routes in S17 Finnair W16 Leisure service additions Fiji Airways adds Taipei charters in 1Q17 View All Norwegian files intra-Europe Boeing 787 schedule in S17 Norwegian files intra-Europe Boeing 787 schedule in S17 Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Posted 3 October 2016 03:30 Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @airlineroute 35,498 followers In last week’s schedule update Norwegian filed a number of intra-European services by the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner, mainly operating to/from Oslo for the summer 2017 season. Preliminary schedule filing is as follows, effective from 26 March 2017. Oslo – Barcelona DY1738 OSL0645 – 1005BCN 788 157 DY1739 BCN1215 – 1540OSL 788 157 Boeing 787-9 scheduled to operate this flight from 9 June 2017 to 30 July 2017. Reservations for this flight are not currently not available. Oslo – Nice DY1406 OSL1710 – 2005NCE 788 x23 DY1407 NCE2105 – 2355OSL 788 x23 Boeing 787-9 scheduled to operate this flight from 8 June 2017 to 29 July 2017. Reservations for Day 47, as well as Day 15 from 19 June 2017 to 28 July 2017 are available. Register for Routes Europe 2017 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Jim Liu Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute.net newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations View View View Related Topics Norwegian Oslo Airport Barcelona - El Prat Airport Europe Boeing 787 Aeroport Nice Cote d'Azur Summer 2017 Related Stories Norwegian S17 Boston aircraft changes Posted 26 September 2016 20:30 Norwegian launches Barcelona – US service from June 2017 Posted 7 September 2016 17:30 Norwegian files preliminary 787-9 Service expansion in S17 Posted 26 July 2016 10:30 Norwegian to Start Intra-Europe Boeing 787 Service from July 2013 Posted 5 June 2013 05:20 Aegean Airlines S17 Athens operation changes as of 19OCT16 Posted 19 October 2016 04:00 SAS adds new European routes in S17 Posted 11 October 2016 09:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Emirates reveals new A380 interior for ultra-long-haul routes Posted 16 November 2016 02:00 United Arab Emirates (UAE) carrier Emirates Airlines has confirmed it has adopted a new 516-seat configuration for future Airbus A380... Read more Lufthansa S17 European routes additions Posted 16 November 2016 17:15 Lufthansa today (16NOV16) announced a number of European routes additions for summer 2017 season, which will be gradually introduced in March and... Read more AerLingus adds new European destinations in S17 Posted 16 November 2016 06:00 AerLingus in summer 2017 season is adding two new European service from Dublin, including the offering of Porto in Portugal, and Split in Croatia.... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS WATCH LIVE: OEMC discusses winter-weather preparations... shortly Full Story Email ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Museum of Science and Industry takes flight in new exhibit Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1538986" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A new exhibit at Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry is all about learning to fly. (WLS) WLS By Frank Mathie Tuesday, October 04, 2016 CHICAGO (WLS) -- A new exhibit at Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry is all about learning to fly. The Boeing Corporation built their first airplane 100 years ago in 1916 and are still flying high. The museum's new exhibit, called "Above and Beyond," which opened Tuesday morning and runs through Jan. 8, 2017, begins with a one-quarter scale model of Boeing's first plane, a two-seater seaplane. From there, visitors travel through time and space to the modern era of flying, to the moon, and back and even beyond. "It's about what is next. When you think about aerospace you think about 100 years. We've gone from the horse and buggy, to manned flight, to exploration of the solar system and going up to the moon. Now we're talking about the next generation. What can we inspire in your youth?" said John Blazey, vice president of Boeing Global Corporate. First you have to learn how to fly. In the exhibit you actually fly like a bird because you are a bird. Just flap your arms and the computer puts you in the air with a flock of geese. There's no stairway to heaven but there is an elevator to outer space. It's a ride that makes the Willis Tower look like a bungalow, but hang in there and don't push the down button. If you have a mind for design, there's also the chance to create your own plane and fly it. "You design your fighter plane on the touch screen and then you can test your design when you're finished and put it up on the big screen and fly it through the course, land. How well you do on the course depends on how well you designed it," said Chaz Bickers of the MSI. Off you go into the wild blue yonder, flying high in your own fighter jet. Thank heavens it's just pretend. "Above and Beyond" is included in the museum admission price. Fly on down. Related Topics: entertainmentmuseum of science and industryaviationmuseum exhibitfrank mathieChicago - Hyde Park Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Kanye angers concert fans with rant about race and Trump Javy Baez, Aroldis Chapman present at Latin Grammys Happy Birthday, Mickey! Fun facts about everyone's favorite mouse Who is under the sheet? Viola Davis talks about the 'HTGAWM' big reveal Mickey and Minnie help kick off the Magnificent Mile Lights Festival More Arts & Entertainment Top Stories Warm and windy Friday before temperatures fall O'Hare Airport worker strike could snarl holiday travel Kanye angers concert fans with rant about race and Trump Tanker overturns on ramp from NB I-57 to WB I-80 Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Forte helps hand out free turkeys to South Side families CTA adds 'Elves' Workshop Train' to holiday fleet Show More Javy Baez, Aroldis Chapman present at Latin Grammys Chicago's Christmas tree to be lit Friday Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general Lawsuit claims police trade freedom for firearms Mother upset daughter bailed out of Cook County Jail More News Top Video Tanker overturns on ramp from NB I-57 to WB I-80 Warm and windy Friday before temperatures fall O'Hare Airport worker strike could snarl holiday travel Chicago's Christmas tree to be lit Friday More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aircraft Seating Market by Aircraft Type, Seat Class, Component, Fit and Region - Forecast to 2021 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 04, 2016, 18:04 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Oct. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- "Growing air traffic is the key factor impacting the growth dynamics of the global aircraft seating market" The global aircraft seating market is expected to grow from USD 8.74 billion in 2016 to USD 16.94 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 14.15% from 2016 to 2021. The market is mainly driven by factors such as the increasing air traffic, aircraft deliveries, and upgradation of aircraft programs. Similarly, factors such as the requirement of huge investments and a longer clearance period are the biggest restraints for this market. "The VLA segment of the global aircraft seating market is expected account for the largest share during the forecast period" The key segments considered in the aircraft type are NBA, WBA, VLA and RTA. The VLA is projected to account for the largest share during the forecast period, owing to the increasing demand for Boeing's 747-8 and Airbus' A380. The WBA segment accounted for the second largest share of the global aircraft seating market in 2016. "The seat actuator subsegment is expected to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period" The key subsegments of the aircraft seating component segment are seat actuators, foam & fittings and others. Among them, the seat actuator subsegment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as there is an increase in the requirement of actuators for advanced seat design. They are installed at the seat back, seat heads, seat rest, and so on with consideration for passenger comfort. The others segment accounted for the largest share of the global aircraft seating market, by component, in 2016. "North America led the global aircraft seating market, whereas the market in the Asia-Pacific region is projected to grow at the highest rate" In 2016, North America led the global aircraft seating market, and is expected to continue its dominance till 2021. North America has the maximum number of aircraft seat manufacturers. The aircraft seating market in the Asia-Pacific region is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Growth in air travel is the major reason behind the increased orders for aircraft, which is expected to boost the global aircraft seating market. Break-up of profile of primary participants for the global aircraft seating market. - By Company Type - Tier 1 – 35%, Tier 2 – 45%, and Tier 3 – 20% - By Designation – C level – 35%, Director level – 25%, Others – 40% - By Region – North America - 45%, Europe – 20%, Asia-Pacific – 30%, RoW – 5% Major companies profiled in the report include B/E Aerospace, Inc. (U.S.), Zodiac Aerospace (France), RECARO Aircraft Seating GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), and Geven S.p.A (Italy) among others. This research report categorizes the global aircraft seating market into the following segments and subsegments: On the basis of aircraft type (NBA, WBA, VLA, & RTA), on the basis of seat class (first class, business class, premium economy class and economy class), on the basis of component (seat actuators, foam & fittings, and others), and on the basis of fit (line-fit and retrofit), and maps these segments and subsegments across major regions worldwide, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, and Rest of the World. Reasons to buy this report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analyses—industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss the basic views on the competitive landscape; emerging and high-growth segments of the global aircraft seating market; high-growth regions; and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on galley equipment offered by the top players in the global aircraft seating market - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the global aircraft seating market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets – the report analyzes the markets for aircraft seating across regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the global aircraft seating market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, strategies, products, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players in the global aircraft seating market Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04194700-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com _________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircraft-seating-market-by-aircraft-type-seat-class-component-fit-and-region---forecast-to-2021-300339307.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 05:41 ETCaribbean Telecommunications Report Q4 2016 Nov 17, 2016, 21:00 ETElevators Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aircraft Seating Market by Aircraft Type, Seat Class, Component, Fit and Region - Forecast to 2021 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 04, 2016, 18:04 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Mutual Fund Snapshot 5 Stock Picks from a Fund Manager Who Has Outperformed 99% of His Peers Hennessy Focus’s David Rainey has outperformed 99% of his mid-cap growth peers in the past five years. By Crystal Kim Biography April 14, 2016 David Rainey is extremely discriminating about what stocks he will buy. But when he finally spies opportunity he loads up. This combination of patience and boldness has helped the $2.3 billion Hennessy Focus fund trounce the market on a historical basis. Hennessy Focus (ticker: HFCSX) has returned 13% annually over the past five years, beating the S&P 500 and 99% of mid-cap growth peers. Over the past 15 years, the fund has returned 14% annually, more than double the S&P 500 index. With annual turnover of just 4%... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Uber’s Challenge…Replacing Rental Cars Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Eddie Lampert’s Big Bet On Sears Hometown Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Teva Takes a Tumble Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump Puts America First; Small Stocks Can Win Big Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Donald Trump a Closet Democrat? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 How to Get the Best Financial Advice 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Fitbit and More 3 Amazon Gains Ground on Flipkart in India Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Trump effect on Calif. vote? 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/technology/article/Implication-of-sabotage-adds-intrigue-to-SpaceX-9682760.php Implication of sabotage adds intrigue to SpaceX inquiry Christian Davenport, The Washington Post Updated 10:48 am, Tuesday, October 4, 2016 More than a day after Falcon 9 rocket explosion badly damaged SpaceX's Florida launch pad at Cape Canaveral, The company says it can continue launching vehicles now, from its two other launch sites - one in California and another one in Cape Canaveral. The cause of the mishap isn't known yet. Media: Wibbitz The long-running feud between Elon Musk's space company and its fierce competitor United Launch Alliance took a bizarre twist this month when a SpaceX employee visited its facilities at Cape Canaveral, Florida, and asked for access to the roof of one of ULA's buildings. About two weeks earlier, one of SpaceX's rockets blew up on a launchpad while it was awaiting an engine test. As part of the investigation, SpaceX officials had come across something suspicious they wanted to check out, according to three industry officials with knowledge of the episode. SpaceX had still images from video that appeared to show an odd shadow, then a white spot on the roof of a nearby building belonging to ULA, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing. The SpaceX representative explained to the ULA officials on site that it was trying to run down all possible leads in what was a cordial, not accusatory, encounter, according to the industry sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation. The building, which had been used to refurbish rocket motors known as the SMARF, is just more than a mile away from the launchpad and has a clear line of sight to it. A representative from ULA ultimately denied the SpaceX employee access to the roof and instead called Air Force investigators, who inspected the roof and didn't find anything connecting it to the rocket explosion, the officials said. Photo: Business Insider Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 SpaceX was scheduled to do a static test-fire of a 229-foot-tall Falcon 9 rocket with no crew aboard it on Thursday morning, when it exploded shortly after 9 a.m. EDT on Thursday, Sept. 1, 2016. SpaceX was scheduled to do a static test-fire of a 229-foot-tall Falcon 9 rocket with no crew aboard it on Thursday morning, when it exploded shortly after 9 a.m. EDT on Thursday, Sept. 1, 2016. Photo: Business Insider Image 2 of 2 An image from a webcam from NASA’S Kennedy Space Center shortly after the explosion at the SpaceX launch site Thursday morning shows the billowing smoke. Personnel were monitoring the air for any toxic fumes, but the Air Force stressed there was no threat to public safety in the surrounding communities. less An image from a webcam from NASA’S Kennedy Space Center shortly after the explosion at the SpaceX launch site Thursday morning shows the billowing smoke. Personnel were monitoring the air for any toxic fumes, ... more Photo: NASA Implication of sabotage adds intrigue to SpaceX inquiry 1 / 2 Back to Gallery The interaction between SpaceX and ULA has not been previously reported. It is the latest odd development in the mystery surrounding the explosion of SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket on Sept. 1. The rocket blew up while it was being fueled ahead of an engine test fire, creating a huge fireball that charred the launchpad and rattled buildings miles away. Elon Musk, SpaceX's founder and chief executive, has called the failure "the most difficult and complex" the company has ever had. About a week after the explosion, he pleaded with the public to turn in video or audio recordings of the blast and said that the company has not ruled out sabotage as a factor. Related Stories Lawmakers say SpaceX rocket explosion investigation should not be 'politicized' "Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off," he wrote on Twitter. "May come from rocket or something else." Since then, SpaceX, which is leading the investigation with help from the Air Force, NASA and the Federal Aviation Administration, said it is narrowing down on the cause of the explosion, focusing on a breach in a second-stage helium system. At a conference in Mexico this week, Musk said that finding out what went wrong is the company's "absolute top priority," but he said what caused the explosion is still unknown. "We've eliminated all of the obvious possibilities for what occurred there," he said. "So what remains are the less probable answers." He didn't say what those might be. The Air Force's 45th Space Wing, which is helping SpaceX with the investigation, declined to comment because the investigation is ongoing. A SpaceX statement said that the "Accident Investigation Team has an obligation to consider all possible causes of the anomaly, and we aren't commenting on any specific potential cause until the investigation is complete." SpaceX and ULA are heated rivals that are competing over national security contracts that together are worth hundreds of millions of dollars. For nearly a decade, ULA had a monopoly on those contracts as the only launch provider certified by the Air Force. But in 2014, SpaceX sued the Air Force for the right to compete. Last year, the parties settled and SpaceX was finally granted its certification. As a result, ULA fired its chief executive and hired a new one who vowed to compete with SpaceX. This week, 10 Republican House members, many friendly to ULA, told NASA that SpaceX should not be leading the investigation and that authority should be turned over to the federal government. Even though the investigation continues, SpaceX has said it intends to return to flight as soon as November, a timeline that has drawn industry skepticism.   Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump makes picks for 3 top cabinet positions Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump Celeb reactions to the 2016 election results Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the... 4 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 5 Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions 6 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 7 Kanye West says if he'd voted, he would've voted for Trump 8 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 9 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 10 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... Latest News 4 found unconscious at Orange County night club Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Air Force now investigating sabotage claims around Elon Musk's SpaceX explosion  SpaceX employee visited competitor ULA and asked for access to the roof The employee was denied access and ULA instead called in the Air Force  Air Force investigators did not find anything related to the explosion  The ULA building is just a little more than a mile away from the launch site   Elon Musk's company, SpaceX, has not ruled out sabotage in investigation  By Cheyenne Macdonald and Valerie Edwards For Dailymail.com Published: 12:50 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 12:50 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail 113 shares 3 View comments As new mysteries continue to emerge surrounding the dramatic explosion of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket last month, numerous aviation giants have been pulled into the investigation – including the US Air Force. The Air Force was called upon two weeks after the blast to inspect the roof of a building belonging to the firm’s competitor United Launch Alliance (ULA) at its facilities in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The move came after a SpaceX employee reportedly visited the facility and requested access, according to The Washington Post. ULA’s building is just over a mile away from the site where SpaceX’s rocket blew up on the launch pad on September 1, destroying Facebook’s $200 million satellite. Scroll down for video  On September 1, SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket (pictured) exploded as it was being fueled for a routine pre-launch test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Earlier this month, a SpaceX employee was visited the company's competitor United Launch Alliance SATELLITE FIRM CLAIMING DAMAGES FROM SPACEX   The Israeli owners of the destroyed AMOS-6 satellite have reportedly been hard hit by the loss. In a press conference last month, Spacecom said it could seek $50m from SpaceX following the explosion on the launch pad last week. AMOS-6 was supposed to provide home internet for Africa and the Middle East.  In addition, Facebook had signed a deal with Eutelsat to lease broadband capacity from the satellite as part of its efforts to increase internet connectivity across the African continent. There has been intense speculation that an object hit the ill-fated Falcon 9 rocket during fueling. Now, it has been revealed that SpaceX has obtained still images from video that appeared to show an odd shadow, followed by a white spot on the roof of a nearby ULA building, the Post reports. A SpaceX employee was denied access to the roof upon a recent visit to the facility, and ULA instead called Air Force investigators. But, after their inspection, nothing was found in connection to the explosion. ‘ULA cooperated with the Air Force’s 45th Space Wing, and nothing associated with the SpaceX accident was found,’ a ULA representative told CNBC. ULA is a joint project between Lockheed Martin and Boeing and is in heated competition with SpaceX over national security contracts that together are worth hundreds of millions of dollars, according to the Post. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next From VR-controlled droids to cyborg cheerleaders: Robots... Forget the iPhone, Google unveils the AI Phone: Pixel... AI trained to slay players in a computer game could one day... Prepare for 'Google Magic': Verizon leaks more images of the... Share this article Share 113 shares It was reported last week that the explosion may have been caused by a large breach in the rocket's helium cooling system. A preliminary investigation by SpaceX has found the hole in the cryogenic system, which cools the upper oxygen tank of the rocket, occurred just moments before the explosion and appears to have triggered a catastrophic chain of events. Exactly what caused the breach is still a mystery, the company has said. The SpaceX employee reportedly asked for access to the roof of one of ULA's buildings, which is a little more than a mile away from where SpaceX's rocket launched. The explosion destroyed the rocket and the satellite it was carrying (pictured) A source familiar with the incident reported to the Post that the SpaceX employee told ULA officials that the company was trying to run down all possible leads and that they aren't trying to accuse ULA of anything. Just over a week after the explosion, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk took to Twitter seeking ‘support and advice’ as the investigation continues, calling the event ‘the most difficult and complex failure’ the firm has ever had. And addressing claims that a mysterious object may have hit the rocket, Musk said they ‘have not ruled that out.’ Musk also wrote on Twitter that he was 'particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off'. Elon Musk took to Twitter on September 9 seeking ‘support and advice’ as the investigation continues. SpaceX wrote a similar message on its Twitter account as well, which was retweeted by the billionaire SpaceX CEO SpaceX's founder and CEO, Elon Musk (pictured), called the failure 'the most difficult and complex' the company has ever had 'May come from rocket or something else,' he added. Earlier this week, Musk said that finding out what went wrong is the company's 'absolute top priority'. 'We've eliminated all of the obvious possibilities for what occurred there,' he said. SpaceX is leading the investigation with help from the Air Force, NASA and the Federal Aviation Administration. Despite the investigation, SpaceX has said it intends to return to flight as soon as November.  SpaceX's launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida was destroyed (pictured) by the explosion. It has been revealed that SpaceX had still images from video that appeared to show an odd shadow, then a white spot on the roof of a nearby building belonging to ULA ULA (file photo) denied the access to the SpaceX employee and called Air Force investigators, who inspected the roof and didn't find anything connecting it to the rocket explosion. But SpaceX has said they have not ruled out sabotage  Read more: Implication of sabotage adds intrigue to SpaceX investigation - The Washington Post Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion Share or comment on this article e-mail 113 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards... The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on... Boobs or breasts? Translators reveal the challenges of translating the Marquis de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom Do YOU have bad hair genes? Scientists discover the three mutations that can cause 'uncombable hair... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Controversial surgeon behind world's first human HEAD transplant reveals virtual reality system to help... Move over Lewis! Self-driving Roborace car makes its street track debut in Marrakech The spacesuit we could wear on MARS: Radical design can be patched up on the go using 3D printed parts The 'fog catchers' in the Sahara that can make water out of THIN AIR for hundreds of people Are these the oldest dentures in Europe? Gruesome 14th century device was made from the teeth of dead humans What really happened to the astronaut who 'warned Earth of aliens'? French doctor reveals she did NOT see... Around the world in virtual reality: Google Earth VR will fly you to ANY destination from the comfort of... 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who... Two Chinese astronauts return from the nation's longest manned space mission yet: Month-long stay could pave... MORE HEADLINES Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed Mayan 'nesting doll' pyramid is found in Mexico: 32ft-tall mystery structure is the SECOND to be uncovered inside the Temple of Kukulcan - and there could be more The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on record Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy Do YOU have bad hair genes? Scientists discover the three mutations that can cause 'uncombable hair syndrome' Welcome to Ben Hur's shopping mall: Scientists uncover launderettes, bars, brothels and betting shops at scene of famous Roman chariot race EXCLUSIVE: Just in time! Lecturer, 51, claims that Apple Watch saved his life by alerting him to undiagnosed heart condition The stunning spherical image that shows a solar eclipse as you've never seen it before Can YOU outsmart Google's AI? Interactive drawing game tries to guess what you're doodling in 20 seconds The almost perfectly spherical star: Astronomers say strange find 5,000 light years from Earth is 'roundest natural object ever measured' Boobs or breasts? Translators reveal the challenges of translating the Marquis de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom The elusive spider that looks just like a LEAF: Arachnid lurks in trees and has remained hidden for years Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards Earth Is this the world's YOUNGEST mummy? Scans of what was thought to be a 2,300-year-old hawk reveal it to be a miscarried baby MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank' - but once you leave you lose everything 235 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channels Security Executives Dealers Integrators Video Surveillance Access & Identity Intrusion/ Perimeter Alarms & Monitoring Buyer's Guide Go Menu Channels Security Executives Dealers Integrators Video Surveillance Access & Identity Intrusion/Perimeter Alarms & Monitoring Buyer's Guide Additional Resources Forums Government Critical Infrastructure Retail Education Healthcare IT/Networking Security Technology Executive Security Dealer & Integrator Events Multimedia Whitepapers Webinars ASIS ISC West SD&I FAST50 Innovation Awards User Log Out Register Log In Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Tools Contact Us Advertise Security Executives NGSL Forum: Influencing Change for Nimble Global Risk Mitigation Source: Security Executive Council Oct 4, 2016 The Next Generation Security Leader™ (NGSL) event is coming to MITRE Corporation campuses in Bedford, MA and McLean, VA on November 9-10, 2016. Vetted practitioners and proven practice solution leaders may attend either in person, or remotely by telephone. This event will feature panels, research, and work groups sessions led by security’s most influential proven practice leaders. Request more information | Share | Share | Share | Share The Next Generation Security Leader™ (NGSL) event is coming to MITRE Corporation campuses in Bedford, MA and McLean, VA on November 9-10, 2016. Vetted practitioners and proven practice solution leaders may attend either in person, or remotely by telephone. This event will feature panels, research, and work groups sessions led by security’s most influential proven practice leaders.  Work group activities and benchmark polling will be designed by the Security Leadership Research Institute (SLRI), The Coles School of Business (Kennesaw State) and the Darla Moore International School of Business Faculty (University of South Carolina). Collective Knowledge resources for those participating include session decks, research (including SEC Security State of the Industry reports) and other publications. Certificates of completion and forum summary findings are included as well as an endorsement for up to nine hours of continuing education credits.  Prospective in-person attendees are encouraged to register early to participate due to limited seating. Team participation discounts are also available for 3 or more.  Agenda: Day 1, U.S. Eastern Standard Time - November 9, 2016 Locations: MITRE Bedford, MA and MITRE McLean, VA  7:30 - 8:15 AM – Registration and Continental Networking Breakfast  8:15 - 9:00 AM – Welcome Next Generation Leaders Orientation Participant introductions, schedule and Chatham House rules. SEC Emeritus Faculty, Dean Correia, Francis D’Addario (formerly Wal-Mart Canada and Starbucks Coffee, respectively) with Joel Jacobs, Vice President and Chief Information Officer, MITRE.  9:00 - 9:30 AM - Influencing Community, Corporate, and National Security Resilience Tom Mahlik, Corporate Director of Global Security Services introduces Mr. Alfred Grasso President and CEO, MITRE Corporation – Mr. Grasso will summarize his thoughts influencing our institutional national and global security conversations.  9:30 - 11:00 AM - Next Generation Cyber Threats and Solution Considerations Subject Matter Expert Faculty Professor Herb Mattord (Associate Professor, Kennesaw State University) will facilitate a panel of practitioners from MITRE and Boeing for a State of the Industry Cyber brief for evolving risks, threats and vulnerabilities; as well as potential mitigation solutions. Next Generation Leaders will glean proven practices that will inform their developing protection-in-depth brand strategy. Timely research and trend collateral included.  11:00 - 11:15 AM - Networking Break  11:15 AM - 12:45 PM - Work Group Session I: Information and Physical Security - Convergence or Cross-functional collaboration? Off-network conversational work and survey sessions guided by SEC Emeritus Faculty, SLRI staff and our partners at the Darla Moore School of Business will feature a maturity self-assessment – Details to be briefed pre-event. FFRDC, MITRE and other SEC Community physical and information security subject matter experts will participate with faculty and staff leads to detail or map dependencies and interdependencies of successful people and asset protection convergence and/or collaboration.  12:45 - 1:30 PM - Networking Lunch(es) Locations TBD  1:30 - 2:45 PM – Assessing All-hazards Risk Mitigation Capacity for Organizations of the Future SEC SME Faculty (formerly Amazon and Starbucks) and Tom Mahlik will lead an executive panel with MD Anderson Cancer Center, MITRE and selected others on their efforts to discern and framework people, protocol and technology readiness, resources and value. Participants will be introduced to Internal Value Analysis (IVA) methodologies and cross-functional governance consideration  2:45 - 3:00 PM – Networking Break  3:00 - 4:30 PM – Work Group Session II: What are your Service Model Considerations for Forward-looking Protection-in-depth? Off-network conversational work and survey sessions guided by SEC Emeritus Faculty, SLRI staff and our partners at the Darla Moore School of Business will feature Security Organizational Change self-assessment – details to be briefed pre-event. Attendees will participate with faculty and staff leads in in operational excellence continuum considerations for measurable contribution and performance.  4:30 – 5:00 PM – Wrap-up Day 1 and Day 2 AM Work Group Assignments  6:00 - 8:00 PM – MITRE Networking Reception(s) Bedford, MA and McLean, VA  Agenda: Day 2, U.S. Eastern Standard Time - November 10, 2016 Locations: MITRE Bedford, MA and MITRE McLean, VA  8:30 - 10:00 AM - Critical Incident Management – Top down or bottom up? Dean Correia and Francis D’Addario will lead Boeing Company, Delta Air Lines, Red Hat and selected others for Next generation discussion of critical incident epiphanies, misses, near misses and after-actions that enabled them to improve processes for brand protection resilience.  10:15 – 10:30 AM - Networking Break  10:30 AM - 12:00 PM - Insider Threat Revisited – Innovations, Proven Practices, and Brand Expectations Bob Hayes, Managing SEC Director (formerly Georgia Pacific and 3M), will facilitate an executive panel including American Airlines, Boeing Company, Capital One, Delta Air Lines, MD Anderson Cancer Center, and selected others. Next generation leaders will learn the importance of aligning Insider programming with organizational risk taxonomy priorities.  12:00 PM - 1:00 PM - Box lunch served.  1:00 PM - 2:00 PM - Evaluation Requirements, White Paper and Certificate of Completion Distribution Details – Preview of Boeing Company GSOC NGSL (Q2, 2017 TBD) Crystal City VA, Mesa AZ and Seattle, WA)  2:15 – 4:00 PM - MITRE GSOC Tour and Best Practice Meeting - for Security Executive Council GSOC Working Group Members Only  Cost In-person - $295 – SEC community to include FFRDC invitees (SEC Tier 1 Leaders™ and SEC Best Practices group members)  $395 – non-SEC community  By telephone - $195 - SEC community to include FFRDC invitees (SEC Tier 1 Leaders™ and SEC Best Practices group members)  $295 – non-SEC community  Register REGISTER HERE Contact us if you have any questions. Space is limited and certain qualifications apply.  Please view the attached document below for relevant hotel suggestions.  Learn More Frequently Asked Questions About NGSL  Previous NGSL February 2016 Continue Reading   Security Executives Security Executives NGSL Forum: Influencing Change for Nimble Global Risk Mitigation Government All eyes on Minnesota federal judge before sentencing in nation's biggest ISIL recruitment case IT/Networking Yahoo admits knowing about hack long before disclosing it Critical Infrastructure Metro staff recommends switching to LAPD for transit patrols in L.A. Retail No injuries reported in shooting at N.Y. mall Security Executives As post-election heat turns up, so do U.S. armored car sales Critical Infrastructure Expansion of TSA PreCheck program suffers setback Critical Infrastructure Inside the NERC-CIP-014 Standard Integrators People Power: How to Manage a Protected Employee IT/Networking Michigan approves tougher penalties for tampering with autonomous vehicles Education Georgia Supreme Court blocks effort to allow guns on school property Loading Security Executives Dealers Integrators Video Surveillance Access & Identity Intrusion/ Perimeter Alarms & Monitoring Buyer's Guide Log Out Register Log In Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Advertise Sitemap  
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News Home » India Special team for Rafale readies ground work, to visit FranceChethan Kumar | TNN | Updated: Oct 4, 2016, 09.39 PM IST (AFP photo) BENGALURU: Indian Air Force's (IAF) elite test pilots are preparing the groundwork for constituting a project management team that will soon travel to France and work with Dassault in customising the aircraft for India's operational needs. India signed a Rs 60,000 crore deal with Dassault to procure 36 fighters under the medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA) programme recently. The team will be constituted at the Aircraft & Systems Testing Establishment (ASTE) headquartered in Bengaluru, its commandant Air Vice Marshal Sandeep Singh confirmed to TOI. It was ASTE which did the field trials for all six contenders—Lockheed Martin's F-16; Boeing's F/A-18 E/F; European Eurofighter Typhoon; the Swedish Gripen; the French Dassault's Rafale and the Russian Mig-35. Out of the six contenders only the Eurofighter Typhoon and Rafale met all the 750 quality requirements, including weapon systems. ASTE clarified that they do not compare aircraft and that only clear them based on requirement and that the decision of picking one is made at a higher level. Singh, explained that the team, once constituted will have pilots, engineers and air crew. "The size of the team will vary. For the Su-30MKI for example, we had a 10 member team," he said. Given that the ASTE has already flown Rafale, a smaller team will be going to France. The advantage that this will give the IAF is that it will bring back a known platform, which its pilots understand. SU30-Brahmos integration soon Further, Singh said that the Su30-MKI and air-launched cruise missile Brahmos will happen soon with the firing of the actual missile. "Advanced trials are ongoing as we speak. We've already completed a dummy drop and the next drop will be the actual missile," he said. The integration will enable IAF to strike targets 300km away and the aircraft had to be modified to accommodate this missile. The IAF's initial requirement is for two Su-30 MKIs with BrahMos but it eventually wishes to integrate 216 missiles on 42 Sukhois. The project was conceived in July-August 2012 and as TOI had reported late in 2015, some quality certification issues has delayed the integration, which was to be complete by the end of 2015. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular 'Acting on terror': Pak envoy lies to US despite Hafiz Saeed's rallies Tendulkar would hit 100 and then shop, reveals Ganguly India strikes back, carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads at LoC It is not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes: Anna to Kejriwal Social activist Anna Hazare expressed disagreement with his one-time protege and Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, saying it is not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes by the army on terror camps in PoK. People of different communities dance to the tune of Garba Happiness can well be seen at this Garba class. People of different nationalities and communities participated at this feisty class. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7Rafale dealRafaleProject Managementindia-france dealAir India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Militants fire at police station in Kashmir President Pranab Mukherjee presents Sangeet Natak Akademi awards PM Modi to celebrate Dussehra in Lucknow Nitish Kumar elected unopposed as JD(U) national president for second time Sitaram Yechury writes to PM Modi to reject proposal to create 'bad bank' IAF chief Arup Raha says situation 'live' after surgical strikes, ready for any challenge Anna Hazare slams Kejriwal, says 'not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes' A week after Army's surgical strikes, political leaders exchange Twitter fire UK announces crackdown on immigration, decision to hit Indians 1Special team for Rafale readies ground work, to visit France 2Militants fire at police station in Kashmir 3President Pranab Mukherjee presents Sangeet Natak Akademi awards 4PM Modi to celebrate Dussehra in Lucknow 5Nitish Kumar elected unopposed as JD(U) national president for second time 6Sitaram Yechury writes to PM Modi to reject proposal to create 'bad bank' 7IAF chief Arup Raha says situation 'live' after surgical strikes, ready for any challenge 8Anna Hazare slams Kejriwal, says 'not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes' 9A week after Army's surgical strikes, political leaders exchange Twitter fire 10UK announces crackdown on immigration, decision to hit Indians About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack Indore Test Match Google Pixel Launch US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Cauvery Water Dispute Breaking News Dussehra 2016 Jayalalitha Health Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airline Low-Carbon Future Needs Fuel Nobody Makes in Volume Joe Ryan JoeRyanNews October 3, 2016 — 7:00 PM EDT Updated on October 4, 2016 — 10:05 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp JetBLue among airlines testing fuel made from corn, garbage ‘We just don’t have any alternative,’ Boeing executive says Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The airline industry’s plan to ease its impact on global warming hinges on fuels made from vegetable oil, corn and household garbage. The hitch: nobody has ever been able to produce the stuff in the volumes needed. JetBlue Airways Corp., United Continental Holdings Inc. and Richard Branson’s Virgin Group Ltd. have begun blending eco-friendly substitutes into traditional jet fuel made from kerosene. Even with that backing, there’s still only a handful of producers of the fuels. They lack the capacity to crank out the billions of gallons needed to supply the global aviation fleet, and the pace of investment is slowing. Even so, airlines are staking their low-carbon future on renewable fuels. The aviation industry, responsible for more than 2 percent of greenhouse gases, is being pushed to act this week by delegates from 190 nations, who are debating a United Nations accord in Montreal that would cap emissions from international flights. Ultimately, that means burning less fossil fuel. With electric planes still experimental, airlines and aerospace companies say biofuels are their best bet. “There is a tremendous amount of determination to make biofuel work because we just don’t have any alternative,” Julie Felgar, Boeing Co.’s managing director of environmental strategy and integration, said in an interview. The biofuel industry currently has enough factories to produce as much as 100 million gallons (378 million liters) of jet fuel annually, said Claire Curry, an analyst at Bloomberg New Energy Finance. That barely registers next to the more than 83 billion gallons airlines consume each year.  Investments in biofuel, meanwhile, are at a record low, with $322 million in backing globally during the first six months of 2016, according to BNEF. That’s off 64 percent from the first half of 2015 and down 98 percent from a decade ago, when ethanol production for automobiles took off. “This is still a pipe dream,” Curry said. “No one has figured out how to make these fuels at scale yet. The technologies are really complicated. They often don’t work. And the plants can cost half a billion dollars to build.” Advocates for renewable jet fuel say the industry will develop after the UN accord takes effect and drives up demand, just as ethanol production boomed in the U.S. after lawmakers passed the Renewable Fuel Standard in 2005. Patrick Gruber, chief executive officer of Gevo Inc., said its jet fuel works, and scaling up is “cookie cutting.” “We know how to do this,” Gruber said. “We just have to make more production lines.” His company is based in Englewood, Colorado, and makes renewable fuel from corn and other crops. It’s backed by the French oil company Total SA and has sales agreements with Alaska Air Group Inc. and Deutsche Lufthansa AG. Yet it’s not always easy to scale up biofuel manufacturing, a complex process involving tiny microbes. In 2012, a contamination problem temporarily derailed Gevo’s efforts to increase output of its primary jet fuel ingredient, isobutanol, at its refinery in Luverne, Minnesota. Gruber said the issues are “well behind us.” Major oil companies have also struggled to develop cost-effective transportation biofuels. “The smartest minds in my company and others haven’t yet cracked the code on pairing the right feedstock conversion technology and logistics in an economic and scalable package,” Chevron Corp. CEO John Watson said in a 2014 speech. The aviation industry supports the pending UN accord and has set ambitious environmental goals of its own. Those include improving average fuel efficiency by 1.5 percent a year through 2020 and reducing emissions to half of 2005 levels by 2050. Jet fuel is among airlines’ biggest expenses, and squeezing every last mile from a gallon is crucial to the bottom line. ‘Creating Demand’ “Airlines are stepping up and creating demand,’’ Sophia Mendelsohn, JetBlue’s head of sustainability, said in an interview. “It is hard for me to envision a long-term situation where the biofuel industry does not mature and develop.’’ Airlines began testing biofuels in 2008 and have since used them on more than 1,500 passenger flights. JetBlue agreed in September to buy more than 33 million gallons of blended fuel annually, using renewable fuel from S.G. Preston Co. In March, United Continental announced a three-year deal to buy 15 million gallons of biofuel from AltAir Paramount for flights out of Los Angeles. Not all deals have worked out. In 2014, British Airways Plc announced a $550 million agreement with Solena Fuels for a factory in London to convert municipal trash into jet fuel beginning in 2017. The airline agreed to buy about 30 millions gallons a year at market price. At the time, oil was $109 a barrel. Within a year, it was below $50 a barrel, and Solena dropped the project. “We couldn’t compete with oil that cheap,” Solena CEO Robert Do said in an interview. The products offered by Solena, Gevo and others are almost chemically identical to kerosene. They’re considered renewable because their carbon comes from plants that can be re-grown to refresh supplies. Fuels made from petroleum, by contrast, are exhausted when they are burned, releasing carbon into the air. Environmental Concerns Still, environmental concerns remain. It takes energy to produce biofuel, and emissions from that process may offset gains from using less fossil fuels in the sky. As the industry expands, advocates worry that growing corn and sugar cane for airlines will affect forests, food supplies and water. “All of these issues need to be monitored and taken into account,” said James Beard, who focuses on energy and climate at the  World Wildlife Fund. Airlines aren’t depending on biofuels alone to cut emissions. They’re also working on more aerodynamic planes, cutting cargo weight, improving air-traffic control procedures and enlisting other technological and operations measures. But in the end, they will also need to wean themselves off petroleum-based fuel. “You can only push fuel efficiency so far,” said Nancy Young, vice president of environmental affairs for the trade group Airlines for America. “It is a matter of physics.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Airline Industry Oil Aviation United Continental Holdings Inc Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas Where Are All the Startups? By Caroline Houck Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One Read bio October 3, 2016 Topics Industry AUSA AA Font size + Print There are more than 600 exhibitors at this year's annual meeting of the Association of the United States Army. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Caroline Houck Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One Read bio October 3, 2016 Pentagon leaders regularly tout Silicon Valley innovation, but entrepreneurs seem largely absent from the largest defense industry events. Wander the exhibit floors of the military’s largest conferences this fall, and you’ll see everything from ground combat vehicles to veteran-trained service dogs, from bit players hawking flooring for overseas installations to industry giants showing off futuristic ideas. One thing you won’t see much of, if at all? Startups. Pentagon leaders regularly laud Silicon Valley-esque companies and have repeatedly said that harnessing entrepreneurs’ innovative ideas is crucial to the U.S. military’s qualitative edge. Just this month, Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon will be opening a third Defense Innovation Unit Experimental facility in Austin. But that praise—and a planned $65 million in investments funneled through DIUx—have yet to translate to booths on the ground. At the Air Force Association’s annual Air, Space and Cyber conference last month, for example, none of the 120-plus exhibitors were what might conventionally be called a startup. “Why would you expect to see a millennial at the opera?” said Air Force Gen. Ellen Pawlikowski, who leads Air Force Materiel Command. “By that I mean, the forum that’s here for AFA, a booth concept, is not the environment that the entrepreneurial community they engage with is one that they come to. It’s not of interest to them.” Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. A smattering of small businesses That’s not to say that there aren’t small businesses at AFA and the other large conferences, tucked amid the sprawling exhibits from the likes of Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman. This week’s Association of the United States Army conference has a program, now in its fourth year, that grants small businesses a membership-free trial exhibit at the show, AUSA Industry Affairs Director Michael Scanlan said. This year, the program accounts for more than 80 of AUSA’s 600-plus exhibitors. It doesn’t specifically target startups, because “that’s not how I look at the market,” Scanlan said. What matters is the company’s interest in working with the defense industry, not its age, growth plans, or a self-designation as a startup, he said. “We’ve had a steady stream of interest from smaller, more nimble companies,” Scanlan said. “We try to provide the Army with an opportunity to talk to small businesses and learn from them.” But even though small businesses generate innovative ideas and can share characteristics with startups, the two are not synonymous, the Air Force’s Pawlikowski said. It’s the younger, entrepreneurial startups that are even less likely to be found at traditional industry conferences. Only a handful of the companies in AUSA’s three small business pavilions, for example, were created in the last decade. Hurdles to participating Part of it’s a financial calculation. Larger defense contractors can easily account for the time and resources it takes to develop and man a sufficiently impressive booth for a three-day show, said Andrew Borene, a management consultant with executive experience both at IBM and a microrobotics startup. That becomes a difficult calculus for small, cash-strapped startups. “When you’re talking about those massive-scale shows, they’re long shows, sometimes three or more days,” Borene said. “If you’re a lean startup, you’re not only paying for booth space, you’re taking sellers out of the field for that time. There are small businesses, but they’re generally across that five-year operating hump, they’re not really quite a startup business. Typically they’re there because they have enough operating capacity and stabilized capital.” Then there’s the cost of the space itself. A 10-by-10-foot plot, the smallest stand offered at both AUSA and AFA’s conferences, runs about $5,000—before membership dues to either organization. Though it’s not significantly more than the thousands it costs to exhibit at a few of the biggest tech conferences or innovation-focused events like SXSW, it’s orders of magnitude greater than the fees for a number of startup-oriented conferences. Companies have to decide to invest that capital relatively far in advance as well. A week after AFA’s conference wrapped up, they had already sold 83 percent of the floor space available next year, according to an official. Medium-term prospects like that, as well as the longer-term investments in industry association memberships, aren’t always possible for small businesses and startups, Scanlan said. “It’s challenging for a small business,” he said. “Their business cycles move so fast.” And purchasing booth space a year in advance is one of the shorter lead times startups will encounter when working with the military industrial complex. Protracted acquisition timelines and complicated regulations can turn off entrepreneurs who might otherwise be interested in working with the military, said Gen. Paul Selva, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “There are startup companies that are interacting with the department and with the Air Force,” Selva said, speaking on an AFA panel with Pawlikowski. “But they don’t find themselves comfortable in the environment we’ve created. They are not comfortable inside the Federal Acquisition Regulations, and they’re certainly not comfortable on the long lead time and very long development cycles that we normally bring to programs.” Hidden, but not entirely absent One way to “see” startups on the floor? Look to the products and innovations the biggest companies are displaying. The largest contractors play an integrating role with the rest of the industry, from collaborating on specific offerings to sponsoring startup incubators, said Bernie Skoch, the coordinator of the AFA conference. “If you stroll the booths…you’re not going to see [startups’] logos or their brands on the floor necessarily,” he said. “But a lot of the integrators, each one of the primes, they partner with startups, small businesses, those non-traditional companies.” For those startups not already wrapped into one of the big contractors’ fold, purchasing exhibit space is the most visible way to participate at the large conferences, but it’s not the only one. Skoch said a number of small businesses and startups have connected with the association’s other members by sponsoring a panel or tables at the receptions, although AFA does not make those sponsorship lists public. And multiple sources said walking the floor as an attendee—rather than exhibiting on it—can prove just as fruitful for smaller-staffed startups. “I have seen people from companies that are small and in startup phase buying a full access ticket and having a lot of success,” Borene said. “That’s the other reason you’re not seeing them on the exhibit floor. It’s a guerrilla tactic…a smart startup CEO is leveraging every angle.” Another viable option is one of any of the shorter conferences outside the D.C. Beltway that still provide a “safe, ethical means for startups to get access” to military leaders, acquisition officials and potential partners, Borene said. “If you’re a small [company], you kind of have to be a contrarian—you’ll get drowned at AUSA,” Borene said. “But if you go to some of the smaller ones, they tend to be a day or at most two days, so you’re not burning resources manning a booth.” Meeting in the middle Whether it’s through formal exhibits or informal conversations at AUSA’s or AFA’s summits, a DIUx award, or another avenue, the military has to find environments in which startups are comfortable, Selva said. “What we have to do, and what we have been doing is trying to nurture relationships with those small companies by placing bets and asking them hard questions and giving them some time to chew on them,” Selva said. That increased engagement with small entrepreneurs might not translate to a significantly larger startup presence on the exhibit floor, or even a desire for it. Though the AFA hasn’t wrapped up its post-conference survey from attendees and exhibitors, Skoch said they hadn’t yet received any feedback requesting a greater startup presence on the floor. “We haven’t completely tabulated the data, but what we heard from the exhibitors is this was one of the most engaged years, the busiest they’ve seen the floor,” he said. “I have not heard a specific desire for non-traditional exhibitors.” Recognizing the difficulties startups face when engaging with the large-scale conferences, the Air Force and other services have started to meet them where they’re most comfortable instead, Pawlikowski said. “We have to reach out to the forums they’re participating in,” she said. “I, personally, out in Los Angeles participated in a venture capitalist conference to talk about space … After I participated in a panel, I had about a dozen venture capitalists come up to me, wanting [me] to know that they had entrepreneurs that were interested in getting involved.” Outreach like that is starting to return dividends, Borene said. Startups may not be expressing their interest by purchasing booths at the massive industry events, but they are expressing it. He pointed to organizations like Eastern Foundry, which has created a homebase with office space and resources just down the road from the Pentagon for startups interested in the defense sector. “The Pentagon, with its giant bureaucracy, is making all of the right moves in embracing and getting out to the clusters of ingenuity in the civilian sector, and on the other side, you’re seeing those entrepreneurs aggregating here in DC in order to start addressing that need,” Borene said. “The macro trends are all moving in the right direction to start seeing innovation in the defense industrial base.” Caroline Houck is an Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One. Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 Decision Time: Half of US F-15s Need Overhauls — Or Retirement 2 Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia 3 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Next » America's National Security Trilemma — and How to Solve It Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Next » America's National Security Trilemma — and How to Solve It Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Australasia Asian woman headbutted and kicked in stomach during 'racially-motivated' attack on suburban street Jing Song brutally attacked while she walked her dog in a quiet suburb of Sydney Gabriel Samuels @gabs_samuels Tuesday 4 October 2016 12:55 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Jing Song was left with a fractured eye socket after the attack on Glover Street, Sydney Google Maps An Asian woman was headbutted and kicked repeatedly in the stomach during an unprovoked “racially-motivated” attack while out walking her dog, a court heard. Steven Burke stands accused of attacking 29-year-old Jing Song as she walked in Sydney suburb of Mosman with her partner, leaving her with a fractured eye-socket. Ms Song was allegedly punched in the face five times and knocked to the ground by Burke after he crossed a road while shouting abuse at her. Read more Police officer loses two jobs after posting racial slur on Snapchat Marc Anwar sacked from Coronation Street over ‘racially offensive tweets’ Donald Trump calls for racial profiling of terror suspects after New York and New Jersey bombings Paul Gascoigne pleads guilty to a racially aggravated offence She was taken to a local hospital following the attack, and the prosecutor said she may require extensive surgery to repair her eye socket. Ms Song said she did not know her attacker prior to the incident and confirmed the alleged assault was “entirely unprovoked”. “There seems to be some sort of racial motivation given what he said to the victim”, the prosecutor added, according to Mail Online. World news in pictures 26 show all World news in pictures 1/26 16 November 2016 A person photographs the Brandenburger gate in Berlin on a foggy day Getty 2/26 16 November 2016 Evacuees formerly stranded in the earthquake-affected town of Kaikoura stand alongside the helicopter that brought them to the town of Woodend, near Christchurch, New Zealand Reuters 3/26 16 November 2016 Specialised water generation equipment is loaded onboard an RNZAF C-130 Hercules aircraft at Linton Military Camp in Manawatu, in preparation for deployment to those stranded on New Zealand's South Island following an earthquake Reuters 4/26 16 November 2016 Evacuees formerly stranded in the earthquake-affected town of Kaikoura stand alongside the helicopter that brought them to the town of Woodend, near Christchurch, New Zealand Reuters 5/26 16 November 2016 Policemen control a crowd of people standing in a queue to enter a bank to exchange discontinued currency in New Delhi, India AP 6/26 16 November 2016 India announced a week ago that it was withdrawing 500 and 1,000 rupee notes as legal tender to fight corruption and tax evasion. However, people are allowed a onetime swap of 4,000 rupees ($59) at any bank in exchange for smaller notes to meet immediate needs AP 7/26 16 November 2016 A Russian Orthodox priest conducts a blessing in front of the Soyuz MS-03 spacecraft set on the launch pad of the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan Getty 8/26 16 November 2016 Indira the Bengal Tiger from Zambi Wildlife Park in Sydney, undergoes minor eye surgery to correct a condition that caused her to go cross-eyed at the University Veterinary Teaching Hospital Getty 9/26 16 November 2016 Prince William, Duke of Cambridge visits the school on Lan Ong Street on the first day of an official visit in Hanoi, Vietnam Getty 10/26 16 November 2016 Theo Martins and Willem Oosthuizen appear in court after an online video emerged showing them pushing a black man into a coffin and threatening to burn him alive, at the Middelburg magistrates High Court, in Mpumalanga province, South Africa Reuters 11/26 15 November 2016 Supporters rallying for the nation‚Äôs new peace agreement with FARC, during a march in Bogota, Colombia Reuters 12/26 15 November 2016 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau place a wreath at Jose Marti Monument in Havana, Cuba AP 13/26 15 November 2016 Protesters block a highway during a protest in Mandan against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 14/26 15 November 2016 Protesters hold a banner in support of indigenous women during a protest in Mandan against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 15/26 15 November 2016 A protester tries to shake the hand of a police officer in front of an Army Corp of Engineers building during a protest in Bismarck against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 16/26 15 November 2016 Protesters in favor of the Dakota Access pipeline demonstrate across the street from an Army Corp of Engineers building in Bismarck, US Reuters 17/26 15 November 2016 Robert F. Kennedy Jr, founder and president of Waterkeeper Alliance, speaks at a news conference at the Oceti Sakowin camp during a protest against the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation near Cannon Ball, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 18/26 15 November 2016 man speaks into a megaphone as demonstrators hold red flags during a protest against the visit of the US president in Athens Getty 19/26 15 November 2016 Police officers look at flames from a fire bomb thrown by demonstrators during a protest against the visit of US President Barack Obama in Athens AP 20/26 15 November 2016 Police and demonstrators clash during a protest against the visit of US President Barack Obama in Athens. Greek police say about 3,000 anarchists, leftwing group supporters and students are marching through central Athens, to protest President Barack Obama's visit AP 21/26 15 November 2016 A pile of 5,250 illegal weapons are burned by Kenyan police in Ngong, near Nairobi, in Kenya. The weapons consisted of both confiscated and surrendered firearms that had been stockpiled over almost a decade and were destroyed by police as a message to the public to surrender others AP 22/26 15 November 2016 A soldier from the Ninth Armored Division, 109th artillery battalion, covers his ears after a 155mm shell was fired towards an Islamic State militant position in Mosul, from the village of Ali Rash, east of Mosul, Iraq AP 23/26 12 November 2016 Rock star Sting reopens the Bataclan , the revered Paris concert hall where jihadists massacred 90 people, with a hugely symbolic show to mark the first anniversary of France's bloodiest terror attacks Getty 24/26 12 November 2016 Candles opposite the Bataclan concert hall in Paris, France, ahead of the venues reopening by Sting, as mourners prepare to mark one year since the Paris terrorist attacks PA wire 25/26 12 November 2016 Protesters stage a mock funeral for South Korean President Park Geun-Hye an anti-government protest in central Seoul. Up to one million people were expected to take to the streets of Seoul to demand the resignation of scandal-hit President Park Geun-Hye, in one of the largest anti-government protests in decades Getty 26/26 12 November 2016 Peshmerga forces inspect a tunnel used by Islamic State militants in the town of Bashiqa, after it was recaptured from the Islamic State, east of Mosul, Iraq Reuters Burke was quickly arrested and taken to a police station in North Sydney, where officers charged him with reckless grievous bodily harm and common assault. He was denied bail due to the “serious nature” of the allegations, and is to have his mental health assessed before a further court date later this week. Burke’s lawyer said he used to work as a security guard in Iraq and now lives in the Mosman area. More about: Sydney Mosman Racial abuse Australia Reuse content Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Defence Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt You are here: ET Home›News›Defence 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,865-266.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 77 points lower; Nifty50 hits 6-month low to end at 8,074 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Rafale jets 'exceptional', IAF will like to have more of it: Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha By PTI | Updated: Oct 04, 2016, 06.09 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Saab | Rafale | Locheed Martin | IAF chief | IAF | Fighter jets | Boeing Asked if 18 more aircraft would be procured, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha said, "Well, we would like to have more. But it is a decision that will be taken in the near future." NEW DELHI: Describing the Rafale fighter jets as "exceptional", IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha today said the force would like to have more of the aircraft and insisted that the recently signed contract for 36 fighters was better than other such deals. He also spoke about "unsolicited offers" that India has received from Boeing, Saab and Locheed Martin to manufacture fighter aircraft in India and said the company which offers the best deal will be selected. He said Saab's Gripen is a "good fighter" as compared to others like F-16 of Lockheed Martin but the decision will depend on many factors. "Any air force will be proud to have aircraft of the Rafale class which is in mid-weight category. In terms of its weapons capability, air-to-air missiles, beyond visual range, air-to-ground, its avionics, instrumentation and warfare suite, it is exceptional and one of the leading aircraft of the current generation," Raha said. Asked if 18 more aircraft would be procured, he said, "Well, we would like to have more. But it is a decision that will be taken in the near future." The 7.878 billion Euros (Rs 59,000 crore) deal for 36 Rafale fighter jets was signed on September 23. The new planes will give a big boost to IAF's defence and strike power. The most important aspect of the deal, apart from the fact that the Rafale is a 4.5 generation fighter jet, is the firepower that India is getting in the form of long-range and Beyond Visual Range (BVR) missiles. Rafale jets will come equipped with state-of-the-art missiles such as Meteor and Scalp. Meteor is a BVR air-to-air missile with a range in excess of 150km. "It is better in terms of price, performance-based logistics, missiles among others," he said on the Rafale deal in comparison to the MMRCA tender and deals signed by France with other countries in world. On the induction of light combat aircraft Tejas, he said it would be done in six squadrons, including the upgraded version. He said the next version called Tejas 'Mark-A' would come with better radar, weapons, avionics, and its production will start in 2021. Raha also said IAF would also be upgrading the Sukhoi 30 MKI fighter jets besides the Jaguar. On the integration of BrahMos missiles with the Sukhoi 30 MKI, Raha said, "We hope to fire a live missile in three months." The IAF chief, who heads the Chiefs of Staff Committee (CoSC), a body of the three service chiefs, said he hoped the government would resolve the issues of the 7th Pay Commission and that the forces have decided to implement it based on the government's assurances. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump meets Indian partners, hails PM Modi's work Rs 2000 notes offered for Rs 1.5L on eBay Notes swap limited to Rs 2,000 from tomorrow From Around the Web More from The Economic Times This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi Grow Your Brand with Superior Video Experiences Across the.. JW Player Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report NFL-National Football League roundup Gold ETFs see first inflow in 3.5 years Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Flynn's reputation: astute intelligence pro, straight talker READ MORE ON » Saab | Rafale | Locheed Martin | IAF chief | IAF | Fighter jets | Boeing Follow this section for latest news on Defence EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Now, get Rs 2,000 cash from petrol pumps Demonetisation: Govt mulls limits on cash withdrawals, transactions for both individuals, companies Rs 60,000 is the new Rs 1 lakh in Uttar Pradesh real estate market Beware! Bank account misuse for black money can invite prosecution Donald Trump’s rhetoric leaves Indian students unsure about pursuing higher education in US More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home India India News Rafale jets ‘exceptional’, IAF will like to have more of it, says IAF’s Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha Rafale jets ‘exceptional’, IAF will like to have more of it, says IAF’s Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha IAF chief Arup Raha also spoke about the "unsolicited offers" that India has received from Boeing, Saab and Locheed Martin to manufacture fighters in India and said the best deal will be selected. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:October 4, 2016 6:01 pm Rafale fighter jets. (File) Describing the Rafale fighter jets as “exceptional”, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha on Tuesday said the force would like to have more of the aircraft and insisted that the recently signed contract for 36 fighters was better than other such deals. He also spoke about “unsolicited offers” that India has received from Boeing, Saab and Locheed Martin to manufacture fighter aircraft in India and said the company which offers the best deal will be selected. Watch What Else is Making News He said Saab’s Gripen is a “good fighter” as compared to others like F-16 of Lockheed Martin but the decision will depend on many factors. “Any air force will be proud to have aircraft of the Rafale class which is in mid-weight category. In terms of its weapons capability, air-to-air missiles, beyond visual range, air-to-ground, its avionics, instrumentation and warfare suite, it is exceptional and one of the leading aircraft of the current generation,” Raha said. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Asked if 18 more aircraft would be procured, he said, “Well, we would like to have more. But it is a decision that will be taken in the near future.” India’s indigenous LCA, Tejas. (File) The 7.878 billion Euros (Rs 59,000 crore) deal for 36 Rafale fighter jets was signed on September 23. The new planes will give a big boost to IAF’s defence and strike power. The most important aspect of the deal, apart from the fact that the Rafale is a 4.5 generation fighter jet, is the firepower that India is getting in the form of long-range and Beyond Visual Range (BVR) missiles. Rafale jets will come equipped with state-of-the-art missiles such as Meteor and Scalp. Meteor is a BVR air-to-air missile with a range in excess of 150km. Jaguar fighter-bomber aircraft of the Indian Air Force India. (File) “It is better in terms of price, performance-based logistics, missiles among others,” he said on the Rafale deal in comparison to the MMRCA tender and deals signed by France with other countries in world. On the induction of light combat aircraft Tejas, he said it would be done in six squadrons, including the upgraded version. He said the next version called Tejas ‘Mark-A’ would come with better radar, weapons, avionics, and its production will start in 2021. Sukhoi MKI-30, India’s air superiority aircraft. (File) Raha also said IAF would also be upgrading the Sukhoi 30 MKI fighter jets besides the Jaguar. On the integration of BrahMos missiles with the Sukhoi 30 MKI, Raha said, “We hope to fire a live missile in three months.” The IAF chief, who heads the Chiefs of Staff Committee (CoSC), a body of the three service chiefs, said he hoped the government would resolve the issues of the 7th Pay Commission and that the forces have decided to implement it based on the government’s assurances. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBanks to work normal hours on Saturday, but only senior citizens can exchange old notes IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation IndiaDemonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News BJP MP Rupa Ganguly berates TMC for supporting triple talaq Jose Mourinho tight-lipped over Wayne Rooney drink row I cannot imagine Lionel Messi away from Barcelona, says Luis Enrique Calcutta HC say govt did no homework, SC refuses to bar court hearings Demonetisation: Goa-based escort agencies hit hard                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Airbus Defence and Space to provide an update on EDRS-A status at Global MilSatCom 2016 SMi are excited to announce Hughes Boulnois, Head of EDRS, Airbus Defence and Space will be presenting at Global MilSatCom 2016 this December in London. Global MilSatCom 2016   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Milsatcom * Satcom * Satellite By Industry: * AerospaceLONDON - Oct. 4, 2016 - PRLog -- EDRS - SpaceDataHighway is the most advanced high-performance alternative for space data transfer, providing data transmission in broadband quality in almost real time. A system of two geostationary satellites is used to relay information between Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellites, spacecrafts or airbornes and fixed ground stations. EDRS will enable satellites to immediately transfer data to the ground instead of waiting for up to hours before flying over a fixed ground station*. The SpaceDataHighway is a public–private partnership between ESA and Airbus Defence and Space. The DLR German Aerospace Center funded the development of the cutting-edge laser technology that forms the backbone of the system. The first node, EDRS-A, was launched on 29 January 2016 as a hosted payload on the Eutelsat-9B satellite. The second, the dedicated EDRS-C satellite, will be launched in 2017**. "SpaceDataHighway is no longer science fiction. It will revolutionise satellite communications, and help to keep the European space industry at the forefront of technology and innovative services," said Evert Dudok, Head of the Communications, Intelligence & Security (CIS) business line at Airbus Defence and Space*. SMi Group are delighted to announce Hughes Boulnois, Head of EDRS, Airbus Defence and Space will be presenting at Global MilSatCom 2016 this December in London on "SpaceDataHighway : Benefit of Laser Communications for aircrafts and EO satellites." Presentation highlights include: Status of EDRS-A, 1st satellite of the operational data-relay system using laser communication; Benefit of very high-data rate, low latency and secured data transfer service: EDRS-D : focus on Asia Pac and enhanced defence applications (aircraft, EW-active environment, new crypto capabilities…) Further information available at http://www.smi-online.co.uk/defence/uk/global-milsatcom?utm_medium=www.globalmilsatcom.com&utm_source=D-120&utm_campaign=prlog This year's Global MilSatCom will bring together over 500 of the industry's key senior military representatives alongside the world's leading SatCom solution providers and operators. There will be over 120 military and government attendees from Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Czech Republic, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Russia, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and USA. The three-day event agenda includes unique presentations from UK Ministry of Defence, U.S. Department of Defence, Brazilian Air Force, NATO NCIA, Department of National Defence Canada, Italian MoD, Danish Defence Command, Joint Staff, UAE Space Agency, Hungarian Defence Forces, European Space Agency, Belgian Defense, Australian Department of Defence, New Zealand Defence Force, DISA, DGA France, Norwegian Defence Logistics Association, U.S Marine Corps Forces for Europe and Africa, Airbus Defence and Space, Eutelsat, Intelsat General, Viasat, Boeing, Thales, Newtec, OneWeb, Lockheed Martin, Northern Sky Research, O3b Networks, Advantech Wireless, Avanti Communications, GovSat and many more. Some of the important topics that will be covered by these speakers include; SatCom for governmental use, the SatCom AoA in the U.S, the renewal of European programmes and how emerging markets are satisfying their MilSatCom requirements, transforming MilSatCom with commercial technologies, evolution of protected resilient SatCom, TNS and HTS, Wideband Global SatCom, allied partnerships and interoperability and so much more. For a full list of speakers and agenda please visit http://www.smi-online.co.uk/defence/uk/global-milsatcom?utm_medium=www.globalmilsatcom.com&utm_source=D-120&utm_campaign=prlog SMi have also introduced two new pre-conference workshops taking place on the 7th November at this year's event: · Workshop A: Architecting Space Systems, hosted by The Aerospace Corporation · Workshop B: The Low Earth Orbit Small Satellite Constellation Revolution, hosted by Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd Global MilSatCom 2016 is proudly sponsored by: Lead Sponsor: SES | Gold Sponsor: Airbus Defence & Space  |  Sponsors: Advantech Wireless, Avanti Communications, Boeing, Eutelsat, Hughes, Intelsat General, Lockheed Martin, GovSat, Newtec, O3b Networks, Raytheon, Thales and ViaSat Exhibitors: COMSAT, Comtech Telecommunications, Datapath, GATR Technologies, iDirect, Iridium Communications Inc, Satcube, SCISYS, Spacepath Communications, Spectra Group UK, The Aerospace Corporation, Unique Broadband Systems and XTAR. Delegate places now over 97% sold out for Global MilSatCom 2016! Those who are interested in attending are advised to contact SMi, the organisers, today to secure participation. Online registrations can be made at https://www.smi-online.co.uk/defence/uk/global-milsatcom *Source: EDRS – SpacDataHighway. Airbus Defence and Space. http://www.edrs-spacedatahighway.com/cutting-edge-technol... **Source: Phys.org http://phys.org/news/2016-06-european-relay-laser-image.h... 18th annual Global MilSatCom 8th-10th November 2016 Park Plaza Riverbank Hotel, London, UK http://www.smi-online.co.uk/defence/uk/global-milsatcom?utm_medium=www.globalmilsatcom.com&utm_source=D-120&utm_campaign=prlog Sponsors/Exhibitors: Contact Alia Malick on +44(0) 207 827 6168, amalick@smi-online.co.uk Delegates/Groups: Contact James Hitchen on +44 (0) 207 827 6054, jhitchen@smi-online.co.uk Media: Contact Julia Rotar on jrotar@smi-online.co.uk ________________________________________________________ About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Contact SMi Group ***@smi-online.co.uk End Source : SMi Group Email : ***@smi-online.co.uk Listed Under- Tags : Milsatcom, Satcom, Satellite Industry : Aerospace Location : London City - London, Greater - United Kingdom Subject : Projects A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse SMi Group Ltd. News U.S. Customs and Border Protection joins expert speaker line up at Border Security 2017 Two Chairmen and New Sponsor Revision Military, Announced for Future Soldier Technology 2017 Exclusive Interview Released with Medical Device Usability Ahead of Pre-Filled Syringes Europe 2017 European Smart Grid Cyber Security 2017: Latest updates from National Grid, Ene SpA, Energinet DK & Pharma Cold Chain Distribution Updates from MHRA, IATA, GSK, Teva, J&J, World Courier, Finnair… Trending New Music Release by Latin Artist Miguel Angel 'El Bronco' Titled "Dolor!" Robert Cadogan & Heidy Frank join Dranoff 2 Piano Foundation Board Critical Skills for Successful Project Management Webinar Baby K'tan, LLC Announces Global Expansion with 2012 Ltd Tourette Association of America Announces Three New Board Members Daily News RaceAmerica Corporation partners with ALM Sales PTY Ltd - 435 views Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 394 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 260 views WalkMe Inc. Ranked Number #13 Fastest Growing Company in North America - 231 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 225 views Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1233 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 921 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 802 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 737 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 708 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 243 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 205 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 187 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 148 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / BAE, Boeing Receive Trident II Missile Support Contracts From Navy BAE, Boeing Receive Trident II Missile Support Contracts From Navy Mary-Louise Hoffman October 4, 2016 Contract Awards, News 934 Views The U.S. Navy has awarded a pair of sole-source contracts to a BAE subsidiary and Boeing (NYSE: BA) for support work on the military branch’s Trident II D5 fleet ballistic missile system. BAE’s technology solutions and services business will provide systems engineering and integration services for the Trident FBM under a contract that contains $56.6 million in base value and could reach $368.7 million in total value if all options are exercised, the Defense Department said Monday. Work also covers SSGN attack weapon system and nuclear weapon surety support. Boeing received a separate contract with an initial value of $32.8 million and a potential ceiling of $88.9 million to provide materials, labor and services for the Trident’s inertial navigation equipment, according to DoD. DoD added the Navy will initially obligate a total of $89.3 million to both contractors upon the availability of the branch’s operations and maintenance funds and research development test and evaluation funds in fiscal year 2017 as well as funds from the government of U.K. BAE’s contract has one base year and options that could extend the performance period through Sept. 30, 2021. Boeing’s contract has three base years and options that could extend work through Sept. 30, 2020. Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) is the prime contractor for the Trident II D5, a successor to the Navy’s Polaris, Poseidon  and Trident I C4 missile systems. Trident II D5 missiles have been fielded on U.S. Ohio-class submarines and U.K. Vanguard-class submarines. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba BAE Systems BAE Systems Technology Solutions & Services Boeing Contract Awards Defense Department DOD featured govcon inertial navigation system lmt Lockheed Martin nuclear weapon surety SSGN attack weapon system submarine-launched fleet ballistic missile Trident II D5 U.S. Navy Related Articles State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Check Also Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract Ensco has won a potential six-year, $145 million contract to perform systems engineering and integration efforts … Army Picks 3 Companies for $75M Horizontal Construction Services Contract AECOM (NYSE: ACM), Granite Construction and Kiewit Infrastructure West have won a $75 million shared contract for horizontal construction … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit November 18, 2016 State Dept Clears Potential $21B F-15 Sale to Qatar November 18, 2016 State Dept OKs $10B Sale of Boeing Super Hornet, Northrop, Raytheon & GE Components to Kuwait November 18, 2016 DLA Awards $252M in Retail Electricity Contracts to 5 Firms November 18, 2016 Ensco Wins $145M AF Space & Missile Systems Center Support Contract November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,038 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,531 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,393 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,436 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,136 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments @Follow Me CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit https://t.co/SWCrIKMUC1 #cae #canada39 mins ago .@StateDept clears potential $21B F-15 sale to Qatar #GovCon https://t.co/Ko5OV5E9n12 hours ago .@StateDept OKs $10B sale of @Boeing $BA Super Hornet, @northropgrumman $NOC, @Raytheon $RTN tools to Kuwait #GovCon https://t.co/nTGtzF6GqJ2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS C4ISR: AIR ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login C4iSR: Air AUSA 2016: US Army awards Lockheed Martin USD49 million for Apache sensor upgrade work Marina Malenic, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 04 October 2016 The US Army has awarded Lockheed Martin a USD49.3 million contract to upgrade the Modernized Target Acquisition Designation Sight/Pilot Night Vision Sensor (M-TADS/PNVS) on the Boeing AH-64E Apache helicopter, the company announced on 3 October. Lockheed Martin is responsible for producing 42 Modernized Day Sensor Assembly (M-DSA) upgrade kits and spares as part of Lot 1 production under the deal. M-DSA provides the ability to more rapidly identify targets and co-ordinate with troops on the ground. Its modular design also reduces operation and support costs, according to Lockheed Martin. Specifically, M-DSA provides the ability to view high-resolution, near-infrared and colour imagery on cockpit displays. It includes a new laser pointer marker that improves co-ordination with ground troops. An updated multi-mode laser with eye-safe lasing capability supports soldiers in urban environments and home-station training. M-DSA was developed in two phases. Phase 1 began in 2011 when Lockheed Martin received an army contract to deliver 680 Selex Galileo laser range finder/designator kits for US and international Apaches. Phase 2 was mainly about providing colour in the cockpit. It included upgrades such as a new structure to house M-DSA technology, a modernised sensor that provides high-resolution colour, an inertial measurement unit, a laser marker, and a new digital colour display inside the cockpit. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options　ihs.com/contact The nose-mounted M-TADS/PNVS system as fitted to a British Army Apache helicopter. Lockheed Martin has been contracted to build 42 M-DSA upgrade systems for the sensor on US Army AH-64Es. (IHS/Gareth Jennings) To read the full article, Client Login (233 of 269 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: C4ISR & Mission Systems IHS Jane's C4ISR & Mission Systems: Air IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK AMERICAS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Elbit unveils ReDrone counter-UAV system C4ISR: AIR USAF to study future command-and-control requirements C4ISR: AIR USN set to prepare crews for last resort defence against cyber attack C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT BAE Systems' adaptive radar countermeasures project moves to Phase 3 C4ISR: AIR New Zealand awards Systematic NEA tranche 1 capability contract C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Elbit unveils ReDrone counter-UAV system C4ISR: AIR USAF to study future command-and-control requirements C4ISR: AIR USN set to prepare crews for last resort defence against cyber attack C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT BAE Systems' adaptive radar countermeasures project moves to Phase 3 C4ISR: AIR New Zealand awards Systematic NEA tranche 1 capability contract C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Dayton's legacy: the Balkans, 20 years on In the two decades since NATO intervention brought an end to hostilities in the former Yugoslavia peace has largely prevailed within the region's borders, but challenges remain. Jim Dorschner reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 43 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Howes: Bill Ford spies ‘revolution’ coming for auto biz The Blue Oval's executive chairman is taking a shot of his own on the emerging mobility space. It’s a multitrillion-dollar global business that promises to transform personal transportation and the auto industry as surely as his great-grandfather’s Model T changed the way people live, work and play and where they do it. Post to Facebook Howes: Bill Ford spies ‘revolution’ coming for auto biz The Blue Oval's executive chairman is taking a shot of his own on the emerging mobility space. It’s a multitrillion-dollar global business that promises to transform personal transportation and the auto industry as surely as his great-grandfather’s Model T changed the way people live, work and play and where they do it.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2dE898z {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 14 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Howes: Bill Ford spies ‘revolution’ coming for auto biz Daniel Howes , The Detroit News 7:52 a.m. EDT October 4, 2016 William Clay "Bill" Ford Jr. (Photo: File) Bill Ford Jr.’s used to taking shots. He got whacked repeatedly for touting environmentalism in the global auto industry before environmentalism was cool. That prompted rivals to wonder whether the scion of America’s preeminent industrial dynasty was becoming unmoored from the realities of the family business. He got criticized for his tenure as CEO, a situation he and Ford Motor Co.’s directors addressed a decade ago with the appointment of Alan Mulally as his replacement. The former Boeing Co. engineer led a remarkable turnaround financed with private capital — not taxpayer money. And Republican Donald Trump rarely misses an opportunity on the presidential campaign trail to trash Ford Motor’s decision to move small-car production to Mexico. It’s a move the guy with his name on the building says he personally explained to the New York mogul, who evidently chooses to ignore the details lest they muddy his message. But Ford’s executive chairman is taking a shot of his own on the emerging mobility space. It’s a multitrillion-dollar global business that promises to transform personal transportation and the auto industry as surely as his great-grandfather’s Model T changed the way people live, work and play and where they do it. “Everything is changing,” Bill Ford said at last week’s World Mobility Leadership Forum. “We have to be incredibly open-minded, incredibly nimble and open to anything. The rate of change just keeps multiplying exponentially. This notion of being thoughtful but also being quick is really taxing to most companies.” Ford is no exception. To hear the chairman tell it, the Blue Oval (and such rivals as General Motors Co.) want nothing more than to revolutionize the business Henry Ford built. It wants to listen to the transportation needs of everyday customers, to offer customized solutions, to demonstrate the values of humility and collaboration in an industry seldom associated with either. It wants to work more intensively with municipal governments. It wants to show that what works in New York or Paris may not in Mumbai or Shanghai. It wants to prove to skeptical investors that a cornerstone of the Old Economy can tend to the core car and truck business even as it tries to expand its reach into mobility ... and in the process, expand its profit margins. “In time, if we do this right, we will be less capital-intensive,” Bill Ford said. “We will be less revenue-dependent on fixed-cost investment.” And if they do it wrong, or fail to exploit huge opportunities in the mobility space of ride-sharing, self-driving cars and transportation services, Ford risks being relegated to utilizing excess plant capacity to assemble other people’s technology — a place it decidedly does not want to be because of the negative long-term implications for growth and value creation. Done wrong or incompletely, the net effect would be lower profit margins, lower share prices, lower market capitalization and irrelevance. Those and more are what Ford and GM are desperately trying to avoid in their continuing campaigns to prove their ability to generate higher margins on lower fixed costs. In two words: build value. Understand that the recent and not-so-recent past of mediocre product, operating losses and capital destruction remain bitter lessons for investors large and small. Understand that hugely profitable years selling cars, trucks and crossovers in North America are no guarantee of future success in a tech-driven mobility world where barriers to entry are as small as a single idea executed and properly scaled. Detroit’s mobility mobilization is beginning to generate positive byproducts. The expanding presence of both companies in Silicon Valley, and their aggressive efforts to stake claims in the space through work in their respective hometowns, are attracting a new generation of talent that probably wouldn’t consider work inside of the walls of this town’s cornerstone automakers otherwise. GM CEO Mary Barra says visits to the automaker’s career website jumped 20 percent after the Detroit automaker announced its investment in Lyft Inc., the San Francisco ride-sharing company. Moves like that, and Detroit’s emergence as a cool and more affordable stop for millennials, are beginning to change the image of an industry long considered to be more staid than it is. The ability to “make a vehicle with quality and in high numbers” is proving “a lot tougher” to outsiders, Bill Ford says. So instead of buying (at least so far) automotive assets carrying lower market valuations, high-tech players with the notable exception of Tesla Motors Inc.’s Elon Musk are opting to partner with the likes of Ford and, especially, GM. The test will come when the market downshifts substantially, profits shrink and the mobility opportunities remain. That’s when we’ll see just how nimble Ford and its industry rivals really can be. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN, listen to his Saturday podcasts, or catch him 3 and 10 p.m. Thursdays on Michigan Radio’s “Stateside,” 91.7 FM. 43 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2dE898z TOP VIDEOS Mary Barra, Michiganian of the Year 2:39 GM opens new Company Store at Renaissance Center 1:54 Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News Home » India Air India Dreamliner’s windshield develops crack during flightSaurabh Sinha The windshield of an Air India Dreamliner cracked while flying into Chennai from Singapore on Sunday. The aircraft, however, landed safely. AI has faced several instances of windshield cracks in the Boeing 787 and the US major has in the past two to three years carried out several modifications to check this issue. | TNN | Oct 4, 2016, 07.40 AM IST NEW DELHI: The windshield of an Air India Dreamliner cracked while flying into Chennai from Singapore on Sunday. The aircraft, however, landed safely. AI has faced several instances of windshield cracks in the Boeing 787 and the US major has in the past two to three years carried out several modifications to check this issue. "The problem occurred as the aircraft was approaching Chennai. A windshield has two layers. One of the layers cracked and the other was intact. So the plane landed safely. Boeing has managed to reduce the occurrence of windshieldcracks; this has re-occurred after some time. "The windshield was changed and the plane is back in the air," said an official. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular 'Acting on terror': Pak envoy lies to US despite Hafiz Saeed's rallies Tendulkar would hit 100 and then shop, reveals Ganguly India strikes back, carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads at LoC BJP supporters shave heads in protest against Kejriwal govt A group of BJP supporters staged protest outside CM Arvind Kejriwal’s residence against poor governance in the national capital. The protesters shove their heads and also shouted slogans against the Aam Aadmi Party government. These protesters raised various issues including poor condition of roads, water problem and pathetic drainage system. Demanding immediate action, these protesters also accused Kejriwal govt of not fulfilling their poll promises. Cauvery dispute: Protest erupts in Bengaluru over SC's order Members of various Kannada organizations staged a massive protest in BENGALURU’s Mysore Bank circle over Supreme Court’s order to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu. Shouting slogans and holding black flags, the protesters also burnt a black effigy. Meanwhile, Sashastra Seema Bal team was deployed at the protest ground to control the agitated protesters who called it a black day for the state. Many protesters were also detained by the city police. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7windshield crackedwindshieldBoeing 787BoeingAir India Dreamliner Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Jayalalithaa on respiratory support: Hospital Ten coaches of Jhelum Express derail in Punjab ‘Small towns hurtling towards infra hellhole’ Man suspected to be leading IS’s latest module linked to PFI Baramulla: Terrorists escape after killing one BSF jawan Katara killers Vikas & Vishal to serve 25 years in jail: SC 'UN monitors’ comment is of hardly any consequence' Baramulla: It was a terror attack, not a case of friendly fire, says BSF First guns spoke, now NSAs talk 1 Air India Dreamliner’s windshield develops crack during flight 2Jayalalithaa on respiratory support: Hospital 3Ten coaches of Jhelum Express derail in Punjab 4‘Small towns hurtling towards infra hellhole’ 5Man suspected to be leading IS’s latest module linked to PFI 6Baramulla: Terrorists escape after killing one BSF jawan 7Katara killers Vikas & Vishal to serve 25 years in jail: SC 8'UN monitors’ comment is of hardly any consequence' 9Baramulla: It was a terror attack, not a case of friendly fire, says BSF 10First guns spoke, now NSAs talk About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack Kolkata Test Score India Surgical Strike US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Cauvery Water Dispute Breaking News Dussehra 2016 iPhone 7 Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
skip to main content Cape Girardeau 90.9fm - Farmington 88.9fm Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Agriculture Arts & Culture Crime & Safety Economy Education Health & Science Politics NPR Music Local Afternoon Classics A Harte Appetite Almost Yesterday Caffe Concerto Discover Nature Going Public Left of the Dial The Winter Project To Your Health Sunday Night at the Opera Two-Minute Drill Vargas Speaks Your Folk Connection Inside Schedule Programs Newsletter About Us People Annual Reports Advisory Board Generation Listen KRCU Employment History Driving Directions Support Make a Gift Day Sponsor Program Sponsorship KRCU Circle Planned Giving Volunteer Honor & Memorial Gifts Vehicle Donation Protect My Public Media Events Weather Special Projects We Came Home Show Me Summer Living in the Shadows Printable Schedule Search Menu Home News Agriculture Arts & Culture Crime & Safety Economy Education Health & Science Politics NPR Music Local Afternoon Classics A Harte Appetite Almost Yesterday Caffe Concerto Discover Nature Going Public Left of the Dial The Winter Project To Your Health Sunday Night at the Opera Two-Minute Drill Vargas Speaks Your Folk Connection Inside Schedule Programs Newsletter About Us People Annual Reports Advisory Board Generation Listen KRCU Employment History Driving Directions Support Make a Gift Day Sponsor Program Sponsorship KRCU Circle Planned Giving Volunteer Honor & Memorial Gifts Vehicle Donation Protect My Public Media Events Weather Special Projects We Came Home Show Me Summer Living in the Shadows Printable Schedule Search Related Program:  Going Public Going Public: Iconic B-17 Bomber Gives World War II Veterans a Chance to Relive History By Marissanne Lewis-Thompson • Sep 30, 2016 Related Program:  Going Public TweetShareGoogle+Email View Slideshow 1 of 10 B-17 bomber 'Sentimental Journey' made its way to Cape Girardeau Regional Airport on Monday September 26, 2016. The flying fortress is currently on its Flying Legends Victory Tour. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 2 of 10 Shelby Bolkey is the load master for the B-17. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 3 of 10 A row of bombs are attached to the bomber. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 4 of 10 Sentimental journey flying over the city of Cape Girardeau. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 5 of 10 Famous pinup model Betty Grable is the nose art for the flying fortress. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 6 of 10 Ball turret gunner position inside the B-17 bomber. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 7 of 10 World War II veteran Clifford Heinrich was the sole survivor of a B-17 bomber crash that killed his entire crew. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 8 of 10 Larry Perkins is the pilot of Sentimental Journey. He's flown the plane for 26 years. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 9 of 10 B-17 bomber pilot Earl Morrow signed he and his comrades names on the open bomb bay doors of the Sentimental Journey. This is their wall of honor. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU View Slideshow 10 of 10 Floyd Smith is a World War II veteran. Marissanne Lewis-Thompson/KRCU Listen Listening... / 9:47 Listen here. Standing in a cluster near the runway at the Cape Girardeau Regional Airport is a small group of World War II veterans. While swapping old war stories from the good old days they were waiting. Eagerly waiting for the arrival of the iconic B-17 bomber.   “It's just a wonderful opportunity,” said Floyd Smith a World War II veteran. “I wish the whole city could turn out and watch this thing land. It's something that you just don't see. There it comes right there. And it's something you don't see everyday. You know? And I just wish so many kids could see that. Oh what a wonderful sight.” In its heyday, the B-17 bomber was a force to be reckoned with. During World War II, the flying fortress dropped more than 600,000 tons of bombs in Europe. Virtually helping to turn the tide of the war. But these days only a handful of those heavy bombers are flyable. One of them is Sentimental Journey. She’s one of the most authentically restored B-17’s out there today. Recently, the iconic warbird found its way to the airport as part of the Flying Legends Victory Tour.   Shelby Bolkey is the loadmaster of the Sentimental Journey. She’s a redhead with a fiery personality to match. And she’s passionate about are her heroes. “My dad was in the Navy,” Bolkey said. “My father-in-law was there when they took the bridge at Remagen. One of the bloodiest battles that was the first bridge across the Rhine river. And so they're both gone. And so to be able to honor their memory is this is part of it. This plane is a symbol of all of them, but you know how can you not? They gave us a free world. How can you not honor them?”   Larry Perkins is the pilot of Sentimental Journey, and he’s been flying her for nearly 26 years. “If it weren't for B-17's carrying out their missions, you and I'd be speaking German right now,” Perkins said. “It was very important to the war and they took some terrible losses. I believe there were about 4,000 of them shot down. And you know on each of those airplanes there's 10 people.” Perkins served in the Army during the Vietnam War. He said he’s honored to fly his fellow veterans a plane ride of a lifetime.   “I would have liked to have been young enough to join them,” Perkins said. “You couldn't fly or serve with better people. And the people who come out have such rich stories.” Unlike other B-17’s you see in old war photos or movies, this aluminum beauty is bare-metal.   “At the end of the war they didn't take time to paint the airplanes,” Perkins said. “The last P-51's built, the last B-17's built were all bare-metal.” While we’re talking about her look, her nose art is of the famous ‘40s pinup model with the Million Dollar Legs, Betty Grable. “You notice that she has her posterior toward the camera,” Perkins said.   At the time, it was rumored Grable was pregnant, but it was never confirmed. However, the plane’s namesake comes from the Doris Day and Les Brown ‘40s hit Sentimental Journey. But don’t let her age or beauty fool you. She’s a solid warbird. “It's about as safe an airplane as you can fly in,” Perkins said. “It has 4 engines. It'll fly real well on two-engines. And if you remember the battle damage that the airplanes flew home with, the airplane is literally built like a bridge.”   A Boeing design, Sentimental Journey was built in 1944 in Long Beach, California. Because of manufacturing she didn’t see any combat. Instead she was sent over to the Pacific theater for the rest of the war. Three years later she became an aerial mapping plane. “Her last military job she was the mothership to remotely control another B-17 through a nuclear blast,” said Bolkey.   For nearly two decades, Sentimental Journey was used to fight forest fires for a company in California. She was relieved from her duties of dropping slurry on those fires when they discovered that the slurry was corrosive to her aluminum exterior. So they moved her to a field. Birds made a home in her engine. Her tires were flat and her propellers were bent. The company eventually decided to auction her off. “At the auction two guys were bidding to get her,” Bolkey said. “One literally wanted to turn her into beer cans. The other one was our first leader and he had the dream that we could bring her back to life and we could fly her.” Airbase Arizona got her. They cleaned her up and flew her to her current home in Mesa, Arizona. It took 18 years to fully restore her back to her former glory. And now she serves as a flying museum for veterans and civilians. When you step onto the plane the first thing you’ll see our guns and ammunition. The seats are more like nets and the inside is pretty crammed. Bolkey who was our guide motions us to take a seat, buckle up and enjoy the view as we fly over Cape Girardeau. When the flight was over she gave us her flight attendant speech. “We know you have a choice when you fly,” Bolkey said. “So the next time you decide to go blasting through the air in an unpressurized aluminum tube, we hope you'll fly with Airbase Arizona.” After the flight, Smith said he left the plane with a different perspective. “I didn't realize how important it was to the overall victory that we had to have you know,” Smith said. “Now this is just one airplane of course. [But]  then I think about all of them doing the same thing and the guys on the ground dying. And I realize how important this bomber is.” While he enjoyed spending the day catching up with old comrades, there was one veteran that was on his mind--Clifford Heinrich. Heinrich was 18 at the time of the war. Serving as a tail gunner on B-17, his plane crashed coming back from a mission. “We went on a mission and we came back to England,” Heinrich said. “[We] made it back to England alright. And we crashed and we crashed when we get there.” By the time the plane hit the ground he made it to the plane’s radio room where a nearby nurse found him. “[The] nurse was there near where we crashed,” Heinrich said. “And she's the one that pulled me out.” Heinrich was the only one to make it out alive from his 10 man crew. He spent the next 14 months in a hospital. For more than six decades his efforts went unrecognized. Earlier this year that changed when he received a Purple Heart medal among others. To this day it’s still unknown as to what exactly caused the crash. But it’s stories like Heinrich’s that remind this crew what it’s really all about. Underneath the wide open bomb bay doors, Bolkey pointed out the scattered names of veterans and their comrades. “[The] people who have come out and flown with his us that have actually been veterans and flown in a B-17, we have them sign our doors,” Bolkey said. “This is our wall of honor.” This one was Earl’s. He was a pilot of a B-17. “We saw him on July 7, 2014,” Bolkey said. “He was the pilot. He listed all of his crew members including the three that were killed in action. So when they went down. He lost let's see his radio operator. His left waist gunner and the ball turret gunner.” All of this hits home for Bolkey. Her husband served 22 years in the military and her son served in Iraq. “I sent my son off to Iraq,” Bolkey said. “ And within four days he lost his best friend. And within two weeks he lost four of his troops. And he said ‘I grew up watching World War II movies where I had to you know watch the guy write the letter home.’ He said ‘[I] never knew how hard that was until I had to write four.’ You know luckily he came home.” For many of these veterans Sentimental Journey is more than just a piece of history. It’s a place to say goodbyes. “We had a gentleman that came and struggled to get his walker out of his car, and struggled his way all the way up to the plane, and he put his hand on the star in the back,” Bolkey said.  And I waited until he stood up and I said I would help get back to his old crew position if he wanted to, and he said ‘I came to say goodbye to ghosts.’ You know and you think about that.” Tags:  Going Public B-17 Bomber WWII Airbase Arizona Sentimental Journey TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2016 KRCU About KRCU Driving Directions Annual Reports Contact Us
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home Secretary Carter Secretary Carter's Page Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travel Today in DoD About DoD Leaders Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Top Issues Targeted Operations Against ISIL Terrorists Force of the Future Science and Technology FY 2017 Budget Proposal Asia-Pacific Rebalance Operation Atlantic Resolve News Press Advisories News Releases News Articles Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Special Reports Badges and Passes RSS Other News Sources Media Lead Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos Videos DVIDS DoD Live Blog Trademarks Military Service Seals Imagery Archive DoD Flickr Secretary of Defense Flickr Deputy Secretary of Defense Flickr Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Flickr Military Services Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands A-Z List Resources Popular DoD Resources Contact DoD Frequently Asked Questions Available Jobs Within DoD Website Feedback Developer Info Apps Gallery DoD Information Quality Guidelines Principles of Information Register A Site HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-190-16 Oct. 3, 2016 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS   NAVY   Huntington Ingalls Inc., Ingalls Shipbuilding Division, Pascagoula, Mississippi, is being awarded a $120,000,000 fixed-price-incentive modification to previously awarded contract N00024-16-C-2427 for additional long lead time material in support of Landing Helicopter Assault (LHA) Replacement (LHA(R)) Flight 1 Amphibious Assault Ship (LHA 8).  Work procurement includes machinery control system components and software, cargo and aircraft elevators, gas turbines and refrigeration units.  Work will be performed in Cincinnati, Ohio (17 percent); and in other locations throughout the U.S. that are to be determined (83 percent), and is expected to be completed by June 2020.  Fiscal 2016 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funds in the amount of $120,000,000 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   General Dynamics National Steel and Shipbuilding Co., San Diego, California, is being awarded a $106,175,548 modification on a not-to-exceed basis to previously awarded, undefinitized contract action (N00024-16-C-2227) for the procurement of additional long lead time material, engineering, and non-production support for the Expeditionary Mobile Base 5 (formerly Mobile Landing Platform Afloat Forward Staging Base).  This action allows the procurement of whole ship sets of interior outfittings; steel plates; hull and piping, ventilation and machinery insulation; heating, ventilation and air conditioning; emergency switchboards; piping; valves; steel shapes; ballast water treatment system; Aqueous Film Forming Foam system; and knuckle-boom crane.  Work will be performed in Crozet, Virginia (32.28 percent); San Diego, California (16.53 percent); Iron Mountain, Michigan (10.19 percent); Belle Chasse, Louisiana (7.52 percent); Busan, Korea (5.57 percent); Chula Vista, California (4.31 percent); Appleton, Wisconsin (3.02 percent); Mobile, Alabama, (2.94 percent); Houston, Texas (1.81 percent); Youngsville, Louisiana (1.47 percent); Deerfield Beach, Florida (1.43 percent); Chicago, Illinois (1.21 percent); Reston, Virginia (1.18 percent); and various other locations, each accounting for less than one percent (10.54 percent); and is expected to be completed by March 2017.  Fiscal 2016 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $82,503,411 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was not competitively procured in accordance with U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) - only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington District of Columbia, is the contracting activity.   BAE Systems Technology Solutions & Services Inc., Rockville, Maryland, is being awarded a $56,566,975 cost-plus-incentive-fee, cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to provide systems engineering and integration services in support of Trident II (D5) strategic weapons system, the SSGN attack weapon system, and nuclear weapon surety.  This contract contains options, which if exercised, will bring the contract value to a maximum dollar value of $368,716,147.  Work will be performed at Rockville, Maryland (70.6 percent); Washington, District of Columbia (14.7 percent); Kings Bay, Georgia (5.1 percent); Silverdale, Washington (2.7 percent); Norfolk, Virginia (1.5 percent);  San Diego, California (1.1 percent); Barrow, United Kingdom (1.1 Percent); Alexandria, Virginia (1.0 percent); Buffalo, New York (0.3 percent); Downington, Pennsylvania (0.3 percent); Ocala, Florida (0.2 percent); Pittsfield, Massachusetts (0.2 percent); Montgomery Village, Maryland (0.2 percent); New Lebanon, New York (0.2 percent); New Paris, Ohio (0.2 percent); Wexford, Pennsylvania (0.2 percent); Alton, Virginia (0.2 percent); Springfield, Virginia (0.2 percent), Vienna, Virginia (0.2 percent); and St. Mary’s, Georgia (0.2 percent), with an expected completion date of Sept. 30, 2017.  If all options are exercised, work will continue through Sept. 30, 2021.  Subject to availability of funds, fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $34,850,718; fiscal 2017 research development test and evaluation (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $10,080,290; and United Kingdom funds in the amount of $11,635,967 will be obligated on this award.  Contract funds in the amount of $34,850,718 will expire Sept. 30, 2017.  This contract was a sole-source acquisition in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) and (4).  Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity (N00030-17-C-0001).   General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc., Poway, California, is being awarded a $43,736,111 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract to conduct risk reduction activities in support of the MQ-25 Unmanned Carrier Aviation Air System, including refinement of concepts and development of trade space for requirements generation in advance of the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program.  Work will be performed in Poway, California (90 percent); Cedar Rapids, Iowa (5 percent); and Rancho Bernardo, California (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in October 2017.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $43,736,111 are being obligated at time of award; all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was not competitively procured pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity (N00019-16-C-0085).   The Boeing Co., Huntington Beach, California, is being awarded a $32,751,030 cost-plus-fixed-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee contract for labor, services, and materials for the Trident II (D-5) strategic weapon system’s inertial navigation equipment.  This contract contains options, which if exercised, will bring the contract value to a maximum dollar value of $88,915,274.  Work will be performed at Huntington Beach, California (67 percent); Heath, Ohio (24 percent); Carson, California (7 percent); Valhalla, New York (1 percent); and Blacksburg, Virginia (1 percent), with an expected completion date of Sept. 30, 2019.  If all options are exercised, work will continue through Sept. 30, 2020.  Subject to availability of funds, fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) contract funds in the amount of $26,922,730; United Kingdom funds in the amount of $3,020,308; and fiscal 2017 research development test and evaluation (Navy)  contract funds in the amount of  $2,807,992 will be obligated on this award.  Contract funds in the amount of $26,922,730 will expire Sept. 30, 2017.  This contract was a sole-source acquisition in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) and (4).  Strategic Systems Programs, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity (N00030-17-C-0002).   Quantum Imaging Inc.,* Colorado Springs, Colorado, is being awarded a $8,195,366 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract with a five-year ordering period for short-wave infrared camera assemblies; visible-near infrared camera, low-light scientific complementary metal-oxide semiconductor camera; repairs; and provisioning item order spare parts for the Multi-spectral Targeting System.  The short-wave infrared camera assemblies and visible-near infrared camera, low-light scientific complementary metal-oxide semiconductor cameras are part of the supplies required for the replacement and sustainment of the Multi-spectral Targeting System configurations that supports Navy, Army and Air Force aircraft.  These systems provide intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance, detection, identification and targeting capability in both day and night operations for both manned and unmanned platforms.  Work will be performed in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and is expected be complete by September 2021.  Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement (Navy) funding in the amount of $101,315 will be obligated at the time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract is being issued on a sole-source basis in accordance with the statutory authority of 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) as implemented by Federal Acquisition Regulation 6.302-1- only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane, Indiana, is the contracting activity (N00164-17-D-JQ65).   AIR FORCE   McCrone Associate Inc., Westmont, Illinois, has been awarded a $90,875,000 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract for non-personal services. Contractor will provide 24 hours per day, 365 days per year services for processing and analyzing particle samples for the Air Force Technical Application Center's nuclear treaty monitoring mission. Work will be performed at Westmont, Illinois, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2024. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,328,091 are being obligated at the time of award. Headquarters Air Combat Command Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA7022-17-D-0006).   Schafer Vallecitos Laboratories Inc., Sunol, California, has been awarded a $90,080,000 indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for non-personal services. Contractor will provide 24 hours per day, 365 days per year services for processing and analyzing particle samples for the Air Force Technical Application Center’s nuclear treaty monitoring mission. Work will be performed at Sunol, California, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2024. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,348,910 are being obligated at the time of award. Headquarters Air Combat Command Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA7022-17-D-0007).   Avosys Technology Inc., San Antonio, Texas,* has been awarded a $48,000,000 firm-fixed-price task order (0014) to previously awarded contract FA4877-15-D-B001 for clinical healthcare services. Contractor will provide health care workers, who will perform a full range of clinical support services. Work will be performed at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, and is expected to be complete by July 8, 2020. This award is the result of a competitive acquisition and 15 offers were received. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $5,625,300 are being obligated at the time of award. The 355th Contracting Squadron, Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, is the contracting activity.   The COLSA Corp., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $44,888,533 modification (P00005) to exercise the option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0031for technical and management advisory services including command, control, communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); and cyber support. Contractor will provide additional research, development, test and evaluation; and acquisition support services being provided under the basic task order. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Hanscom AFB, Massachusetts; Gunter Annex, Alabama; Patrick AFB, Florida; Edwards AFB, California: and San Antonio, Texas, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. This contract involves a small amount of foreign military sales. Fiscal 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; production; and operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,165,373 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity.   Northrop Grumman Systems Corp., Warner Robins, Georgia, has been awarded a $40,502,888 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for APN 241 Low Power Color Radar (LPCR). Contractor will provide depot level repair of the APN-241 LPCR used across multiple C-130 platforms. Work will be performed at Warner Robins, Georgia, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 29, 2026. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. No funds are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Sustainment Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity (FA8538-16-D-0014). (Awarded on Sept. 30, 2016)   The Boeing Co., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, has been awarded a $32,000,000 firm-fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed-fee, cost reimbursable, and time and materials contract for KC-10/KDC-10 engineering sustainment support. Contractor will provide engineering support services for sustainment of the operational, safety, suitability, and effectiveness of the structural and functional systems, subsystems and their components. Work will be performed at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and is expected to be complete by Dec. 31, 2017. This award is the result of a sole-source acquisition. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,099,895 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma, is the contracting activity (FA8105-17-D-0001).   DynCorp International LLC, Fort Worth, Texas, has been awarded a $27,472,250 modification (P00299) to previously awarded contract FA4890-08-C-0004 for maintenance and repair of government furnished facilities and property while meeting environmental compliance requirements. When requested, the contractor shall provide exercise and contingency logistics support by performing all aspects of serviceability check, deployment out-load, in transit visibility, receipt, set-up, inventory, sustainment, condition sampling, redeployment or onward movement of assets and systems, assist in tear-down and subsequent reconstitution, refurbishment, and storage of war reserve materials assets and system. Work will be performed in Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, United Arab Emirates, and Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina, and is expected to be complete by Jan. 31, 2017. Fiscal 2017 Overseas Contingency Operations funds in the amount of $27,066,636 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Combat Command, Acquisitions Management and Integration Center, Langley AFB, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   Bevilacqua Research Corp., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $25,876,919 modification (P00006) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0033 for technical and management advisory services. Contractor will provide additional diverse research, development, test and evaluation, and acquisition support services. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Hurlburt Field, Florida; Nellis AFB, Nevada; Joint Base Lewis McChord, Washington; and Edwards AFB, California, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2015, 2016 and 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; and procurement funds in the amount of $4,459,341 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity.   QuantiTech Inc., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $25,716,024 modification (P00008) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0034 for technical and management advisory services for range support. Contractor will provide additional research, development, test and evaluation, and acquisition support services being provided under the basic task order. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; Arnold AFB, Tennessee, Hickam AFB, Hawaii, Holloman AFB, New Mexico, and Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 research, development, test and evaluation; production; and operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $8,860,209 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity.   The Torch Technologies Inc., Huntsville, Alabama, has been awarded a $24,323,545 modification (P00006) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA2486-16-F-0030 for technical and management advisory services for armament support. Contractor will provide diverse research, development, technical, test and evaluation, and acquisition support services being provided under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; and Kirkland AFB, New Mexico, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2016 and 2017 production; and research and development funds in the amount of $6,145,397 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Test Center, Eglin AFB, Florida, is the contracting activity (FA2486-16-F-0030).   The Pacific Architects & Engineers Inc., Marlton, New Jersey, has been awarded a $20,611,445 modification (A00109) to previously awarded contract FA3002-09-C-003 for civil engineering services. Contractor will provide all labor, supplies, materials, parts, supervision, and other items or services necessary to perform the management and operation of the base operating support services, and civil engineering. Work will be performed at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas; Frederick Airfield, Oklahoma; and Lake Texoma, Texas, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $5,186,784 are being obligated at the time of award. The 82nd Contracting Squadron, Sheppard AFB, Texas, is the contracting activity (FA3002-09-C-003).   TRI-COR Industries Inc., Lanham, Maryland,* has been awarded a $17,819,945 task order (0009) to previously awarded contract FA4452-13-D-0002 for Applications, Infrastructure and Systems Support, Increment 2 (AISS II) services. Contractor will conduct technical and support tasks associated with the infrastructure and applications support, information assurance, testing, configuration management, and training in support of the Mobility Air Force Command and Control and In-Transit Visibility/Business Systems. Work will be performed at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, and is expected to be complete by April 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 transportation working capital; and operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $17,819,945 are being obligated at the time of award. The 763rd Specialized Contracting Squadron, Scott AFB, Illinois, is the contracting activity.   Force 3 LLC, Crofton, Maryland, has been awarded an $11,373,470 modification (02) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA8732-14-D-0005-Q50101 for Land Mobile Radio hardware and accessories. Contractor will provide additional quantity of 4,888 items being produced under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany; Lajes Field, Portugal; Moron AB, Spain; Royal Air Force Lakenheath AB, United Kingdom; Aviano AB, Italy; Spangdahlem AB, Germany; RAF Mildenhall, United Kingdom; RAF Alconbury, United Kingdom; and RAF Croughton, United Kingdom. Work is expected to be complete by Nov. 30, 2016. Fiscal 2016 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $11,373,470 are being obligated at the time of award. The 764 Specialized Contracting Squadron, Kapuan Air Station, Germany, is the contracting activity (FA8732-14-D-0005-Q50101). (Awarded on Sept. 30, 2016)   M1 Support Services, Denton, Texas, has been awarded a $10,498,529 modification (A00015) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA3002-15-C-0006 for ground instructional training aircraft, historical static display aircraft, trainers, support equipment, aerospace ground equipment, and munitions trainer maintenance services. Work will be performed at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas; and Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida, and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $2,624,632 are being obligated at the time of award for October-December. The 82d Contracting Squadron, Sheppard AFB, Texas, is the contracting activity.   Force 3 LLC, Crofton, Maryland, has been awarded a $9,999,999 modification (01) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA8732-14-D-0005-Q50101 for Land Mobile Radio hardware and accessories. Contractor will provide an additional quantity of 7,172 items being produced under the basic contract. Work will be performed at Ramstein Air Base, Germany; Lajes Field, Portugal; Moron AB, Spain; Royal Air Force Lakenheath, United Kingdom; Aviano AB, Italy; Spangdahlem AB, Germany; RAF Mildenhall, UK; RAF Alconbury, UK and RAF Croughton, UK, and is expected to be complete by Nov. 30, 2016. Fiscal 2016 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $9,999,999 are being obligated at the time of award. The 764 Specialized Contracting Squadron, Kapuan Air Station, Germany, is the contracting activity. (Awarded on Sept. 30, 2016)   BGI LLC, Akron, Ohio, has been awarded a $7,424,343 modification (P00035) to exercise an option on previously awarded contract FA4890-13-C-0008 for the EC-130H and A-10 contract aircrew training and courseware development. This modification adds the first increment of funds for fiscal 2016. Work will be performed at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona; and Moody AFB, Georgia, and is expected to be completed by Sept. 30, 2017. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds in the amount of $775,611 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Combat Command - Acquisition Management and Integration Center, Langley AFB, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY   CORRECTION: The contract awarded to CareFusion, San Diego, California, on Sept. 30, 2016, was incorrectly identified as HT0011-16-A-0001. The announcement should have listed the contract as HT0011-16-A-0002. All other information in the announcement was correct.   *Small business News News Articles Posted 07/24/2015 Casualty Releases Posted 07/24/2015 Press Advisories Posted 07/24/2015 News Transcripts Posted 07/24/2015 Publications Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Contracts Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Messages Posted 07/24/2015 Special Reports Posted 07/24/2015 Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Testimony Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Posted 07/24/2015 Speeches Posted 07/24/2015 Photos Posted 07/24/2015 Photos/Videos Photo Essays Posted 07/24/2015 Week in Photos Posted 07/24/2015 DoD Video News Posted 07/24/2015 Other Pentagon Press Badges Posted 07/24/2015 Press/Media Queries Posted 07/24/2015 Military Commissions Posted 07/24/2015 Other News Sources Posted 07/24/2015 Recent Contracts Contracts for 11/17/2016 Contracts for 11/16/2016 Contracts for 11/15/2016 Contracts for 11/14/2016 Contracts for 11/10/2016 Contracts for 11/09/2016 Contracts for 11/08/2016 Contracts for 11/07/2016 Contracts for 11/04/2016 Contracts for 11/03/2016 Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Gearburn Incisive reviews for the gadget obsessed Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe News Geek Culture Competition Humour Infographic Memes Online Fun Podcasts TV & Movies Viral videos Tech Big Tech Apple Google Microsoft Bio Technology Future Trends General Tech Innovation Interviews Security Space Technology Virtual & Augmented Reality Social Media Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Snapchat Twitter WhatsApp YouTube Digital All Stars Digital Media Advertising & Marketing Online journalism Online media Mobile Android iOS Apps Jobs MenuNews Geek Culture -Competition -Humour -Infographic -Memes -Online Fun -Podcasts -TV & Movies -Viral videos Tech -Big Tech --Apple --Google --Microsoft -Bio Technology -Future Trends -General Tech -Innovation -Interviews -Security -Space Technology -Virtual & Augmented Reality Social Media -Facebook -Instagram -LinkedIn -Snapchat -Twitter -WhatsApp -YouTube Digital All Stars Digital Media -Advertising & Marketing -Online journalism -Online media Mobile -Android -iOS -Apps Jobs Trending 10 WhatsApp tricks you should know about Saxonwold Shebeen: South Africa’s hilarious new meme Johannesburg floods: here’s what Twitter and Instagram captured Groupon South Africa is dead: here’s what will happen to your orders Richard Branson praises Pravin Gordhan in Cape Town Pornhub reportedly buying Vine? Because ‘six seconds is more than enough’ Update: DDoS attack on Dyn DNS leaves internet crippled Trends / Space Technology / United Nations to launch its first space mission By Hadlee Simons on 29 September, 2016 HadleeSimons Share The United Nations (UN) has teamed up with private space firm Sierra Nevada Corporation to launch the UN’s first space mission. The mission, announced at the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, is meant to help developing nations launch their own payloads, the space firm announced in a press statement. As for a host spacecraft, payloads will be lifted into orbit via Sierra Nevada’s unmanned Dream Chaser “orbital vehicle”, being similar to Boeing’s X37B unmanned spaceplane. “The dedicated Dream Chaser mission is targeted at providing developing countries the opportunity to develop and fly microgravity payloads for an extended duration in orbit; however, all United Nations Member States will be able to propose payloads for the mission,” Sierra Nevada explained. The UN and Sierra Nevada mission potentially opens the door for spacecraft to land in UN member states What about the date for the first UN mission, then? “The first-ever United Nations space mission is intended to launch in 2021 and will allow United Nations Member States to participate in a 14-day flight to low-Earth orbit on SNC’s Dream Chaser spacecraft.” Countries chosen to provide a payload will need to pay a portion of the costs for the mission, but “major sponsors” are also being sought to pay for most of the costs. These payloads will be chosen in 2018, giving ample time for the load to be developed and integrated into the host spacecraft ahead of the 2021 launch. Sierra Nevada claims that the Dream Chaser will be able to land at spaceports and even commercial airports. “This offers the opportunity to land the United Nations mission in any licensed Member State supplying a payload on the mission. SNC is currently working with airports and spaceports to be granted a Federal Aviation Administration reentry license for  commercial Dream Chaser missions.” Author | Hadlee Simons Terrible puns make Hadlee Simons difficult to work with, but he brings almost seven years of tech journalism experience to the table. When he's not at work or watching motorsport, he's in the foetal position on a jiu jitsu mat. More RELATED Closest supermoon set for today – watch for spring tide Supermoon: NASA photographer gives shooting tips Astronauts have voted in the 2016 US elections BurnCast Subscribe via email SHARE Popular Latest Comments | November 18, 2016 10 WhatsApp tricks you should know about | November 18, 2016 Saxonwold Shebeen: South Africa’s hilarious new meme | November 18, 2016 Johannesburg floods: here’s what Twitter and Instagram captured | November 18, 2016 Groupon South Africa is dead: here’s what will happen to your orders | November 18, 2016 Richard Branson praises Pravin Gordhan in Cape Town | November 18, 2016 Pornhub reportedly buying Vine? Because ‘six seconds is more than enough’ | November 18, 2016 Update: DDoS attack on Dyn DNS leaves internet crippled Andy Walker: Gearburn Editor | November 18, 2016 Airbnb Trips: is it the future of travel and tourism? Larry Alton | November 18, 2016 3 ways virtual reality will become a major part of our future ShowMax | November 18, 2016 5 reasons you need Showmax in your life – right now [Sponsored] Hadlee Simons | November 17, 2016 Uber by the numbers in South Africa, Kenya & Nigeria Hadlee Simons | November 17, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to save your old photo albums Rick Vanover | November 17, 2016 Balancing security and availability: the key to managing the ICT divide Staff Reporter | November 17, 2016 Drone racing could be South Africa’s next big sport Orionsangel says: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0axvGTsT9U... ktown says: as per usual the Lumia trashes any other smar... Hadlee Simons says: Hey Dan! As I told the above reader, I'm no... Hadlee Simons says: Hey there Leon, Sorry for that! So, I'm not... leonffs says: In which of these examples did you tweak the ... Carl Kwena says: Great article and good advice for consumers! ... Commercial Director at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) PHP Wordpress Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Mid - Snr Digital Copywriter at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Digital Designer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) C# .NET Developer at Hire Resolve (Johannesburg) Senior Digital Designer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Digital/UI Designer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg North) DTP Graphic Designer at Recruit Digital (Durban) Mid level Designer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Digital Designer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Memeburn focuses on everything digital in the emerging markets sphere. More about us here Copyright © Memeburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Space Technology SpaceX reveals interplanetary rocket, spaceship Read More »
News Business Counties Sports Blogs & Opinion Life and Style Videos News Politics Africa World Latest News Wangethi Mwangi sworn in as member of media commission MPs urge Ngilu to drop bid for governor Uhuru to get names for top EACC post in a week East Africa assembly to debate bills on gender, plastics in Nairobi Business Corporates Enterprise Technology Seeds of Gold Latest Business State bets on new pest-proof storage bags to reduce maize wastage GE Africa celebrates breast cancer awareness month Big GE digital acquisition uses cloud analytics to keep machines in GE Africa and USADF launch 2017 Off-Grid Energy Challenge for women Counties Coast Eastern Mount Kenya Northern North Rift South Rift Nyanza-Kisii Western Latest Counties Mutua to Kalonzo: I will sue you Governor, MP supporters clash in Nyeri Kenyans lie during data collection, KNBS says MP wants residents issued with title deeds Sports Football Athletics Rugby Golf Others TalkUp Latest Sports Kenya beat Hong Kong in World Cricket League Championship Top drivers enter inaugural Rift 1000 Classic Rally USIU, Wings clash for semi-final slot Water retain league title, eye regional crown Blogs & Opinion Blogs Commentaries Editorial Cartoons Latest Blogs & Opinion FRANCESCHI: Lying on social media pays good money - that should worry ARUNGA: There’s still no leading candidate for Nairobi governor MATHIU: Paradigm shift in Kenyan politics needed MUREITHI: Conferencing will help diversify tourism Life and Style Art & Culture Family Health Showbiz Travel Women & Style Magazines Latest Life and Style Why settle for one job when you can have two? ASK HR: My boss takes credit for my work ASK HR: I wish I could get feedback, any feedback... ASK HR: Colleagues say that I am having an affair with our CEO Videos = Home News We are back in business after weekend hitches - KQ Tuesday October 4 2016 email print Kenya Airways CEO Mbuvi Ngunze listens to an address by one of the participants of an AGM at KQ Pride Centre on September 29, 2016. It said in a statement that operational snags that caused the weekend delays had been addressed. PHOTO | DIANA NGILA | NATION MEDIA GROUP  In Summary A spot check indicated that a flight from Dar es Salaam was on Monday delayed for nearly two hours. The weekend disruptions came barely a fortnight after a bird strike and a tyre burst crippled operations. Advertisement The loss-making national carrier Kenya Airways on Monday said its flight schedule had normalised following a chaotic weekend of long delays and a cancellation. It said in a statement that operational snags that caused the weekend delays had been addressed. “We would like to confirm that only one flight was cancelled yesterday (Sunday),” said the airline’s statement. “However, we had delays on the Mombasa operations for KQ 608/9 and the afternoon Jambojet flights. “Jambojet was experiencing non-availability of two aircraft, which led to significant delays. “On the long-haul network, one of our B787 Dreamliners last week experienced a technical problem in Hanoi, Vietnam. This was the first time this particular event had occurred on the worldwide 787 fleet and we had to seek the assistance of Boeing to solve it.” Related Content Duale to lay complaints of flight delays before House A spot check, however, indicated that a flight from Dar es Salaam was on Monday delayed for nearly two hours. The weekend disruptions came barely a fortnight after a bird strike and a tyre burst crippled operations. Passengers booked on flights mainly to Mombasa and Ukunda, including those of its budget subsidiary Jambojet, were delayed for several hours. The airline attributed the hitch to an engine problem that took longer than expected to fix. This, coupled with the puncture on the September 18 flight from Entebbe, resulted in a knock-on effect that delayed multiple flights. It came under regulatory scrutiny following the tyre burst incident. Kenya Airways reported a net loss of Sh26.2 billion in the year ended March 2016. A number of pilots and engineers have left the carrier for better-paying jobs as the airline struggles to dig itself out of a financial abyss. Mbuvi Ngunze, the Kenya Airways chief executive, blamed the employees’ shrinkage to poaching of skilled staff by Middle East airlines, which are offering lucrative perks and salaries to the highly trained specialists. He said at the airline’s annual general meeting last week that the number of pilots now stands at 460 and while the number of engineers is 600. email print Related Stories Mon Oct 03 00:13:00 EAT 2016 Duale to lay complaints of flight delays before House Kenya Airways said in its twitter account that all flights are operational but one. In the headlines MPs urge Ngilu to drop bid for governor The legislators promised to campaign for Ngilu if she agrees to vie for the senate seat. Mutua to Kalonzo: I will sue you Mr Kiala's daughter was on Wednesday found unhurt at her boyfriend's house in Kasarani, Nairobi. CJ Maraga startles staff at Kakamega courthouse   Legal battle brewing between Passaris and Miguna Universities to lose charters over graft - Matiang'i Uhuru to get names for top EACC post in a week Kenneth quits his party, readies to launch bid for Nairobi governorship Dozens killed in Mozambique fuel truck blast Advertisement Latest News Business State bets on new pest-proof storage bags to reduce maize wastage   Kitui Mutua to Kalonzo: I will sue you   Cricket Kenya beat Hong Kong in World Cricket League Championship   Muranga Governor, MP supporters clash in Nyeri   Motorsports Top drivers enter inaugural Rift 1000 Classic Rally   Basketball USIU, Wings clash for semi-final slot   Other Sports Water retain league title, eye regional crown   Advertisement Latest Nairobi News LATEST NTV VIDEOS Know your Starlets: Left back Wendy Achieng’ has 26 national caps Sofapaka’s Noah Abich is KPL’s player of October Palm oil Declaration: Deal to mitigate negative effects of palm oil production signed Five shortlisted for position of new IEBC chairperson Government extends deadline for closure of Dadaab camp Watch More Videos Contact Us FAQ E-papers About Us Business Daily Daily Monitor Nairobi News NTV The Citizen The EastAfrican
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 5 Vendors of the Global UAV Landing Gear Market from 2016-2020, by Technavio 03.10.2016 | 20:23 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 5 Vendors of the Global UAV Landing Gear Market from 2016-2020, by Technavio Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) landing gear marketreport until 2020. This research report also lists four other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Geographically, the global UAV landing gear market in APAC will record the highest growth rate of almost 19% during the forecast period. Increasing insurgency and territorial disputes have resulted in high investments in the indigenous development of UAVs and associated components in Asian countries including China, Vietnam, South Korea, India, and Japan. Also, the ability of several Chinese companies such as DJI to supply low-cost commercial and hobbyist UAVs will raise the demand for associated components in the region. Competitive vendor landscape The global UAV landing gear market is highly competitive with many prominent vendors competing for augmenting their market share. Owing to the stringent safety and regulatory norms, coupled with high investments requirements, entry of new vendors can get restricted during the forecast period. According to Arushi Thakur, an industry expert at Technavio for aerospace componentsresearch, "The rapid adoption of UAVs in the commercial and civil application is driving the UAV component providers to develop and supply cost-efficient landing gears that can enhance the operation capability of small UAVs Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=52506 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five UAV landing gear market vendors Aero Telemetry Aero Telemetry offers hydraulically actuated landing gears and associated subsystems for UAVs. The company manufactures and supplies both fixed and retractable landing gears for medium and large remotely piloted aircraft. It has designed several mission-critical UAVs, including the Boeing and NASA's X-48 Blended Wing Body UAV. Aero Telemetry primarily offers retractable landing gear systems that are designed for UAV airframes weighing over 200 pounds. The largest retractable landing gear system that the company offers is capable of operating with UAV airframes of 3,000 pounds. CIRCOR International CIRCOR International, through its aerospace subsidiary, CIRCOR Aerospace, provides fluidic control and undercarriage components, as well as subsystems for aerospace and defense industry. Its services division engages in the designing of aircraft landing gear and components, which comprises designing and manufacture of landing gear ship sets and associated components such as spares parts. Fiber Dynamics Fiber Dynamics collaborates with many UAV manufacturers and provides them assistance in UAV manufacturing. For example, in 2014, the company partnered with General Atomics (a major UAV supplier) for the design and manufacture of advanced landing gear struts for its Predator B MQ-9 Reaper UAVs. Since then, the company has been manufacturing landing struts by casting the core from its proprietary composite material, namely Thermocore. These are manufactured by employing LCRTM system, which helps in reducing the weight and cost of each landing struts, as well as enhances the structural integrity by ensuring superior absorption capability of the landing loads. GE Aviation GE Aviation designs, manufactures, and supplies landing gear struts predominantly for X-47B UAVs. These UAVs are used for the Unmanned Combat Air System Carrier Demonstration program of the US Navy. Since 2009, the company has been providing such landing gears to the Northrop Grumman (the company that manufactures X-47B UAVs). The landing gear of the X-47B UAV is designed to address the challenges of takeoffs and arrested landings on the aircraft carriers of the US. Navy. The company is also responsible for the qualification of such integrated landing gear systems. Héroux-Devtek Héroux-Devtek designs and manufactures complex landing gear and associated components for UAV platforms. The company had designed and developed landing gear sub-systems for Global Hawk UAVs (manufactured by Northrop Grumman) that are currently operated by the US Air Force. Héroux-Devtek also provides landing gear systems for the X-45C unmanned combat aircraft developed by Boeing in 2002. Top-vendor offerings Company Products Aero Telemetry Corp. Retractable main landing gears for UAV Circor Aerospace Inc. Actuation systems Hydraulic control Landing gears Sensors Speed transducers Fiber Dynamics Inc. UAV fan duct UAV flap and aileron UAV landing gear strut GE Aviation Aerostructures UAV landing gear systems Héroux-Devtek Inc. Actuation systems Landing gears Source: Technavio Browse Related Reports: Global Electronic Warfare Market 2016-2020 Global VTOL UAV Market 2016-2020 Global Multirotor UAV Market 2015-2019 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161003005791/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas Where Are All the Startups? By Caroline Houck Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One Read bio October 3, 2016 Topics Industry AUSA AA Font size + Print There are more than 600 exhibitors at this year's annual meeting of the Association of the United States Army. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Caroline Houck Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One Read bio October 3, 2016 Pentagon leaders regularly tout Silicon Valley innovation, but entrepreneurs seem largely absent from the largest defense industry events. Wander the exhibit floors of the military’s largest conferences this fall, and you’ll see everything from ground combat vehicles to veteran-trained service dogs, from bit players hawking flooring for overseas installations to industry giants showing off futuristic ideas. One thing you won’t see much of, if at all? Startups. Pentagon leaders regularly laud Silicon Valley-esque companies and have repeatedly said that harnessing entrepreneurs’ innovative ideas is crucial to the U.S. military’s qualitative edge. Just this month, Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced the Pentagon will be opening a third Defense Innovation Unit Experimental facility in Austin. But that praise—and a planned $65 million in investments funneled through DIUx—have yet to translate to booths on the ground. At the Air Force Association’s annual Air, Space and Cyber conference last month, for example, none of the 120-plus exhibitors were what might conventionally be called a startup. “Why would you expect to see a millennial at the opera?” said Air Force Gen. Ellen Pawlikowski, who leads Air Force Materiel Command. “By that I mean, the forum that’s here for AFA, a booth concept, is not the environment that the entrepreneurial community they engage with is one that they come to. It’s not of interest to them.” Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. A smattering of small businesses That’s not to say that there aren’t small businesses at AFA and the other large conferences, tucked amid the sprawling exhibits from the likes of Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman. This week’s Association of the United States Army conference has a program, now in its fourth year, that grants small businesses a membership-free trial exhibit at the show, AUSA Industry Affairs Director Michael Scanlan said. This year, the program accounts for more than 80 of AUSA’s 600-plus exhibitors. It doesn’t specifically target startups, because “that’s not how I look at the market,” Scanlan said. What matters is the company’s interest in working with the defense industry, not its age, growth plans, or a self-designation as a startup, he said. “We’ve had a steady stream of interest from smaller, more nimble companies,” Scanlan said. “We try to provide the Army with an opportunity to talk to small businesses and learn from them.” But even though small businesses generate innovative ideas and can share characteristics with startups, the two are not synonymous, the Air Force’s Pawlikowski said. It’s the younger, entrepreneurial startups that are even less likely to be found at traditional industry conferences. Only a handful of the companies in AUSA’s three small business pavilions, for example, were created in the last decade. Hurdles to participating Part of it’s a financial calculation. Larger defense contractors can easily account for the time and resources it takes to develop and man a sufficiently impressive booth for a three-day show, said Andrew Borene, a management consultant with executive experience both at IBM and a microrobotics startup. That becomes a difficult calculus for small, cash-strapped startups. “When you’re talking about those massive-scale shows, they’re long shows, sometimes three or more days,” Borene said. “If you’re a lean startup, you’re not only paying for booth space, you’re taking sellers out of the field for that time. There are small businesses, but they’re generally across that five-year operating hump, they’re not really quite a startup business. Typically they’re there because they have enough operating capacity and stabilized capital.” Then there’s the cost of the space itself. A 10-by-10-foot plot, the smallest stand offered at both AUSA and AFA’s conferences, runs about $5,000—before membership dues to either organization. Though it’s not significantly more than the thousands it costs to exhibit at a few of the biggest tech conferences or innovation-focused events like SXSW, it’s orders of magnitude greater than the fees for a number of startup-oriented conferences. Companies have to decide to invest that capital relatively far in advance as well. A week after AFA’s conference wrapped up, they had already sold 83 percent of the floor space available next year, according to an official. Medium-term prospects like that, as well as the longer-term investments in industry association memberships, aren’t always possible for small businesses and startups, Scanlan said. “It’s challenging for a small business,” he said. “Their business cycles move so fast.” And purchasing booth space a year in advance is one of the shorter lead times startups will encounter when working with the military industrial complex. Protracted acquisition timelines and complicated regulations can turn off entrepreneurs who might otherwise be interested in working with the military, said Gen. Paul Selva, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. “There are startup companies that are interacting with the department and with the Air Force,” Selva said, speaking on an AFA panel with Pawlikowski. “But they don’t find themselves comfortable in the environment we’ve created. They are not comfortable inside the Federal Acquisition Regulations, and they’re certainly not comfortable on the long lead time and very long development cycles that we normally bring to programs.” Hidden, but not entirely absent One way to “see” startups on the floor? Look to the products and innovations the biggest companies are displaying. The largest contractors play an integrating role with the rest of the industry, from collaborating on specific offerings to sponsoring startup incubators, said Bernie Skoch, the coordinator of the AFA conference. “If you stroll the booths…you’re not going to see [startups’] logos or their brands on the floor necessarily,” he said. “But a lot of the integrators, each one of the primes, they partner with startups, small businesses, those non-traditional companies.” For those startups not already wrapped into one of the big contractors’ fold, purchasing exhibit space is the most visible way to participate at the large conferences, but it’s not the only one. Skoch said a number of small businesses and startups have connected with the association’s other members by sponsoring a panel or tables at the receptions, although AFA does not make those sponsorship lists public. And multiple sources said walking the floor as an attendee—rather than exhibiting on it—can prove just as fruitful for smaller-staffed startups. “I have seen people from companies that are small and in startup phase buying a full access ticket and having a lot of success,” Borene said. “That’s the other reason you’re not seeing them on the exhibit floor. It’s a guerrilla tactic…a smart startup CEO is leveraging every angle.” Another viable option is one of any of the shorter conferences outside the D.C. Beltway that still provide a “safe, ethical means for startups to get access” to military leaders, acquisition officials and potential partners, Borene said. “If you’re a small [company], you kind of have to be a contrarian—you’ll get drowned at AUSA,” Borene said. “But if you go to some of the smaller ones, they tend to be a day or at most two days, so you’re not burning resources manning a booth.” Meeting in the middle Whether it’s through formal exhibits or informal conversations at AUSA’s or AFA’s summits, a DIUx award, or another avenue, the military has to find environments in which startups are comfortable, Selva said. “What we have to do, and what we have been doing is trying to nurture relationships with those small companies by placing bets and asking them hard questions and giving them some time to chew on them,” Selva said. That increased engagement with small entrepreneurs might not translate to a significantly larger startup presence on the exhibit floor, or even a desire for it. Though the AFA hasn’t wrapped up its post-conference survey from attendees and exhibitors, Skoch said they hadn’t yet received any feedback requesting a greater startup presence on the floor. “We haven’t completely tabulated the data, but what we heard from the exhibitors is this was one of the most engaged years, the busiest they’ve seen the floor,” he said. “I have not heard a specific desire for non-traditional exhibitors.” Recognizing the difficulties startups face when engaging with the large-scale conferences, the Air Force and other services have started to meet them where they’re most comfortable instead, Pawlikowski said. “We have to reach out to the forums they’re participating in,” she said. “I, personally, out in Los Angeles participated in a venture capitalist conference to talk about space … After I participated in a panel, I had about a dozen venture capitalists come up to me, wanting [me] to know that they had entrepreneurs that were interested in getting involved.” Outreach like that is starting to return dividends, Borene said. Startups may not be expressing their interest by purchasing booths at the massive industry events, but they are expressing it. He pointed to organizations like Eastern Foundry, which has created a homebase with office space and resources just down the road from the Pentagon for startups interested in the defense sector. “The Pentagon, with its giant bureaucracy, is making all of the right moves in embracing and getting out to the clusters of ingenuity in the civilian sector, and on the other side, you’re seeing those entrepreneurs aggregating here in DC in order to start addressing that need,” Borene said. “The macro trends are all moving in the right direction to start seeing innovation in the defense industrial base.” Caroline Houck is an Atlantic Media fellow at Defense One. Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 Decision Time: Half of US F-15s Need Overhauls — Or Retirement 2 Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia 3 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Next » America's National Security Trilemma — and How to Solve It Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous GM Has Built A Stealth Truck for the Army Next » America's National Security Trilemma — and How to Solve It Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Home News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream 62° F Few Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National Election Results National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines RTA will provide free rides all Thanksgiving Day Updated: 36 mins ago RTA said Friday as a way to say thank you to the Miami Valley and support access to Dayton’s Feast of Giving Dinner, the Greater Dayton RTA … Tests show high lead levels in water at 60 Cleveland schools Updated: 46 mins ago All but nine of the buildings checked had water fixtures with elevated lead readings, the district said Friday. Ohio unemployment rises slightly in October Updated: 50 mins ago Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles for fuel leak, wiper problems 8:48 am Trump tweets about Ford decision on auto plans 9:07 am Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 62° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 62° F Wind: SSW 17 Humidity: 50% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 7:25 AM Sunset: 5:17 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Reds legend Johnny Bench launches anti-bullying app 6:49 am The Hall of Fame catcher is teaming up with Smithfield Foods to provide an app for teachers and administrators to connect with parents. Ohio State holds off Providence 72-67 4:32 am JaQuan Lyle scored 20 points to lead the Buckeyes past the Friars. Cincinnati Reds to play ‘Futures’ game in Dayton November 17, 2016 Ohio State moves up to 2 in CFB Playoff rankings November 15, 2016 Flyers beat ‘Bama, but may have lost Cunningham November 15, 2016 Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Table 33 November 17, 2016 Nite at the Races November 17, 2016 The Greater Dayton Apartment Association’s charitable arm, “The Rent Foundation,” is again hosting a “Nite at the Races” event on Friday nig… Thanksgiving Travel November 17, 2016 Christmas at EnterTRAINment Junction November 17, 2016 Great American Smoke Out November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Food For Friends Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Live Stream Search for: Search the site 62° F Few Clouds Hi: 74° F Lo: 40° F Nearly 100 companies looking for talent at career fair By Paul Rodzinka Published: October 3, 2016, 11:18 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: Courtesy Cedarville University) CEDARVILLE, Ohio (WDTN) – One of the largest career fairs in Greene County will be held Wednesday at Cedarville University. Cedarville University said Monday they will host the Fall Career Fair with nearly 100 companies in attendance in the Doden Field House. The event happens Wednesday, October 5 and will run from 11:00 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. The event is open to the public. Some of the companies that will be looking for talent include Proctor and Gamble, General Electric, The Boeing Company, Honda and Walgeens. Well-known local companies including Reynolds and Reynolds, LexisNexis and Speedway also plan to send representatives. “This is definitely an opportunity for students of all levels of experience to sharpen their professional networking and interviewing skills, which will better position them to gain internship experience and full-time job offers in the future,” said Jeff Reep, director of career services. Several industries will also be represented including health care, sales, engineering, retail and data communication. Government agencies will also be at the fair including the FBI, according to the University. You can find more information about the Fall Career Fair, including a list of companies planning to attend by going to the Cedarville website. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts AAA wants to hire 12 people to help drivers this winter Role of the church in addressing the opioid epidemic Dayton area retailer adding 30 people per store 2016 Veterans Day events in the Miami Valley Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Friday, November 18, 2016 Home Latest News Off Beat Pictorial World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Off Beat - Pictorial - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home Latest News Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Kenya Airways explains flight delays, says problems solved Oct. 03, 2016, 6:00 pm By PATRICK VIDIJA @vidijapatrick Kenya Airways planes are seen parked at Jomo Kenyatta International airport in Nairobi during a pilots strike organised by Kenya Airline Pilots Association. FILE/REUTERS Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email Only one Kenya Airways flight was cancelled on Sunday due to technical hitches, the airline has said, dismissing reports of a grimmer situation. A statement on Monday denied reports that more than 24 flights were cancelled and others delayed for more than eight hours over the weekend. Thousands of passengers, including former politician Kenneth Matiba and National Assembly majority leader Aden Duale, were stranded at the JKIA in Nairobi. Read: Flight delays cause travel hell at JKIA, passengers stranded Sources said KQ told passengers of an “imminent delay due to technical reasons”, but the national carrier said hitches were addressed. “Kenya Airways wishes to reassure its passengers that the operational challenges experienced over the weekend, that led to inadvertent delays, have been addressed,” read the statement. The statement said KQ experienced delays on the Mombasa operations for KQ 608/9 and the afternoon Jambojet flights. "Jambojet was experiencing non-availability of two aircraft, which led to significant delays. These flights were fully recovered albeit inconvenience to our flying guests," the airline said. KQ further noted said that one of the airline’s B787 Dreamliners experienced a technical problem in Hanoi, Vietnam, last week. It said this was the first of such an occurrence on the worldwide 787 fleet, and that Boeing's assistant had to be sought. Boeing representatives and the airline's engineering support team looked into the problem but it took long for operations to be restored, the statement said. As part of the recovery of operations from Hanoi, the airline said it experienced some problems with getting its guests re-booked to other flights and carriers. “Our guests on this disrupted flight have or will receive a letter with background information, as well as a reasonable compensation for this disruption," KQ said. "On behalf of the Kenya Airways group, we apologise most sincerely to all our guests whose journeys were disrupted and assure you of our continuing focus on schedule integrity." The troubled airline said it operates 150 flights a day and that the 'On Time Performance' for the week ending Sunday stood at 73 per cent for the entire network and 81 per cent domestically. There had been speculation that the airline's technical department was on a go-slow over poor management. Duale earlier demanded an explanation from managers, saying they needed to face National Assembly's transport committee to explain flight delays. More on this: Duale wants KQ bosses to face transport committee after flight delays Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Poll of the day Must read FactCheck: Has Kiambu County Doubled its Revenue to Sh4.7 billion? Rutto Bomet rally to launch Super Alliance World vasectomy day promotes quick, safe and reversible birth control method Don’t be shaken by men like Miguna, Passaris tells women Hero's welcome awaits Rutto on arrival from South Africa [VIDEO] Outrage after Miguna, Passaris rape talk video on JKL emerges Latest News African giant rats to help 'sniff out' wildlife poachers Judiciary executive charged with demanding Sh2,000 bribe Raila set for breakfast meeting with people living with disabilities [AUDIO] Mutua to sue Kalonzo for linking him to Kiala daughter's 'kidnap' 'Young Killers' teen gang wreaking havoc in Likoni MP Mwaura lashes out at Raila after name removed from party register Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting Jobs in Kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Casual Jobs in Nairobi Clerical Jobs in Kenya Customer Service Jobs in Kenya Electrical engineering Jobs in Kenya Human Resource management Jobs in Kenya Receptionist Jobs in Nairobi Insurance salvage cars for sale in Kenya Popular in Latest news 1 See what is inside Sh10 million health container 2 Selection panel shortllists five candidates for IEBC chair 3 Dilemma for ODM as Senator Orengo joins race for Siaya governor 4 7 KCSE candidates, principal nabbed over cheating at Bungoma school Popular in National news 1 Cord claims IEBC, Ruto, Mucheru in secret talks 2 Muthama skips Wiper NEC as the party plays down tiff with Kalonzo 3 Kenya snubs ICC meeting in ‘silent protest’ 4 Kassachoon questioned by the EACC Popular in Business news 1 Our business is sound, Family Bank boss dispels rumours 2 State defends plan to tax motorists twice for road Popular in Sport news 1 Starlets upbeat ahead of show 2 Kenya to send 25 to CANA Zone Four Championships in Zimbabwe next year. 3 Hull City coaches to name 50 elite players for camp 4 Bailey, Samman, Hakada win 2016 titles after RSC season-ender Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2016 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion Robert Ferris | @RobertoFerris Monday, 3 Oct 2016 | 10:48 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Morgan Brennan reports the latest on possible sabotage of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket that exploded on the launch pad.</p> Sabotage speculation gathers around SpaceX explosion    Monday, 3 Oct 2016 | 10:52 AM ET | 02:46 Rumors of potential sabotage are gathering around the investigation of the explosion during a recent SpaceX launch test. SpaceX has been investigating the early September failure of a Falcon 9 rocket that caught fire and exploded on a Cape Canaveral launch pad just days before it was scheduled to launch. The Washington Post reported on Friday that the inquiry has taken a "bizarre twist," suggesting SpaceX is considering sabotage a possible cause of the explosion. According to the Post, a SpaceX employee sought access to facilities belonging to SpaceX competitor United Launch Alliance — a partnership between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. SpaceX investigators came across something suspicious when reviewing video of the failure—"an odd shadow and then a white spot" on the roof of a ULA building, according to the Post. A SpaceX employee seeking access to the building was turned away, but Air Force investigators later dispatched to the facility did not find anything on the roof. SpaceX sent a statement CNBC saying that a "preliminary review of the data and debris suggests a breach in the second stage's helium system" on the Falcon 9, "but the cause of the breach is still unknown." A ULA representative sent a statement to CNBC saying "ULA cooperated with the Air Force's 45th Space Wing, and nothing associated with the SpaceX accident was found." SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has also expressed puzzlement at what might have caused the breach. Earlier this month he tweeted "Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else." Musk Tweet Musk has called this failure the "most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years," and that the explosion happened during a routine filling operation, when there were no engines on and no apparent heat source. Musk tweet 2 Musk heat tweet "The Accident Investigation Team has an obligation to consider all possible causes of the anomaly, and we aren't commenting on any specific potential cause until the investigation is complete," the SpaceX statement noted. The rocket was carrying a satellite for a partnership between Facebook and Eutelsat to provide internet access to Africa. The Amos-6 satellite was owned by Israeli company Spacecom and estimated to be worth around $285 million. Robert FerrisScience Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Facebook Drone Emergent Tech I want to launch thousands of drones, says Facebook's flying Wi-Fi router chief Martin Gomez waxes lyrical on Zuckerberg's future aerial fleet An Aquila drone, as built and operated by Facebook. File pic 3 Oct 2016 at 14:22, Gareth Corfield Gareth Corfield Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Comment Of The Week, Police, Royal Navy, Drone, Ministry Of Defence Recent Articles Today is the 211th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar Hack us and you're basically attacking America, says UK defence sec Oh joy. You can now buy a gold plated quadcopter drone “I maintain the Turing Test for us is if the air traffic controller cannot tell he's talking to an unmanned aircraft,” Facebook's chief flying Wi-Fi router drone man, Martin Gomez, told the Royal Aeronautical Society this morning. Speaking about Mark Zuckerberg's Internet.org walled-garden wheeze, Gomez explained to the audience, which had gathered for the RAeS's Drones in Daily Life conference, aeronautical details of Facebook's Aquila drones. Confidently stating that Facebook wants to have “thousands” of solar-powered Aquilas providing internet connectivity across the world, Gomez's audience of professional aviators and regulators was intrigued by his talk. Following an emerging trend in super-light drones – such as the Ministry of Defence's Zephyr drone – the Aquilas are designed to loiter for days or weeks over a designated patrol zone. Instead of providing overt surveillance, however, Zuckerberg's plan is for these to funnel new Internet subscribers into Facebook's Internet.org/Free Basics capture-register-data mine strategy. “Their maximum bank angle is 5°,” he said, highlighting how the drones really cannot be operated in windy or gusty conditions. The 5° bank limit is a practical one, allowing a small margin of error, rather than a never-exceed limit. In addition, Facebook's lightweight drones have, according to Gomez, a typical landing speed of just 20 knots – “bicycle speeds”, as he put it. The Aquila drones typically operate at up to flight level 600, or 60,000ft. Once up at operating altitude, they fly at around 70 knots. For comparison, a Boeing 737 – which has a similar wingspan to the Aquila – typically cruises at around 420 knots, and about 30,000 feet lower. Bringing Facebook to the poor, huddled masses The idea behind them is for Facebook's drone fleet to act as a mesh network for internet connectivity backhaul over areas of the planet with very calm weather systems – in other words, the hot deserts of rural Africa, where penetration of wired infrastructure tends to be minimal anywhere outside of major urban population centres. “Our goal is to be a low cost version of the terrestrial alternatives,” said Gomez. “Once you've installed fibre and protected it against vandalism you're done. We aim to be competitive against that.” It's going to take an awful lot of these aircraft to provide the sort of always-on connectivity we're used to in the West, with our saturation-level coverage of mobile phone masts and wired backhaul. Will the nature of flying mobile phone masts cause problems? “You can't be replacing aircraft every week,” said a bullish Gomez, explaining how Facebook's drone fleet will be specified to keep flying for weeks on end. “We're going to have thousands of aircraft flying, around the world.” Aviation regulators are going to just love this “Regulators have to be convinced this is a safe thing to do,” said Gomez. On the face of it, he has an uphill task: adding thousands of aircraft in one fell swoop to the existing thousands already using the skies is already giving air traffic control agencies the heebie-jeebies. Operating at 60,000ft has the main benefit of putting Facebook's drone fleet well above almost all conventional aircraft operations, other than the odd US spyplane flight. Remote ground control stations, where one operator supervises a number of airborne drones, are part of Facebook's concept of operations, according to Gomez: “Ground control allows us to talk and squawk as if we were a manned aircraft.” Emphasising how the Aquilas “must be able to handle minor system failures” without needing to make an immediate landing, he continued: “I don't think the air traffic controllers of the world want aircaft above them driving around and then saying 'oh I have an emergency, I gotta land now'. Our aircraft must have enough robustness to keep flying until it's safe to land.” As well as the drones required to provide the network, Gomez foresees a future with redundant airborne drones loitering, cab-rank style, ready to be sent to cover for any drone which has to drop out of the formation. Gomez called this system “in-flight spares” in his slide deck, which initially got your correspondent wondering if Facebook was working on a self-maintaining set of airborne drones. “Providing Internet service is what this is about,” he said, higlighting how he wants the Aquila fleet to be as robust as possible. “If we can fly for three months surely you can limp along for another day or two” in the event of a systems failure? “There's no such thing as 'land as soon as practical' in a solar powered aeroplane.” Look, ma – no joysticks! “Our very first flight was completely automatic. No joystick. I don't think there's any place for a joystick in a 21st century drone,” said Gomez. The concept of operations for the Facebook Aquilas is that the operator at the ground control station sets waypoints for the drones, rather than doing Top Gun impressions with each and every one of them. While such a system lowers the training requirement for the operator – who then only needs to understand the principles of separation and deconfliction, rather than possessing the extensive and expensive skillset that manned aircraft pilots need – in situations with a waypoint-based control system, where you need to override the control interface, problems can arise, as the British military found out with one of its Watchkeeper drones in 2014. This may not be such a big a problem for other aviators sharing the skies with Facebook, however. Gomez said that Facebook is looking for “very large” hangars and airfields where they can build ground control stations, as well as places free from “other users for whom we would be a flying obstacle”. This strongly suggests that as well as the drone fleet, Facebook may start building its own airfields around the world. Part of its requirements are that the operating bases are no further away than “a few hundred nautical miles” from the drones' area of operations. All in all, the concept is intriguing and may well be practical in calm, sunny areas of the world. Whether the idea survives contact with reality remains to be seen. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 27 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Assuring application performance at scale Empowering data center operators with an open and programmable network that easily scales to thousands of compute and storage nodes. Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Basic income after automation? That’s not how capitalism works Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Girls' basketball 2016-17: Preseason rankings Kennedy High students walk out to protest hate, discrimination Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash Iowa Democrats plans to elect new chairperson in January Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall Offseason rugby title may have helped Union advance to football title game Iowa City, Johnson County officials express post-election concern, support for citizens Now that the flood is over, catch up on your headlines News you might have missed from Rockwell Collins, University of Iowa, the campaign trail and more Video Photo Sandbags have been painted for Halloween in front of a home on 24th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids on Friday, Sept. 30, 2016. (Rebecca F. Miller/The Gazette) The Gazette Oct 3, 2016 at 6:00 am | Print View CEDAR RAPIDS — Perhaps the sandbags and other barriers blocked your view, but as the Cedar River rose, crested and receded, there was a world of news outside the Cedar Rapids flood evacuation zone. Bullets flew in war zones, a shopping mall and in confrontations between police and civilians. The slings and arrows of political campaigns continued and, perhaps, like the river itself, surged. Baseball pennant races were decided and homecoming parades were marched. So as the tide goes out, here’s what you need to know: Sept. 22 ▪ Even though fewer than 10 percent of a potential 28,787 University of Iowa students completed a survey on sexual violence on campus, 20 percent of female undergraduates reported being raped since enrolling at the Iowa City university. ▪ Retired Prairie Home Companion host Garrison Keillor, who has made his share of Iowa jokes, was in Des Moines mixing homespun humor with political commentary to urge Iowans to support Democrat Patty Judge for U.S. Senate and reject GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. Hitting the campaign trail is rare for him, Keillor said, but he likes to “speak up for Democrats in endangered places ... and I like underdogs.” ▪ In Charlotte, North Carolina, a man was shot and critically injured during a second violent night of protests, after two sharply divergent accounts emerged of the death of a black man at the hands of police. ▪ A march of a few hundred people turned chaotic after protesters attempted to follow police in riot gear into the lobby of an uptown hotel. Officers used tear gas, and then a reporter heard one shot and saw a man lying in the street near the hotel entrance. Sept. 23 ▪ Fundraisers based on setting new Guinness World Records were planned by Friends of Cedar Lake, which needed at least 408 people to set a record for the largest, five-minute Hula-Hoop workout. Iowa Valley Habitat for Humanity needed at least 1,821 people to set the record for fist-bumping. ▪ Warplanes mounted the heaviest airstrikes in months against rebel-held districts in the city of Aleppo as Russia and the Syrian government spurned a U.S. plea to halt flights, burying hope for the revival of a doomed cease fire. A hospital director told Reuters the death toll was 45. Sept. 24 ▪ Iowa State University President Steven Leath, a licensed pilot, reimbursed the university $4,637 for flying one of its planes on four occasions involving a combination of university and personal business. ▪ Later, he wrote a check for $15,000 to cover damages sustained after he encountered a downward draft while landing in Bloomington, Illinois. Leath clipped a runway light in the hard landing. ▪ Two months after refusing to endorse Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said in a Facebook message that although he had “‘areas of significant disagreement” with his party’s nominee, he would vote for Trump because he doesn’t want Hillary Clinton to become president. Sept. 25 ▪ Steve Martin and Martin Short headlined the opening of the University of Iowa’s glittering $176 million performing arts center just uphill from the original Hancher, lost to floods in 2008. More than 20,000 visited the new building this month, from 9,000 who attended two public open houses to 8,000 who came the following weekend for a free outdoor concert, followed by donors and guests who came to a gala dinner and show. ▪ President Barack Obama expressed hope that a new national museum showcasing the triumphs and tragedies of the African American experience helps bring people together. The museum, located on the National Mall, officially opened its doors Sept. 24. It contains 36,000 items that trace the journey of African Americans from slavery in the 1800s to the fight for civil rights in the 20th century. ▪ The Iowa Hawkeyes escaped from New Jersey with a 14-7 win over unranked Rutgers after making a fourth-down stand late in the game to preserve the lead. Sept. 26 ▪ United Nations officials suggested an air raid on a humanitarian convoy outside Aleppo, Syria, that killed 20 could be considered a war crime. However, the incident became a contest of international finger pointing with Russians and Syrians denying involvement and suggesting it might have been the work of a U.S. drone. ▪ The motive for a shooting in a Washington state mall that killed five was unknown, investigators said after arresting a suspect who was described as “zombielike” during the attack. FBI officials said while they had no indication the attack was a “terrorism act,” they could not rule out that possibility. Sept. 27 ▪ Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump launched into a spirited brawl as they met onstage for the first time, each jockeying for a breakout moment in their tightening race during the first debate of the general election campaign. The candidates repeatedly shouted over each other as they argued about their histories, plans and the comments each of them has made during the presidential race. “I have a feeling by the end of this debate I am going to be blamed for everything that ever happened,” Democrat Hillary Clinton said. “Why not?” Trump responded. “Join the debate by saying more crazy things,” Clinton shot back. ▪ Rockwell Collins won a contract to provide touch-screen flight displays on the new Boeing 777X jetliner, the first commercial air transport aircraft to be equipped with that type of flight displays. The displays are expected to make the flight deck more intuitive for pilots and more efficient for flight operations. Boeing has 300 orders and commitments for the 777X, with first deliveries planned for 2020. Sept. 28 ▪ More than 100 people gathered near the 1500 block of Eighth Avenue SE where police said a 13-year-old girl died from a gunshot to the head hours earlier while riding in a car with five others. Family, friends and community members held candles and balloons in remembrance of Ireshia Parks and pleaded with the young people present to stand against gun violence. Police said a 13-year-old male suspect now faces a charge of involuntary manslaughter. ▪ Midwest business conditions improved — slightly — despite weakness among manufacturers linked to agriculture and energy, according to the Creighton University Mid-America Business Conditions Index. The regional index, much as with the national reading, has indicated the manufacturing sector is experiencing anemic to negative business conditions. ▪ A key Iowa lawmaker suggested the state promote health care occupations for young people similar to a focus on STEM — science, technology, engineering and math — to meet the challenges of aging Iowans and the shortfall of trained professionals to take care of them. “Without reaching out to the next generation and showing them that they could have a fulfilling career in providing care, we will face a significant difficulty in meeting the needs of our growing senior population in this state,” Rep. Dave Heaton, R-Mount Pleasant, 75, co-leader of the Legislature’s health and human services budget subcommittee, told delegates to the Older Iowans Legislature. Sept. 29 ▪ A state audit found that a program that paid out $310 million to nearly 1,000 economic development projects from 2003 to 2014, plus an additional $1.4 billion in tax relief, created only 64 percent of the jobs promised. Of the 18,503 projected new jobs at those projects, 11,840 have been realized, according to the report. An additional 396 projects, with 24,757 projected jobs, are still in progress and do not have an accounting of jobs created. ▪ In Council Bluffs, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump accused Democrat Hillary Clinton of being corrupt and attacked her use of a private email server when she was secretary of state. He also told about 1,200 people that he rejected the idea that he lost Monday’s debate, saying he won in a ‘landslide.’ About 1,200 people attended the rally. “How many more Clinton scandals can this country take?” he asked about her use of a private email server. Trump said he would lower taxes, reduce regulations, help family farms thrive, negotiate great trade agreements and repeal Obamacare while offering more choice among schools and improving national security and the nation’s borders. ▪ Congress voted Sept. 28 to override President Barack Obama’s veto of legislation that allows relatives of 9/11 victims to sue the government of Saudi Arabia for their deaths. However, family members said they knew that even with the enactment of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, their day in court is distant. Congress is expected to revisit the legislation after the Nov. 8 general election. ▪ Based on thousands of wiretaps, photographs, witness statements and forensic tests during more than two years of inquiries, international prosecutors said Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down in July 2014 by a missile fired from a launcher brought into Ukraine from Russia and located in a village held by pro-Russian rebels. The findings counter Moscow’s suggestion that the passenger plane, en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur in July 2014, was brought down by Ukraine’s military rather than the separatists. Sept. 30 ▪ Campaigning in Des Moines on the first day of early voting, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton predicted she will carry the state. Calling GOP nominee Donald Trump’s approach negative, she told about 2,000 people the nation has to “heal these divides.” “The future of our country, the future of our economy and the future of our society will be on the ballot,” Clinton said. “The election will be close. But we can win Iowa.” ▪ Federal investigators assessed whether equipment failure, an incapacitated operator or other factors could have caused a packed commuter-rail train to crash at Hoboken (New Jersey) Terminal, killing one person and injuring 100 others. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said the crash appeared to be accidental. Officials declined to speculate on a cause, but one thing is clear: The train was traveling far too fast as it entered one of the busiest transportation terminals in the New York area, crashed onto the concrete platform, destroyed the metal canopy over the platform and finally came to a rest when it crashed into the station building. ▪ Congress avoided a government shutdown by approving a continuing resolution to fund the federal government for 10 weeks beyond the end of the federal fiscal year Sept. 30. To make that happen, the House of Representatives and the Senate voted to allocate $1.1 billion in funding to address the Zika crisis, aid those affected by floods in Louisiana and give support to residents of Flint, Michigan, who have struggled with water contamination from lead pipes. ▪ Congress won’t be back in session until Nov. 14, leaving members a month to campaign for their re-elections. Oct. 1 ▪ After leading the $1.9 billion University of Iowa Health Care enterprise through a decade of historic prosperity that included world-renowned medical breakthroughs, soaring patient totals, record revenue and expansion — including a new children’s hospital and biomedical research facility — Jean Robilliard announced he’s stepping down. At almost 73 years old, Robillard, a pediatric nephrologist by training, said he intends to remain on faculty in the UI Stead Family Department of Pediatrics after his successor arrives. ▪ For now, a Decorah couple has the OK to build a home that looks like Kinnick Stadium in an Iowa City neighborhood, though their neighbors indicated they’ll likely take the issue to court. The Iowa City Board of Adjustment, which heard the neighbors’ appeal of the city’s granting the structure a building permit, split 2-2 on the issue Friday night, with one member recusing herself. That means the plan can proceed since three votes were required to overturn the city’s decision. City staff classified the house as a single-family dwelling and issued the building permit. ▪ Police say Christopher Arteberry Jr. is dead following a stabbing incident Sept. 30 in Cedar Rapids about one mile from the campus of Kirkwood Community College. Cedar Rapids Public Safety spokesman Greg Buelow said officers responded to an apartment complex at 6725 College Park Court SW at 2:09 a.m. Emergency medical care was initiated at the scene and Arteberry was taken to Mercy Medical Center in Cedar Rapids, where he was pronounced dead about an hour later, Buelow said. ▪ Former Israeli President Shimon Peres is laid to rest in Israel’s Mount Herzl national cemetery, eulogized by Israeli leaders, family and two American presidents as a founding father who first built up Israel’s military industrial complex and then sought peace with the Palestinians. Peres died Sept. 28 from complications of a stroke. He was 93. Oct. 2 ▪ Russian warplanes and their Syrian government allies battered rebel-held areas in and around Aleppo and rebels and aid workers accused them of destroying one of the city’s main hospitals and killing at least two patients. ▪ Iowa State University President Steven Leath has announced a historic campaign to raise $1.1 billion by June 30, 2020 — the most ambitious fundraising goal in the university’s history. ISU’s campaign, called “Forever True, For Iowa State,” comes just as the University of Iowa’s $1.7 billion capital campaign, called “For Iowa. Forever more,” nears its end. ▪ The Iowa Hawkeyes dropped their homecoming game to Northwestern with the Wildcats prevailing 38-31 at Kinnick Stadium. Your next News articles Watch Live: Iowa Native Peggy Whitson se ... Obama says would support Trump moves to ... Kennedy High students walk out to protes ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits

About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Spain’s Great Match New York To Feature Top Restaurants, New Sponsorships and Big Giveaways Spain’s Great Match New York To Feature Top Restaurants, New Sponsorships and Big Giveaways Posted on October 3, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Lifestyle Extravaganza Celebrates the Distinctive Wines, Food, Design and Culture of Spain New York City, NY (PRWEB) October 03, 2016 The Trade Commission of Spain will host the 23rd annual Spain’s Great Match event on Wednesday, October 5th in New York’s iconic IAC HQ Building. A second event will be held in San Francisco on November 15th. This collaborative extravaganza with the Tourism Office of Spain in New York, Wines from Spain, Foods from Spain and Interiors from Spain, celebrates the distinctive wines, food and culture of Spain. The consumer evening event will display the diversity of Spanish wine and pair the latest vintages with tapas created from New York City’s finest-rated Spanish restaurants. This year’s award-winning restaurants are: Amada, Andanada, Barraca Restaurant, Casa Mono, Donostia, La Fonda del Sol, Salinas Restaurant & Tapas Bar, Socarrat Paella Bar, Tia Pol, and Txikito. In addition, this year’s lifestyle showcase will include Taberna Jerez, a Sherry wine and cocktail lounge that displays Spain’s award-winning interior design industry. When participants use the hashtag #SpainsGreatMatch they will be able to participate and win giveaways that include wine coolers from Fagor and two round-trip tickets to Madrid, Spain from airline sponsor, Air Europa. The media sponsor is Wine Enthusiast Magazine. Other 2016 sponsors include Olives from Spain and Sherry Wines. “Air Europa is honored to provide two lucky guests the chance to fly round-trip to Madrid. As a proud partner with Wines from Spain, Air Europa is excited to bring a taste of Spain to the United States with its brand new aircraft, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner,” says Pablo Sanchez, Air Europa’s Vice President of Sales and Marketing, USA and Puerto Rico. In September 2016, Air Europa became a member of SkyTeam, a 20-airline network that provides access to an extensive global network with 1,052 destinations, plus more frequencies and connectivity than ever before. During the daytime Spain’s Great Match, over 300 wines representing the varietals and wine regions of Spain will be featured in a walk-around tasting format. Importers and distributors of Spanish wines will present their best products, including new wines and the latest vintages, to wine industry professionals. SPAIN’S GREAT MATCH: SCHEDULE Wednesday, October 5, 2016 Trade (exclusively for the wine trade & media) 11:30 – 12:30 pm The Sommelier's Guide to Spain: Spanish Wine on Your List (Tent), sommelier panel moderated by wine educator Steve Olson 12:00 – 4:00 pm Walk-Around Tasting 1:00 – 1:45 pm     "Why Spain is Hot” (9th Floor) presented by Wine Enthusiast Editors: Michael Schachner, Lana Bortolot, Susan Kostrzewa 2:00 – 3:00 pm     Today's Sherry Revolution: ‘Only’ 3,000 Years of Evolution (Tent), by César Saldaña, General Director, Jerez Control Board 3:00 – 3:45 pm     Unveiling the Mystery of Bierzo (9th Floor), by wine educator Steve Olson Public Ticketed Event 5:30 – 6:30 pm Premium Tickets and pre-event tasting 6:30 – 9:00 pm Open tasting for General Admission ticket holders Information on the second Spain’s Great Match 2016, which will be held in San Francisco, California on November 15, will follow shortly. To register for the Spain's Great Match trade event, please visit https://spainsgreatmatchnyc.eventbrite.com. To purchase tickets for the consumer event, please visit https://spainsgreatmatchnycpublic.eventbrite.com. About Wines from Spain: The Spanish Institute for Foreign Trade (Instituto Español de Comercio Exterior, ICEX) is the authorized governmental platform for the promotion of Spanish exports and Spanish companies' international growth. Vinos de España – or Wines from Spain – is ICEX's brand for a wide range of promotional activities designed to inform trade and consumers abroad about quality Spanish wines. Wines from Spain has been promoting Spanish wines in walk-around tastings to press, trade and consumers in New York and the United States for nearly 30 years. Each year, Wines from Spain hosts “Spain’s Great Match”- an opportunity to sample and learn about a variety of the world’s most sought-after Spanish wines paired with tapas from the top rated area Spanish restaurants. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13731330.htm Latest News FlightStats Becomes Official Source Of American Airlines Data Beverly Hills Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Paul Nassif, is Now Offering Eyelid Surgeries Using the Latest Techniques UNCF Raises Funds for the Next Generation of Leaders at the Indianapolis Masked Ball This Thanksgiving, Eat Out or Order In and Help Fight World Hunger with Stop Hunger Now Woolpert Contracted to Rehabilitate and Protect Covered Bridges Nurse Mates Launches Align™ Corrective Lifestyle Footwear Collection HAI Group Acquires InspectUS Housing Inspection Software Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Comdata® Expands Services for Small Fleet Trucking Firms Beaumont Solar Expands and Opens New Office in Providence, Rhode Island to Service Local Customers and Meet Growing Solar Demand © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading BOC Aviation to buy five planes from Air China in lease-back deal  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies Air China Air China BOC Aviation to buy five planes from Air China in lease-back deal PUBLISHED : Monday, 03 October, 2016, 6:43pm UPDATED : Monday, 03 October, 2016, 9:48pm Comments:   Celia Chen Share PrintEmail Related topics Air China Related Articles Companies Air China posts 60pc rise in Q3 profit, bolstered by falling operating and finance costs 28 Oct 2016 Insight & Opinion Air China has no excuse for prejudice in London travel guide 15 Sep 2016 China Air China is blasted for ‘racist’ article about London that warned of ‘Indians, Pakistanis and black people’ 8 Sep 2016 Aircraft lessor BOC Aviation said on Monday it would purchase five new planes from Air China worth US$1.532 billion at list price and would lease them back to the carrier. Asia’s largest aircraft lessor said the new planes encompass three Boeing B777-300ERs and two Airbus A330-300s. The aircraft are scheduled for delivery before year end. “We are pleased to support Air China in its fleet growth and expansion plans in this transaction, which adds popular, in-demand aircraft on long-term leases to our portfolio,” said Robert Martin, chief executive officer of BOC Aviation. “This transaction also represents incremental capital expenditure in 2016, and we continue to focus on disciplined investing to grow our fleet in line with our current strategy.” Victor Au, chief operating officer at Delta Asia Financial said it is common for carriers to sell their planes and then lease them back in order to cut their debt ratios. “The strong US dollar will increase financial pressure on these Chinese carriers as they usually issued dollar bonds to buy news planes,” said Au. “These carriers may tend to sell the planes and rent them back to release their debt pressure.” BOC Aviation, with the support of its ultimate parent Bank of China, likely has the necessary cash and the ambition to expand its fleet, Au said, noting that the airline group raised US$1.1 billion from its Hong Kong listing in June. Tony Li, an analyst at China Galaxy International said in a recent report that BOC Aviation has the ability to gain “very low cost of funds independent of Bank of China, as the lessor has maintained a good credit rating and relationships with banks and investors across the globe.” It is able to secure funding as low as 2 per cent in 2015, significantly lower than that of its peers. “With the proceeds from its IPO, we believe the net addition will be higher in 2016 and 2017,” Li said in the report. “And we estimate about 30 to 40 aircraft per year.” BOC Aviation has a fleet of 483 aircraft owned, managed or on order and its fleet was leased to 64 airlines worldwide in 31 countries as of the end of June. BOC Aviation’s shares closed 0.25 per cent higher at HK$40 on Monday. The share is down 4.76 per from its offer price of $42. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: BOC Aviation to buy five aircraft from Air China   Most Popular Viewed 1 Why Hong Kong’s blind pursuit of technology listings is dangerous 2 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 3 Trump’s victory triggers a bout of schizophrenia in markets 4 Hong Kong stocks retreat on falling oil prices, ahead of Fed chair testimony 5 Tencent’s Joox music streaming service proves a hit across Asia Shared 1 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 2 Hong Kong stocks retreat on falling oil prices, ahead of Fed chair testimony 3 Why Hong Kong’s blind pursuit of technology listings is dangerous 4 China’s plan for the Arctic – and a shipping centre to rival Singapore 5 Trump’s victory triggers a bout of schizophrenia in markets Commented 1 Thank goodness for Taipei’s National Palace Museum 2 Cheryl Tan on her novel Sarong Party Girls, Singlish and young women in Asia 3 ‘Did you hear it wrong?’ Donnie Yen on that HUGE spoiler about Rogue One character 4 Female infanticide: the dark side of China’s obsession with luck 5 How Hong Kong ex-journalist mined true crime for detective fiction Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office China The day Donald Trump took on the Chinese government – and lost 15 Nov 2016 - 12:20am 15 Go Asia - Vietnam 11 Nov 2016 - 4:24pm Politics After Trump and Brexit, is Asia next on the anti-establishment hitlist? 14 Nov 2016 - 9:03am 1 China Death of China’s first female J-10 fighter pilot Yu Xu sparks call for more training 14 Nov 2016 - 12:15am 21 Politics One year on in Myanmar, is Suu Kyi’s halo slipping? 12 Nov 2016 - 12:00pm 3 China Pacific Rim nations urged to revise TPP without US before Trump cuts trade ties 12 Nov 2016 - 12:29am 15 Society Why China’s rise means Hong Kong stars like Jackie Chan will be the last of their kind 13 Nov 2016 - 7:23pm 14 Hong Kong Despite fears, new air traffic control system to be launched at Hong Kong airport on Monday 11 Nov 2016 - 11:26pm 3 Hong Kong Did CY Leung mess up his own oath? Legal challenge over Hong Kong leader’s 2012 swearing in 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 79 Hong Kong Beijing should not be totally hands-off on Hong Kong, former leader Tung Chee-hwa says 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 25 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Monarch set to buy 15 new Boeing aeroplanes after major investment from shareholders By Daily Mail City & Finance Reporter Published: 05:08 EST, 3 October 2016 | Updated: 06:07 EST, 3 October 2016 e-mail 9 shares View comments Monarch Airlines is close to revealing a giant order for new Boeing aeroplanes after a major investment from shareholders, according to reports. An extra 15 aircraft, added to the 30 it already ordered in 2014, would put the airline on a secure footing for the foreseeable future. It comes after the airline said on Friday it was about to announce the largest investment in its 48-year history after being forced to deny speculation it was on the verge of going bust. Planes: An extra 15 aircraft would put the airline on a secure footing for the foreseeable future The Luton-based firm, which flies more than 6million passengers every year, was granted a last-minute extension in its battle to renew a crucial licence to fly package holidaymakers. The Civil Aviation Authority, which grants the licences, was understood to be concerned about the state of Monarch’s finances. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Monarch Airlines is confident it will secure fresh financing... Holiday protection: How to get your cash back if an airline... Crunch talks to keep Monarch flying go right to the brink as... Monarch Airlines must renew ATOL licence this week or it... Share this article Share Friday’s agreement was reached after owners, including private equity firm Greybull Capital, pumped millions of pounds into the company.  Monarch ordered 30 of the Boeing 737 aircraft in 2014 after Greybull injected £125million, the first of which is set to be delivered in 2018. It had options on another 15 aircraft. Monarch declined to comment on the reports.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares First of legendary Jaguar XKSS's is reborn after six decades... How much would you cough up for coffee? Cheapest and most... If you hit an elk in Finland it's illegal not to tell the... Interactive map shows England's happiest places to live:... Who is 'wealthy' in the UK? Middle-aged married men with a... Stationery seller Staples is latest retail chain to vanish... This is Money named Financial Website of the Year, as judges... Meet the inventor of a £149 do-it-yourself computer that... Santander limits cashback for 123 credit cardholders to £9... Former market traders who started out flogging cut-price... SIMON LAMBERT: Will President Trump mean interest rates... DAILY BRIEFING: Office supply store Staples is latest... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?         Like This Is Money Follow @thisismoney     DON'T MISS This is Money named Financial Website of the Year Judges at the highly-regarded Santander Media Awards praise the 'consumer champion'. Oxford, Cambridge and Richmond-upon-Thames are the most 'vibrant' towns, research claims Interactive map shows England's happiest places to live. Meet the inventor of a £149 do-it-yourself computer that claims to be as easy and fun as Lego His firm Kano is set to be UK's next tech star. Wine prices will have to go up due to pound's Brexit plonk, warns Majestic boss Rowan Gormley says he will try to protect customers. Ten top tips to get more from your spending: How to save money and get rewarded Sponsored The top 10 places in Britain where house hunters would most like to live with prices starting at £170,000 (and London doesn't feature) Will President Trump mean interest rates finally rise? The Trumpflation trade believes so... SIMON LAMBERT. Santander limits cashback for 123 credit cardholders to £9 per month and ramps up interest charges Banks could be ordered to clamp down on buy-to-let mortgages under sweeping new powers being handed to regulators Cheapest and most expensive cities in the world to get your caffeine fix revealed How much would you cough up for coffee? Why do so many people avoid thinking about their pension? How to get help taking that next step Sponsored National Savings & Investments now top for income and cash Isas Banks and building societies slash rates. Call to rescue young buyers as homes for sale fall to 40-year low Brexit, stamp duty and buy-to-let tax hike leave just 44 properties on average estate agent's books . Thomson won't give back the £438 I lost when its website crashed as I was booking a holiday ASK TONY. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Investors on solid ground after flotation of engineering services firm Van Elle MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Chapel Down shares mature well as wine production doubles MIDAS SHARE TIPS: US deal poised to give household insurance firm HomeServe a flood of clients MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Profits at convenience store McColl's to soar once Co-op sale is approved MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Lightbulb moment helps newly-listed Luceco shine MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Play safe and take some profit after palm oil firm MP Evans rejects £360m bid MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Bar group serves up a mean cocktail but City wants a Revolution MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Canny property veterans watch income soar by 57% at Palace Capital MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Why cutting edge Spire Healthcare deserves a 'buy' treatment MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: After a year of paper losses, shares in gas group CNR now show a 28% gain         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news JPMORGAN AMERICAN INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Trump or Clinton? We're more worried about interest rates' EVENLODE INCOME: How two Wise men turned £1m into £1bn in just seven years CHARTERIS GOLD & PRECIOUS METALS: Fund delivers a 12-month return of 179% as gold prices rise THREADNEEDLE UK PROPERTY: Fund re-opens after post-Brexit alarm subsides HERMES GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS: Growth before location, that's the drill for emerging markets JUPITER ABSOLUTE RETURN: If a firm's in the soup we'll short it, says boss James Clunie MONKS INVESTMENT TRUST: 'I'm disappointed' says fund boss who made 29% profit in a year AURORA INVESTMENT TRUST: Will Aurora see a brighter dawn as Mars is left behind? INTERNATIONAL BIOTECHNOLOGY TRUST: Doctor, analyst... and grand master at the biotech 'slow game of chess' EDINBURGH DRAGON TRUST: Investment trust roars back with 40% gain in six months         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Ferrari and McLaren you must buy as a pair   Clampdown on rip-off pension exit fees   Amazon: Watch the Grand Tour for less   Fix your mortgage NOW? Brokers sound alarm   Why you should invest in Europe   What will President Trump mean for your finances? Latest from Markets SMALL CAP MOVERS: High-tech investor Robert Keith takes a strong interest in Blur Group FTSE LIVE: Footsie stays weak as miners fall with commodity prices on dollar lift from rate hike hope Fuller's pub and hotel profits grow but beer and cider sales slump Jimmy Choo sees revenues grow as sales are boosted by tourists taking advantage of the weaker pound Nationwide profits slip 13% as low interest rate environment grips UK's biggest building society HS2 tracks WILL be made with British steel: Relief for 4,000 workers after boost from Transport Secretary Wine prices will have to go up due to pound's Brexit plonk, warns Majestic boss DAILY BRIEFING: Office supply store Staples is latest retailer to disappear from the High Street MARKET REPORT: Jet2 shares soar by 8% as it carries 2.5m passengers and records a 36% increase in package holiday customers Sacked Rio Tinto mining boss to take legal action over alleged £8.4m bung to a middleman in west Africa MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 18 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Abu Dhabi landlords face pressure to lower rents Eight road projects opened in Oman Bahrain's Bapco in talks with ECAs for refinery expansion Hill Intl: 'ongoing talks' to manage Egypt's new capital city project Electricity and water tariff revised in Abu Dhabi Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Abu Dhabi ADGM attracts over 180 companies: chairman Doha Bank plans rights issue to raise capital by 20% Saudi's Fawaz Alhokair closes in on loan for Arab Bank stake Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff Emirates Islamic Charity Fund to support financial aid for students Tunisia looks to create a new Islamic bank U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter BlackBerry still committed to smartphone business Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC U.S. approves possible sale of defense aircraft to Qatar, Kuwait Saudi sovereign fund fills key positions IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax Palestinians vow to confront Israeli legislation to ratify colonies U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Army on rise in Libya's east, spurring hopes of normal life U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Commodities set for rebound in 2017 Abu Dhabi ADX achieves 99% in disclosure compliance Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Qatar's CBQ bank shareholders approve rights issue Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Egypt c.bank keeps key interest rates unchanged Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Gold set for second weekly loss as dollar soars Oil prices fall as strong dollar wipes out OPEC cut optimism Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Oman tightens tourist visa rules Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Ras Al Khaimah ruler issues law on economic activity Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services UAE plans new laws for animal feed and pet food Motorists can now renew vehicle registration online in Sharjah Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Egyptian policeman gets life sentence for killing man over cup of tea Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Limbless speaker Nick leaves UAE students speechless Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Diabetes prevalence decreasing in Dubai Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest UAE confirms three-day weekend for December Souq.com to hold four-day online shopping festival EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Kuwait halts decision on land borders' travelers Monroe's dress from JFK birthday sells for $4.8 mln at auction Leonardo DiCaprio lunches in Edinburgh to support the homeless Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize ceremony Tennis-Djokovic thrashes Goffin, picks row with umpire Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Soccer-Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Etihad Airways extends reach in Africa through new codeshare agreement with kulula.com. 03 October, 2016 03 October 2016 Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, continues to build its presence in Africa through a new codeshare agreement with kulula, South Africa’s award-winning low cost carrier. The codeshare deal offers Etihad Airways customers flight options to a number of key cities in South Africa that include Cape Town, Durban, George and East London via Johannesburg. Etihad Airways will place its EY code on kulula’s scheduled flights between Johannesburg and these popular coastal cities. This agreement allows guests access to through-check-in and baggage transfer to their final destination. The new codeshare services will go on sale from 3 October 2016, with travel from the start of the Northern Winter schedule on 30 October. Advertisement The agreement with kulula strengthens Etihad Airways’ commitment to Africa and brings the total number of destinationsthat it serves across the continent to 23 through its existing codeshare partnerships with Kenya Airways, Royal Air Maroc, and strategic equity partner Air Seychelles. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said: “kulula is an innovative and award-winning airline and this new codeshare agreement demonstrates Etihad Airways’ growing ambitions to strengthen our operations across Africa. Through the agreement, kulula will give inbound passengers direct access from Johannesburg to four key destinations along South Africa’s renowned coastline, and I am certain the extended reach offered through this partnership will appeal to business and leisure travellers alike.” Erik Venter, Chief Executive Officer of kulula’s parent company, Comair, said: “We are delighted to be adding Etihad Airways to our growing list of strategic airline partnerships and are excited about exploring additional opportunities to expand on the relationship. We look forward to welcoming Etihad Airways’ customers on board our flights.” Etihad Airways currently operates scheduled services to 10 destinations in Africa, namely Johannesburg, Nairobi, Entebbe, Dar es Salaam, Khartoum, Casablanca, Rabat, Lagos, Cairo and Mahé in the Seychelles. -Ends-  About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising four business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, 117 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of 123 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com            About kulula.com kulula.com is a privately-owned low-fare airline, operated by Comair Limited. This adventurous brand, which celebrates its 15-year anniversary in 2016 has, since inception, revolutionised air travel in South Africa by making flying much easier and more affordable for customers. kulula.com is IOSA (IATA Operational Safety Audit) compliant and maintains the highest standard of safety at all times. In January 2016, for the second year running, kulula.com was rated as the top South African low cost carrier, in the SA Customer Satisfaction Index (SAcsi) on the industry. In December 2015, the airline was also internationally recognised for a second consecutive year, by AirlineRatings.com, as the Best Low Cost Airline in Africa and the Middle East. kulula received the highly coveted title of ‘Best African Low-cost Airline’ in the 2015 & 2016 Business Traveller Africa Awards and was also voted as South Africa’s top airline for business travellers in the 2015 Sunday Times Top Brands survey, and the Best Low-Cost Airline in Africa in the 2016 Skytrax World Airline Awards. kulula.com has completed its Boeing 737-800 (189 seats) fleet upgrade plan and now operates more than 412 flights a week across 14 domestic routes. kulula has entered into codeshare agreements with Kenya Airways and Air France to provide more choice for customers. In 2015, kulula signed interline agreements with Virgin Atlantic (VS) and Hahn Air, making it easier for other markets to book flights in SA. kulula.com offers more than just flights. They offer holidays, hotels and car rentals too. It’s the one-stop place for anyone looking for affordable travel options in and around South Africa, making it possible to go places, whenever, wherever, however. For more information about kulula and its various offerings, including how to become a fan, affordable holiday packages, the kulula mobi site and online check-in service, visit www.kulula.com. Become a kulula fan at iflykulula on Facebook or follow us on @kulula on twitter (http://twitter.com/kulula) For more background information on kulula, view our brand video.  For more information, please contact: Damian James Etihad Airways Corporate Communications Email: djames@etihad.ae Landline: + 9712 511 1035 William Smook Meropa Comunications +27 21 683 6464 +27 83 357 2837 williams@meropa.co.za © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 1 day ago Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 18 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Abu Dhabi landlords face pressure to lower rents Eight road projects opened in Oman Bahrain's Bapco in talks with ECAs for refinery expansion Hill Intl: 'ongoing talks' to manage Egypt's new capital city project Electricity and water tariff revised in Abu Dhabi Demand for gas on the increase, says Qatari minister Iraq's oil contracts make joining OPEC output cut more painful Abu Dhabi ADGM attracts over 180 companies: chairman Doha Bank plans rights issue to raise capital by 20% Saudi's Fawaz Alhokair closes in on loan for Arab Bank stake Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff Emirates Islamic Charity Fund to support financial aid for students Tunisia looks to create a new Islamic bank U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn Web attacks increase 71% in third quarter BlackBerry still committed to smartphone business Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC Japan aims to increase food exports to GCC U.S. approves possible sale of defense aircraft to Qatar, Kuwait Saudi sovereign fund fills key positions IMF warns Jordan against lowering general sales tax Palestinians vow to confront Israeli legislation to ratify colonies U.N. council extends inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Army on rise in Libya's east, spurring hopes of normal life U.S. says concerned over Russia blocking access to LinkedIn U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Commodities set for rebound in 2017 Abu Dhabi ADX achieves 99% in disclosure compliance Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Qatar's CBQ bank shareholders approve rights issue Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Egypt c.bank keeps key interest rates unchanged Dollar charge pauses as bond bashing relents Gold set for second weekly loss as dollar soars Oil prices fall as strong dollar wipes out OPEC cut optimism Gold prices in Qatar fall 10% since September Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Oman tightens tourist visa rules Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Saudi king to appoint new members to Shoura Council Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Ras Al Khaimah ruler issues law on economic activity Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services UAE plans new laws for animal feed and pet food Motorists can now renew vehicle registration online in Sharjah Oman court defers verdict in journalists’ case Egypt's Sisi pardons 82 prisoners, student protesters Egyptian policeman gets life sentence for killing man over cup of tea Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Limbless speaker Nick leaves UAE students speechless Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Saudi health ministry warns against overuse of antibiotics Kuwait eyes taxing expats' remittances Diabetes prevalence decreasing in Dubai Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest UAE confirms three-day weekend for December Souq.com to hold four-day online shopping festival EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Kuwait halts decision on land borders' travelers Monroe's dress from JFK birthday sells for $4.8 mln at auction Leonardo DiCaprio lunches in Edinburgh to support the homeless Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize ceremony Tennis-Djokovic thrashes Goffin, picks row with umpire Golf-Big guns start slowly as Westwood leads in Dubai Soccer-Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Novus Aviation Capital closes purchase and leaseback transaction with Emirates Airline for an additional Boeing B777-300ER 03 October, 2016 03 October 2016 Dubai, UAE – Novus Aviation Capital has successfully closed the purchase and leaseback for one additional brand new Boeing B777-300ER with Emirates Airline (msn 42337). The aircraft was delivered to Emirates on September 23, 2016 and will be on a long-term lease. This would be the fourth B777-300ER transaction completed by Novus with Emirates this calendar year. This would also be Emirates’ 122nd B777-300ER. “Emirates continues to be an important customer for Novus, and this fourth additional B777 acquisition this year, is a testimony of our continued support to the airline,” said Hani Kuzbari, Managing Director at Novus. “With the uninterrupted growth plans of Emirates, we will always look at innovative and competitive leasing and financing solutions that will benefit the airline,” he added. Nirmal Govindadas, Senior Vice-President Corporate Treasury for Emirates, said: “Our financial strength and solid track record continue to enable us to secure funding in the global market to invest in new aircraft and expand our wide-body portfolio. We are pleased to finalize this transaction, and we will continue to look for innovative financing opportunities to support our growing fleet.” Novus has so far completed sale and leaseback and financing transactions worth close to USD 1 billion this year on both single and twin-aisle aircraft operated by airlines in the Middle East, Asia and the Americas. Advertisement -Ends- About Novus Aviation Capital: Novus is an independent, privately-held aircraft leasing platform, focused on investing in commercial aircraft assets. Established over 22 years ago, the Novus team operates out of its five global offices in the Middle East, Europe and Asia. The company currently co-owns and manages aircraft-related projects worth about USD 3 billion. For more information, please visit: www.novus.aero © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 1 day ago Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Television Games Arts Photo Galleries Beaches Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Contests Your Photos David Quick Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Subscribe e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Advertising Interactive Media Kit Sponsored Content 47° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today Mainly sunny. High 73F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear. Low 51F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 1:56 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Grapevine: Charleston port agency Oct 2, 2016 (…) The State Ports Authority is courting the building industry as part of its planned cross-harbor move from Charleston’s bustling tourist district to a new headquarters site in the Mount Pleasant suburbs. The maritime agency held a preliminary mandatory meeting about 10 days ago with contracting firms that are interested in bidding on the project. The SPA said its first step is to establish a short list of “design-build teams” that can do the job. Statements of qualifications are due Oct. 11, and all proposals must include a South Carolina-licensed general contractor. The SPA will evaluate those submissions later and select a “preferred” construction consortium. The winning team will be tasked with overseeing all aspects of designing, permitting and constructing a new headquarters building that will measure 70,000 to 90,000 square feet, including parking, utilities and landscaping, according to a notice to contractors about the project. That’s a big jump from the SPA’s current offices, which measure about 36,000 square feet. The ports authority announced plans earlier this year to sell its prime Concord Street location and move closer to the action: Its new home will be inside the gates at its busy Wando Welch Terminal near Long Point Road and I-526 n Mount Pleasant. The proposed buyer of the downtown Charleston office building is Wild Dunes Resort owner Lowe Enterprises, which is still studying whether to close on the purchase by early December. The sale price has not been disclosed, but it’s said to be in the $40 million range. The SPA would lease its existing space back for up to two years while it builds its Wando Welch digs. Afterward, Los Angeles-based Lowe plans to replace the 1970s-era office structure with a 225-room luxury hotel. An advisory group for the state Commerce Department will meet Tuesday to begin drafting a plan to improve the Charleston region’s aerospace workforce. The Trident Regional Education Center Advisory Board will kick off the meeting with a discussion of current job and training gaps, emerging workforce needs and ways to create a talent pipeline that’s globally competitive. The board is made up of area educators, industry leaders, training professionals and community leaders. The region’s aerospace industry — buoyed by Boeing Co.’s 787 Dreamliner campus in North Charleston — accounts for $19 billion in annual economic impact. But industry experts say they struggle to meet the demand for employees with advanced skills. Commerce says Tuesday’s meeting, to be held at Charleston Southern University, is a first step toward solving that problem. The local defense contracting industry is looking to Lowcountry pupils for a few good tech tools. The Charleston Defense Contractors Association is holding a smartphone app competition for students of all ages – from middle school to graduate school. College-age entrants could win as much as $3,500, and middle schoolers and high schoolers can pocket $3,000. The trade group is looking for ideas in three areas: safety, quality of life and financial. It says it hopes the competition will get students to think as entrepreneurs and to think about a career in the defense industry. Developers have until Nov. 21 to submit their apps, but they first need to submit a letter of intent, which is due Monday. Winners will be announced at the group’s annual summit in December. Details are at summit.charlestondca.org. Audio output Audio-Technica, a Japanese company that makes consumer electronics, has opened a Berkeley County distribution center that will import products through the Port of Charleston and send them to retailers throughout the region. The company bought its 56,000-square-foot center at the Mount Holly Industrial Park near Moncks Corner last spring for $3.3 million and began operations in August. It is currently using about half the available space for distribution of turntables and headphones. Most of the products will be supplied by the company’s Tokyo headquarters. Founded in 1962 by Hideo Matsushita, the company has its U.S. headquarters in Stow, Ohio. Audio-Technica is planning a grand opening of its new facility in November. Blackbaud Inc. often describes itself as a global company — a giant in the Lowcountry’s technology sector with reach well beyond South Carolina. So here’s one: The Daniel Island company has hired an executive based in New York to run a subsidiary that was originally headquartered in Brisbane, Australia, and now has its main offices in Silicon Valley. To top it off, the move was announced last week, just as the company was opening its new office in Toronto. Blackbaud said Thursday that Everydayhero — a crowdfunding service geared toward nonprofits – is now being run by Jerry Needel, a former executive at the crowdfunding company Indiegogo. Needel started in late August, the company says. Blackbaud, which sells software and services to the nonprofit sector, is positioning Everydayhero as a way to hold virtual fundraising events. This month, it’s hosting a running fundraiser — dubbed If Girls Ran The World — for charities focused on empowering women. It bought the Australia startup in 2011 for $7.6 million. Famous for his “you might be a redneck if ...” shtick, comedian Jeff Foxworthy will be bringing his act to the Charleston-based Carnival Ecstasy next year. Foxworthy will perform on June 22 while the cruise ship is docked in Nassau, Bahamas, as part of a five-day trip that originates from Union Pier. Passengers can buy tickets to the show for $30, while VIP tickets — which include premium seats, a photo with Foxworthy and a commemorative concert pass — are $100 a pop. Don’t expect to see Foxworthy lounging poolside on the Lido deck during the rest of the cruise, though. He’ll be stationed in Nassau and will be off the ship when the show concludes. Foxworthy’s appearance is part of Carnival’s live concert series featuring performances by acts such as country artists Tim McGraw and Sam Hunt and former “Tonight Show” host Jay Leno. Foxworthy is the only performer with a gig on the Ecstasy during the spring 2017 sailing season. Other artists who have appeared on Carnival ships that are home-ported in Charleston include country singer Trace Adkins and 1980s staples Kansas, Styx and REO Speedwagon. Latest Tweets Tweets from https://twitter.com/postandcourier/lists/p-c-business Most Popular Articles Collections Articles High School Football Predictions Haley now has to wait for a Trump phone call, maybe State rests in Michael Slager murder trial; judge denies bid for acquittal Collections Fort Moultrie Quarter Ceremony Defense witnesses take the stand New visitor and education center planned for Drayton Hall 7th annual Mac Off College of Charleston wins first game of Charleston Classic tournament Reader photos: Cemeteries Poll loading... Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds Search Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC South Strand News - Georgetown, Pawleys Island, & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 Email: webteam@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Like father, like daughter: Leaving a business that carries on after an owner is gone The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Sue Evans, 65, recently sold part of her company to new investors so that the company will survive her. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) By Thomas Heath Reporter October 2 Follow @addedvalueth I turned 61 a few days ago and not surprisingly started thinking about my mortality — even more than I had been. Who doesn’t, at our age? Those thoughts included a sobering conversation I had with a financial bigwig a few years back. “Most people are forgotten once they die,” he said. Not true of everyone. Read a great book, turn on a light, get a vaccine, enjoy your freedom — you can attach a name to every one of those gifts. More than one name. When I think of legacies, I think of business people. Many entrepreneurs I encounter are proud of the company they built — whether its five employees or 50. They want it to live on. Sue Evans, 65, runs a 50-employee Falls Church consulting firm, Evans Inc., which grosses $12 million and, in a good year, delivers about 10 percent of that to the bottom line. Her bottom line. Evans lives in Arlington with her husband and recently sold 25 percent of the firm in hopes that it will live on after she chooses to retire. “Not everybody understands what it means to be an owner,” said the driven chief executive with a PhD. “What we built in terms of the operating impact we had on businesses was something worth preserving. I did not want it to get absorbed into some other company.” Evans is sort of a corporate doctor, trying to break down walls in companies that resist change. Her impressive client list over the years includes names like Hitt Construction, the Baltimore Sun, Grant Thornton, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Ford Motor Co., General Motors, Freddie Mac and Weyerhaeuser. When the Federal Aviation Administration couldn’t get 20 managers to agree on a new computer system, they called Evans. One Ford project back in the 1990s involved getting a union to agree to give up pencil and paper for automation. It did. She calls it “real operational impact.” I call it getting people to talk. As one client put it to her: “I don’t need any more pointy headed engineers. I need people who can make the pointy headed engineers talk to each other.” An owner’s pride in their company is what drives many people to success. Billionaire Warren Buffett appeals to a creator’s ego when he tells a business owner that the company will live on and the owner can run it if they just sell to Buffett. Evans understands this too, going back to when she worked summers in the office of her father’s Milwaukee heating company, called Gross Heating. (He had bought the firm from the previous owner, Mr. Gross.) Her father’s personal touch, which she tries to distill with her clients, still resonates. A few of Evans’s anchor clients have been with her since she started. Ford has been a client for 22 years. She has worked with the International Monetary Fund for 18 years and the FAA for nine. The oldest of four siblings, Evans has been overachieving since grammar school. Those gritty disappointments as a child toughened her, such as when she had to settle for a meaningless title as class secretary after losing her bid for class president. “That instance motivated me,” she said. She went on to be home-room president and editor of the newspaper at the all-girls high school she attended. “I embraced the opportunities for different challenges,” she said. “I got it from both of my parents. They had high expectations. They gave us all long leashes, but they had expectations. If you screwed up, you had to rectify it next time around.” These kinds of people build businesses. She worked as a checkout person in a Herb Kohl grocery store between her college years at the University of Dayton, where the math whiz majored in computer science. Kohl interviewed her personally, firing off math problems to her and three other applicants to learn who could answer the problem most quickly. Those were the pre-scanner days when you had to know what to charge if three peaches were 52 cents and the customer was buying one. Or two. She worked at nearby Wright-Patterson Air Force Base after college. “I built software that would help aircraft cockpit engineers design layouts so that pilots would not lose their kneecaps when ejecting,” she said. It involved measuring the human body’s proportions against its surroundings, a science known as anthropometry, which would be a defining characteristic of Evans’s career. When she earned her PhD in engineering from the University of Michigan, Evans’s area of study was designing workstations to help employees be efficient and healthy. Ergonomics. She and her husband moved to Arlington, where he taught college and she worked with the Defense Department. Ford approached her about a project involving workplace safety and efficiency. She quit her job and launched Evans Inc. from her kitchen table. More than 20 years on, Evans Inc. has a nearly 90 percent employee retention rate. If you find a new hire for Evans, you get a $3,000 check. It helps that the company provides health care and a 401(k) match. The owner takes a salary and earns a distribution on the profit, which usually runs about 10 percent. Some of her company’s mission has a touchy-feely aspect to it. “It’s left brain, right brain,” she said. “Business owners want to know about numbers and analyze the process. Left brain. But to implement that, you need to have a right-brain side to engage people and get them to accept the change.” She uses personality tests and behavior assessments designed to test tolerances for change and conflict. “It comes down to getting people to talk to one another and listen to each other. Sometimes, it’s going out after the meeting and drinking with them. Other times, it’s bringing in social workers to talk with people in a way so they realize they are not that different from one another.” She was headed last Thursday back to Milwaukee, where she was to receive her high school’s Alumna of the Year award, honoring her achievements. Evans wrote me a note before she got on the plane, explaining in greater detail why she wanted her business to last. “One thing I remember about my father and his customers is he would remember their names and they were customers for life,” she said. “He would visit them in hospitals, attend their funerals, and remain connected on levels that are uncommon today. “I remember that when I worked in the office of Gross Heating between my junior and senior years of college and dealt with customers, the customer cards showed interactions that went back decades. He kept customers for life, or at least decades.” And you know what? His son, Evans’s brother, bought the business and still owns it. Guess her dad made an impression. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Thomas Heath is a local business reporter and columnist, writing about entrepreneurs and various companies big and small in the Washington Metropolitan area. Previously, he wrote about the business of sports for The Post’s sports section for most of a decade. Follow @addedvalueth Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 2 Trump just took credit for stopping Ford from moving a plant to Mexico. But it wasn’t planning to. 3 In Twin Falls, Idaho, co-dependency of whites and immigrants faces a test 4 Larry Summers: ‘Political correctness’ has become a codeword for hate 5 With Treasury candidate come possible conflicts Market Watch DJIA -0.17% NASDAQ -0.21% Get quote Last Update: 10:50 AM 11/18/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Aerospace Fasteners Market by Product, Application, Aircraft Type, End User, Material Type and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 04, 2016, 18:06 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Oct. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- "Increasing aircraft orders is a major factor driving the aerospace fasteners market globally'' The aerospace fasteners market is projected to grow from USD 5.49 billion in 2016 to USD 7.73 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 7.08%. Factors influencing the growth of this market include the rise in aircraft orders due to the growth in air transport in emerging economies. The growth of aerospace fasteners market is directly proportional to the health of the airline industry. Due to application specific requirements of raw materials and limited number of suppliers, raw materials management is a burning issue for aerospace fastener manufacturers. "Wide body aircraft segment is projected to be the fastest-growing segment during the forecast period" Increased efficiencies and lower oil prices have saved the airline industry tens of billions of dollars. The airline industry also produced record breaking operating results in terms of profits and increased efficiencies, which have resulted in increased implementation of new aircraft. In the next 10 years, the number of wide body airplanes entering the replacement zone will double. "Nuts & bolts segment is projected to be the fastest-growing segment during the forecast period" With the rise in aircraft orders in emerging regions such as Asia–Pacific and also in North America and Europe, the requirement for aerospace fasteners is high. Maintenance activities for existing aircraft fleet will also lead to increased demand of aerospace fasteners. Nuts & bolts are used extensively during manufacturing and maintenance process as they have high tensile strength and their ability to affix critical structural components together. Owing to this, the nuts & bolts segment is projected to be the fastest-growing segment during the forecast period. "Europe is estimated to be the largest market while Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest-growing market during the forecast period" Considering the number of suppliers for aircraft components in European countries, it is estimated to be the largest market for aerospace fasteners during the forecast period. On the other hand, Asia-Pacific region is projected to be the fastest-growing market during the forecast period owing to the presence of emerging economies, increased air travel, and rising demands for aircraft. Following is the break-up of primary interviews conducted for research study: - By Company Type: Tier 1 – 35%, Tier 2 – 45%, and Tier 3 – 20% - By Designation: C level – 35%, Director level – 25%, and Others – 40% - By Region: North America - 45%, Europe – 30%, APAC – 20%, RoW – 5% The ecosystem of the aerospace fasteners market comprises raw material suppliers; OEMs (component manufacturers) such as Alcoa Fastening Systems & Rings (U.S.), LISI Aerospace (U.S.), Precision Castparts Corp. (U.S.), Stanley Black & Decker Inc. (U.S.); airplane manufacturers such as Boeing (U.S.), Airbus (France), Bombardier (Canada), Embraer (Brazil), Comac (China), Dassault Systèmes (France), among others; and end users. Market segments covered under the aerospace fasteners market are: - By Product (Rivets, Nuts & Bolts, Screws, Others) - By Application (Fuselage, Control Surfaces, Interior) - By Aircraft Type ( NBA, WBA, VLA, Regional Jets, Business Jets, Fighter Jets) - By End User (Commercial, Defense) - By Material Type (Aluminum, Titanium, Alloy Steel, Others) Reasons to Buy the Report: From an insights perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analysis —industry analysis (industry trends, market share analysis of top players, value chain analysis, and company profiles), which together comprise and discuss basic views on competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the aerospace fasteners market, high-growth regions and countries, along with the market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. The report provides insights into the following pointers: - Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on fasteners offered by the top 10 market players - Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on research & development activities and new product launches in the aerospace fasteners market - Market Development: Comprehensive information about emerging markets - the report analyzes the markets for aerospace fasteners market across regions - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the aerospace fasteners market - Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, strategies, and products of leading players in the aerospace fasteners market Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04194697-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aerospace-fasteners-market-by-product-application-aircraft-type-end-user-material-type-and-region---global-forecast-to-2021-300339309.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 05:41 ETCaribbean Telecommunications Report Q4 2016 Nov 17, 2016, 21:00 ETElevators Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aerospace Fasteners Market by Product, Application, Aircraft Type, End User, Material Type and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by Reportlinker Oct 04, 2016, 18:06 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Canadian military to ask Ottawa to approve up to $500 million in spending for CF-18 upgrades David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen  10.04.2016 A Canadian Forces CF-18 Hornet fighter jet. The CF-18 upgrade would keep the planes flying until 2025, giving the government some breathing room to organize the purchase of replacements A CF-18 Hornet on the runway at CFB Cold Lake Alberta, Oct. 21, 2014. ShareAdjustCommentPrint The Canadian military is hoping to ask the government early next year for approval to spend up to $500 million to modernize its CF-18 fighter jets. The upgrade would keep the planes flying until 2025, giving the government some breathing room to organize the purchase of replacements and make sure they are delivered before the older jets are taken out of service. Work has already started to ensure the CF-18s are structurally sound. Now, the military is analyzing improvement options for communications equipment to deal with changes in civil aviation regulations. There could be other upgrades to weapons and how the CF-18s communicate and operate with Allied fighter jets. “This project is expected to go for potential government submission early in 2017,” said Ashley Lemire, Department of National Defence spokeswoman. The options focus “on what is required from a regulatory and interoperability perspective.” The DND estimates the cost of the modernization at between $250 million and $499 million, depending on the options chosen and what the government accepts, say defence sources. Military officers say the upgrades will have to be done by 2021 to make financial sense — new fighter jets are expected by 2025. That means decisions on the upgrades must be made and contracts placed by 2018. Since 2002, Canada has spent $2.6 billion modernizing the CF-18s. The planes were bought in 1982. The Conservative government planned to buy 65 F-35 stealth fighters to replace the CF-18s. The purchase was put on hold as the cost ballooned and technical problems emerged. During last year’s federal election, the Liberals said they would buy a less expensive fighter jet if they came to power. In June, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said the F-35 “does not work, and is far from working.” But the Liberal promise not to buy the F-35 has been thrown into question by Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, who has said any competition would be open to all jets. He  has insisted the government must move “quickly” selecting a new fighter jet, but has not outlined any timetable. Last month, the House of Commons defence committee called on the government to pick a replacement within a year. It pointed out the costs of the new jets should be well documented so other military equipment programs would not be affected. Both the NDP and Conservatives argued the report was written to support the Liberal government’s defence strategy. “The committee report marshals evidence to bolster the Liberal decision to sole-source the purchase of Super Hornets,” the NDP said in its submission. That refers to the Liberals’ attempt in the summer to buy Super Hornet fighter jets, built by Boeing, instead of holding a competition. The plan was put on hold after it prematurely became public when Postmedia revealed the scheme. Industry sources say they believe some senior Liberals still hope to revive the Super Hornet sole-source purchase in the near future. Sajjan has said the Canadian military is facing a “capability gap” since the CF-18 fleet can’t handle  the country’s commitments to NATO and the North American Aerospace Defence Command’s needs to protect the continent. “Between our NORAD and NATO commitments and how many jets are serviceable at one time, we cannot meet both those requirements simultaneously,” he said in July. “The Canadian Armed Forces have been risk-managing this problem for some time now and the previous government found it acceptable. I do not, and I want to make sure that we give all the tools necessary not to put the Canadian Armed Forces in a scenario to risk-manage.” Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Canadian military to ask Ottawa to approve up to $500 million in spending for CF-18 upgrades Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia Martial arts teacher offers free lessons to bullied Windsor teenAppalled by the Windsor bullying video that went viral last week, Belle River karate teacher Brian Brunelle wants to offer free lessons to the teen victim in the video — but not necessarily so that she can hit back. How an accused killer walked free — and the uncertain future facing victimsThe mother of a man killed in May 2013 will wait 44 months from the day her son’s alleged killer was charged to the day his trial is expected to begin, and now fears a result more heinous than just delay. Michael Wassill’s mother is concerned whether the man accused of killing her son will ever […] 4 questions about Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, answeredWhat kind of beasts are we talking about, and why are they so fantastic? They’re magical creatures as examined in magizoology, a field of study in the Harry Potter cannon. You know, your standard Glumbumbles (melancholy-inducing insects), Kneazles (smart catlike […] Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Are fingers pointed at Fraser over Clark rulings pointless?VICTORIA — Conflict-of-Interest Commissioner Paul Fraser weighed in this week on the broader implications... Vaughn Palmer: Liberals can turn legal lemon into K-12 lemonade  VICTORIA — For the sixth year running, public consultations on the coming provincial budget have... Pete McMartin: Trump's win was no victory for the Common ManLast weekend, in the wake of the presidential election, viewers of CBS Sunday Morning were treated to...
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE How Conman Jerry Balisok Pulled the Ultimate Disappearing Act Share Meg Van Huygen filed under: crime, death, weird Image credit:  Graveaddiction via Find A Grave  Like us on Facebook In early 1979, Marjorie Balisok had her hands full. For several months, she’d been handling the legal aftermath of her adult son Jerry’s sudden disappearance from Alabama. He was facing 13 counts of forgery for writing bad checks in connection with his motorcycle business, and in addition to juggling Jerry’s leftover red tape, Marjorie was also dealing with the police and the FBI as they searched for her 23-year-old son. But in January of ’79, Marjorie saw a photo in LIFE magazine that shocked her. In the image, which depicted hundreds of the deceased victims of the Jonestown Massacre in Guyana from the previous November, she spotted Jerry and his wife, Debbie, along with Debbie’s 5-year-old son. Marjorie contacted the U.S. State Department’s Jonestown Task Force and told them she wanted to claim the body of her son. But the State Department informed her that none of the bodies examined were “anywhere close” to being that of Jerry Balisok, nor were any those of his wife and stepson. Dental X-rays had been taken of all the deceased, and there were zero matches with Jerry’s dental records. This was before DNA testing was available, and the government was extremely reluctant to release a body to anyone unless its identity had been 100 percent confirmed. They couldn’t just take a grieving mother’s word, especially when it was based off of a grainy photo in a magazine. Marjorie tried sending the task force an X-ray of Jerry’s pelvis, showing a steel pin that was inserted after a motorcycle accident, and demanded that they examine all of the unclaimed bodies to find out if anyone had a pin in their hip. Task force officials informed her that with the very rapid damage the corpses had already suffered from lying for days in the hot Guyanese sun, and the months that had elapsed since the incident, the bodies were way too decomposed to allow that kind of manhandling. Again, she was denied. But Marjorie became obsessed with the photograph in LIFE. She told the press, “[t]here is no doubt in my mind about that figure being the body of my son. He is lying with his dark brownish-auburn curly head pointing toward the bottom of the picture and the page.” However, a member of the Jonestown Task Force, Reid Clark, said that they enlarged the photograph in question 40 times, and told the press: “I defy anyone to say that’s him ... You’d think she’d be thanking us instead of damning us.” Google News/Spartanburg Herald   Marjorie also revealed another source of frustration to the Associated Press: “I have tried in every way to have my son’s body returned to me for burial,” she told a reporter. “I have insurance policies of all kinds that I cannot cash in until I have a death certificate or certificate of presumed death.” Naturally, the FBI was also investigating the Jonestown lead, but they ultimately determined that there was no evidence Jerry Balisok had even left the United States. It was known that Jerry and his wife had been on the lam in the Caribbean about a year before the massacre—which his mother learned when she was sent a bill for about $10,000 her son had charged on her American Express card from the Bahamas—and prior to that there had been a flurry of charges in Miami. Investigators seemed to think that was a better place to look for Balisok than anywhere overseas. In May 1979, 248 unclaimed bodies from Jonestown were sent to Oakland, California, for burial. According to an acquaintance of hers, Marjorie Balisok was waiting for the plane when the coffins were unloaded, ready to intercept and locate her son’s, but she was evidently unsuccessful. The bodies went into the ground, with Marjorie convinced that Jerry and his wife Debbie were definitely among the 20 adults who were buried in the mass grave. With no options left other than to get the very last word, Marjorie had a tombstone made for her son and installed above an empty grave in the family plot at Maple Hill Cemetery in Huntsville, Alabama. The inscription reads, in part, “DAMN THE STATE DEPT.” along the bottom. Marjorie herself died in 1983, maintaining to the end of her days that her son was a victim of the Peoples Temple cult. Her own tombstone, which she shares with her husband Coleman, can be found next to that of her youngest son. The FBI placed surveillance on Marjorie’s funeral, camping out on the chance that Jerry would turn up, but no dice. A few years later, with still no sign of Jerry Balisok, the authorities were at last satisfied that he was dead, and dropped all charges against him. The view from Tiger Mountain. Image credit: Joel via Flickr // CC BY-NC-ND 2.0   That's where the story stayed until 1989, when a 34-year-old man named Ricky Wetta was arrested and tried in Seattle for attempted murder. After shooting his former business partner in the head following an afternoon of target practice on Tiger Mountain near Issaquah, Washington, Wetta was booked into the King County Jail, but his fingerprints soon revealed that he wasn’t who he said he was. There was, it seemed, a real Ricky Wetta living in Florida (who had fingerprints on record from a misdemeanor 15 years earlier), but the man in custody in Seattle wasn’t him, and he refused to cop to his true identity. Leaning on Fifth Amendment guarantees that protect a suspect against self-incrimination, the man went through the entire trial as John Doe. A month after the trial, though, a persistent King County Police detective named Randy Mullinax finally sussed out the suspect’s birth name: Jerry Bibb Balisok. Instead of defecting to Guyana and meeting death in Jonestown, Jerry and Debbie had, in fact, hung out in Florida for a while (just as the cops had suspected), then moved to the mundane Seattle suburb of Renton at some point. After obtaining Ricky A. Wetta’s birth certificate, Jerry helped himself to the man’s identity, and the family lived as Wettas for over a decade, having three more kids. Jerry worked various jobs over the years, including a gig as a professional wrestler named Mr. X and a stint at Boeing—until he was fired when HR figured out he didn’t actually go to the University of Cambridge in the UK as he’d purported. Later, it seems, he decided he preferred investment schemes to jobs. While wandering from scam to scam, Jerry drifted into the acquaintance of Emmett Thompson, 12 years his junior, with whom he “did business” for a time. Although they were friendly for a while, Thompson had begun the process of extracting himself from Balisok/Wetta’s life by the time his business partner invited him to go target practicing on Tiger Mountain, about an hour outside of Seattle. In an ensuing trial, Thompson testified that he was shot four times on the mountain, allegedly over a 1988 arson plot targeting the Columbian Hotel in Wenatchee, Washington. (Balisok had purchased the hotel for $135,000, then taken out a $4.6 million insurance policy on it a month before it burned down.) Throughout the trial, Balisok steadfastly declined to answer almost all queries about his identity; he was addressed variously as John Doe and Ricky Wetta. Based on the transcript from the 1989 cross-examination, questioning Ricky/John/Jerry went something like this: DEPUTY PROSECUTOR MICHAEL HOGAN: You've talked about your health history, Mr. Wetta. You've testified that your weight, as you went through school – where did you go to school, Mr. Wetta? DEFENSE ATTORNEY ANNE ENGELHARD: Objection. This isn't relevant. THE COURT: You may answer. HOGAN: Where did you go to grade school, Mr. Wetta? JOHN DOE: I refuse to answer your question. HOGAN: Where did you go to high school where you told us those weights? DOE: I believe I got a G.E.D. in the State of Washington in 1979. HOGAN: But when you were a teenager, did you attend high school? DOE: I refuse to answer that question also. HOGAN: And you used to be a professional wrestler, didn't you, Mr. Wetta? DOE: And I also refuse to answer that question. Balisok claimed to have shot Thompson in self-defense, but the jury didn’t buy it, and in February of 1990 he was found guilty. Two months later, Balisok was sentenced to 20 years in prison for attempted murder in the first degree. He was ultimately acquitted of the arson charges. A few years later, in 1992, Balisok’s wife, Debbie, divorced him, changing her surname and those of their three children from Wetta to Taylor, her maiden name. (One of their sons, John, is now a fitness coach who was featured on the weight-loss series Too Fat for 15.) Balisok’s long stay at Washington State Penitentiary in Walla Walla was characterized by multiple lawsuits against prison staff, alleging violations of his First, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendment rights for not being allowed to wear his yarmulke in solitary confinement, or arguing that his due process rights were violated when he was expelled from a prison math class as a sanction for withholding information about a classmate who’d cheated on a test. (He lost both of these cases.) One of these lawsuits, against Balisok’s hearing officer, went all the way to the Supreme Court, and although Balisok lost yet again—he’d alleged that his hearing officer had concealed witness statements that could have helped him during a disciplinary proceeding—the case was important because it affirmed the ability of prisoners to challenge such disciplinary proceedings in the first place. Philip Cohen via Flickr // CC BY-SA 2.0   Balisok’s life got no less bizarre after he was released from prison in 2003. He changed his name from Jerry Bibb Balisok to Harrison Rains Hanover the following year, then married two different women in short succession, both of whom filed for protection orders against him, citing domestic abuse. In 2008, before they were divorced, the second of these women registered a nonprofit with the state of Washington called the First Hanoverian Church, listing herself as the director and Balisok/Hanover as chairman. He also occasionally used the variant Harrison Hansover, with an s. A year after the church was registered, he fled to Costa Rica after getting busted on a failed scheme to embezzle approximately $4.6 million. The idea was to intercept funds to be paid by telecommunications companies Cox and Comcast to a mutual vendor they both used, but the money was instead diverted into a bank account opened by Balisok and an accomplice. The bank quickly froze the funds, however, and Balisok ended up with only about half a million in his pocket before he skipped town. He then popped up next door in Nicaragua in October of 2012, where he was arrested and charged with a handful of crimes related to the sexual exploitation of minors. Balisok/Hanover was sentenced to 24 years in a Nicaraguan prison; his lawyer, found guilty as his accomplice, received six years herself. In April 2013, a flurry of articles in Spanish-language newspapers throughout Latin America reported that Balisok had suffered a heart attack while in prison in Granada, Nicaragua, and died after being transferred to the hospital. The newspapers tied the event to his former accomplishments as Jerry Balisok and attributed the cause to extreme heat in his cell, which triggered other inmates’ families to file complaints about the high temperatures the prisoners were suffering, along with other health hazards within the prison. Normally, a report of a person’s death in multiple newspapers would probably be enough to affirm their death, but an exception might be made in the case of Jerry Balisok. As of this writing, no death certificate for Balisok has been made publicly available, nor is the location of his burial known. Without those pieces of data, and knowing Balisok’s predilection for deceit, it might be wise to stay skeptical about whether he’s actually gone from this earth. One thing’s for sure: whether or not Jerry Bibb Balisok a.k.a. Ricky Wetta a.k.a. Harrison Rains Hanover a.k.a. Harrison Rains Hansover is, in fact, dead, his body isn’t under that headstone in Alabama with his name on it. At least, not yet. More from mental_floss...  11 Times Companies Bowed to Customer Outcry  Giant Koosh Ball vs. Liquid Nitrogen  10 Memorable Dr. Seuss Quotes for His Birthday  Incredible Photos of a Melting Ice Hotel October 4, 2016 - 5:00pm Share Meg Van Huygen mental_floss A native (and current) Seattleite, Meg van Huygen studied classical piano performance at Cornish College of the Arts with a sort-of minor in cartooning. She daylights as a copy editor, and her work has appeared in The Stranger, Seattle Weekly, and Atlas Obscura among many other publications. She hosts a spelling bee in a bar, lectures on geography at various venues, plays the accordion in a few bands, karaokes competitively, and is on a mission to visit every U.S. state capitol.  View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss The World's Countries Swapped According to Their Population Why Is AriZona Iced Tea Cheaper Than Water? A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award POPULAR ON mental_floss Rid Your Feed of Fake News With This Hoax-Detecting Chrome Extension The Mysterious Case of the Skeleton in the Cylinder Father Pens Spot-On Response to Son's Permission Slip to Read 'Fahrenheit 451' POPULAR ON mental_floss 3 Dirty Songs by Mozart 12 Smart Facts About ‘Revenge of the Nerds’ Today's Top Amazon Deals Feel Like Early Black Friday Specials POPULAR ON mental_floss What Goes in the Empty Box? Match the Movie to Its Poor Description Here's Why Grape Ice Cream Isn't a Thing POPULAR ON mental_floss Name the States With No Repeated Vowels Science Proves the Supreme Power of Bassists 25 of Oscar Wilde's Wittiest Quotes POPULAR ON mental_floss What Country Eats the Most Turkey? Can Members of the Electoral College Reverse the Results of a Presidential Election? Pick the Correct Word for Each Definition NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.

Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > TUI And Etihad To Own New Austria-Based Leisure Carrier You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN TUI And Etihad To Own New Austria-Based Leisure Carrier Oct 4, 2016 Jens Flottau | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 TUIfly FRANKFURT—TUI Group’s board of directors plans to decide the combination of leisure carrier TUIfly with Air Berlin’s Austrian unit Niki at its next meeting, scheduled for Oct. 26, industry sources tell Aviation Daily. According to people familiar with the situation, the new Vienna, Austria-based airline will consist of TUIfly’s operation of 27 Boeing 737s, 14 additional aircraft the carrier currently wet-leases to Air Berlin, and 20 aircraft operated by Niki. Air ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must be a paid subscriber to access "TUI And Etihad To Own New Austria-Based Leisure Carrier".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Etihad, TUI Confirm Talks On New Leisure Airline   Etihad, TUI Confirm Talks On New Leisure Airline   Air Berlin's Restructuring To Be Widened As Etihad Leads Talks With TUI 3   Air Berlin's Restructuring To Be Widened As Etihad Leads Talks With TUI 3   TUI Board Nears Airline Divestment Decision   Advertisement Premium Commercial Content AAPA: Asian Airline Health Remains Robust  Few New Details Mark Metrojet A321 Crash Anniversary  Republic Airways Holdings Plans Bankruptcy Emergence  PAL Eyes U.S. Routes For A350s  TUI Board Nears Airline Divestment Decision  Rely on Aviation Daily’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Southwest Airlines Offers Domestic Fares Starting As Low As $49 One-Way And International Fares As Low As $99 One-Way To Select Destinations! Why stay when you wanna get away? News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 04, 2016, 12:24 ET Share this article DALLAS, Oct. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) is launching a three-day sale offering extra low fares for winter travel, so book your next trip now!  Customers may take advantage of low domestic fares starting at $49, $79, $99, and $129 one-way to select destinations today through Thursday, Oct. 6, 2016, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Seats and days are limited. Customers may also book flights to international destinations with some of Southwest's low international fares starting at $99 one-way to select destinations today through Thursday, Oct. 6, 2016, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city.  Seats and days are limited. Continue Reading See below for examples of these great low fares and for restrictions and exclusions. "This winter, Customers can get away with Southwest Airlines' low fares, no change fees* and up to two bags that fly free*," said Bob Jordan, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. "With low fares, an expanding list of international destinations, and an incredible Rapid Rewards® program, you can't afford to not take advantage of this sale. Say Yes to low fares with nothing to hide—that's Transfarency." ** There are never change fees, though fare differences might apply; first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply; free live TV where available for a limited time. To see the full list of available cities and prices, and to take advantage of Southwest's special fares, visit Southwest.com.  Examples of Southwest Airlines' domestic low fares include (see fare rules below): As low as $49 one-way nonstop between Atlanta and Chicago (Midway) As low as $79 one-way nonstop between Denver and Los Angeles (LAX) As low as $99 one-way nonstop between Milwaukee and Orlando As low as $129 one-way nonstop between Houston (Hobby) and Phoenix Fares are available for travel on nonstop, domestic flights, except for Fridays and Sundays, from Nov. 30 through Dec. 20, 2016, and Jan. 4 through Feb. 15, 2017. (Travel to Florida and Nevada and from Florida to Nevada is valid only on Sundays through Wednesdays. Travel from Florida and Nevada and from Nevada to Florida is valid only on Tuesdays through Fridays. Travel to and from San Juan, Puerto Rico is valid Monday through Thursday. There are no blackout dates; check fare rules below for restrictions and exclusions). Seats are limited. Examples of Southwest Airlines' international low fares include (see fare rules below): As low as $99 one-way nonstop from Orlando to Aruba As low as $129 one-way nonstop from Los Angeles (LAX) to Puerto Vallarta Fares are available for travel on nonstop flights on Tuesdays and Wednesdays beginning Nov. 30 through Dec. 13, 2016 and Jan. 10 through March 2, 2017.  Check fare rules below for restrictions and exclusions. Seats are limited. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 52,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 98 destinations in the United States and seven additional countries with service to Cuba expected to begin later this year, subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as more than 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners*. Southwest created Transfarency℠, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. SOUTHWEST AIRLINES SALE FARE RULES Purchase Oct. 4-6, 2016, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Domestic travel is valid Nov. 30 through Dec. 20, 2016, and Jan. 4 through Feb. 15, 2017. Travel to/from San Juan, Puerto Rico is valid Nov. 30 through Dec. 8, 2016, and Jan. 17 through March 2, 2017. International travel is valid Nov. 30 through Dec. 13, 2016, and Jan. 10 through March 2, 2017. Domestic travel is not valid on Fridays and Sundays. Travel to and from both Florida and Nevada is valid only on Sundays through Wednesdays. Travel from Florida and Nevada and from Nevada to Florida is valid only on Tuesdays through Fridays. Travel to/from San Juan, Puerto Rico is valid Monday thru Thursday. International travel is valid only on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Fares are valid only on nonstop service. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won't be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available for one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines® combinable fares. If combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare's rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled departure of the flight. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds in the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel requires an upgrade to the Anytime fare. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies to published, scheduled service only.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-offers-domestic-fares-starting-as-low-as-49-one-way-and-international-fares-as-low-as-99-one-way-to-select-destinations-300338981.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Southwest Airlines Offers Domestic Fares Starting As Low As $49 One-Way And International Fares As Low As $99 One-Way To Select Destinations! News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 04, 2016, 12:24 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Delhi Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News Home » City News » Delhi Air Force would like to induct more Rafales: IAF chief New Delhi, Oct 4 (IANS) The Indian Air Force (IAF) would like to induct more Rafale fighter planes, but any decision on this would be taken in the future depending on desirability, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha said on Tuesday.IANS | Oct 4, 2016, 09.42 PM IST New Delhi, Oct 4 (IANS) The Indian Air Force (IAF) would like to induct more Rafale fighter planes, but any decision on this would be taken in the future depending on desirability, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha said on Tuesday. "We would like to have more (Rafales) but it is a decision which will be taken in the near future, based on capability and desirability for the aircraft of this kind," the Air Force chief said at the annual IAF press conference here. The presser comes ahead of Indian Air Force Day on October 8. "Any air force will be proud to have an aircraft of Rafale class, which in the mid-weight category." "In terms of weapon capability, its avionics, instrumentation and electronics are exceptional. It is one of the leading fighter aircraft of the current generation. We are proud the contract has been signed and we will get it in three to five and a half years," Raha said. India inked a deal with France to buy 36 Rafale multi-role fighters manufacturered by Dassault Aviation on September 23. The $7.87 billion (about Rs 59,000 crore) inter-government agreement on the purchase of the aircraft in fly-away condition was signed by Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian. "We want to have a mix of fighter aircraft like the Sukhoi Su 30, the medium-weight category like Rafale, and of course the light-weight category Tejas, which we will induct in large numbers in the next 10 years," he said. The IAF chief also spoke on the plans to start a new line of manufacturing of fighter jets in India and said there were unsolicited offers, adding that (Swedish) Gripen was the best as it is the latest. On the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas, Raha said two LCAs have already been pressed into service whereas two more will be inducted in its first squadron by the year-end. "In another year and a half, we will have a full squadron of the LCA with IOC (initial operational clearance) version," he said. Tejas is an Indian single-seat, single-jet engine, multi-role light fighter plane designed by Aeronautical Development Agency and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for the IAF and the Navy. Tejas has so far got only the initial operational clearance. The final operational clearance (FOC) for Tejas is awaited which, Raha said, will be coming in five to six months. "We have also cleared formation of a squadron with FOC version towards which HAL is working very hard. We are sure that in five to six months, the clearance will be obtained and the company will start production of this aircraft as well," he said. The IAF chief said the FOC version is likely to be operational in an IAF squadron in another three years. He said there are "unsolicited offers" from aircraft manufacturers like Boeing, Saab and Lockheed Martin to manufacture fighter aircraft in India and said the company which offered the best deal will be selected. "I mentioned earlier that the government of India and the Air Force are thinking of getting another fighter aircraft production line in India under manufacturer licence. It will be proper transfer of technology so that we have good share of technology and India will become a hub for manufacturing as well as repair and overhaul," Raha said. "Whosoever gives the best deal; they are all very capable... I think Gripen is latest in terms of generation. It is a new aircraft compared to F-16, but it depends on the capability and what sort of technology transfer in terms of depth and quantity and quality, and of course the price tag, will decided which aircraft will be manufactured in future under the 'Make in India' initiative. It is on the table and nothing is decided yet." On the inter-government agreement with Russia for the purchase of a fifth-generation aircraft, the Air Force chief said the discussions are in an advanced stage and a "lot of clarity" has come in the matter. He expressed the hope that a decision in the matter will be taken "sooner than later". --IANS ao/tsb/vm Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular 'Acting on terror': Pak envoy lies to US despite Hafiz Saeed's rallies Tendulkar would hit 100 and then shop, reveals Ganguly India strikes back, carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads at LoC It is not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes: Anna to Kejriwal Social activist Anna Hazare expressed disagreement with his one-time protege and Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, saying it is not right to ask for proof of surgical strikes by the army on terror camps in PoK. People of different communities dance to the tune of Garba Happiness can well be seen at this Garba class. People of different nationalities and communities participated at this feisty class. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7youth frontUday Umesh Lalittejas rahaTejastannishtha radhika Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Delhi Delhi Travel Guide How to reach Delhi Get to know Delhi Hotels in Delhi Restaurants in Delhi Places to visit in Delhi Things to do in Delhi Shopping in Delhi Nightlife in Delhi Weekend getaways from Delhi Itineraries Delhi Map Delhi Photos Haunted Places in Delhi Download Delhi Travel Guide Delhi To Goa Flights Delhi to Bangalore Flights Delhi To Pune Flights From our Global Partners Airlines offer special fares for festive season FSSAI proposes to regulate non-specified food & ingredients Airlines announce special fares Rape-cum-murder: SC rejects review plea of death row convict SC tells Jung, Kejriwal to meet over chikungunya, dengue Airlines to operate more flights amid rising passenger demand Aluminium, copper prices to remain flat in near term: ICRA Govt mulling to prepone Winter session Girl kidnapped from Delhi rescued in Bihar 1Air Force would like to induct more Rafales: IAF chief 2Airlines offer special fares for festive season 3FSSAI proposes to regulate non-specified food & ingredients 4Airlines announce special fares 5Rape-cum-murder: SC rejects review plea of death row convict 6SC tells Jung, Kejriwal to meet over chikungunya, dengue 7Airlines to operate more flights amid rising passenger demand 8Aluminium, copper prices to remain flat in near term: ICRA 9Govt mulling to prepone Winter session 10Girl kidnapped from Delhi rescued in Bihar About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack Indore Test Match Google Pixel Launch US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Cauvery Water Dispute Breaking News Dussehra 2016 Jayalalitha Health Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Aerospace & Defense | Surveys, Polls and Research Small Satellite Market Projected to Grow at 19.54% CAGR as Applications Development Rise From 2016 to 2021F PUNE, India, October 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to research report, "Global Small Satellite Market (By Type, By Application, By End-Use): Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2016-2021)" the industry is projected to exhibit a CAGR of over ~19.54% during 2016 - 2021, driven by the increasing number of launches and, design and development of low cost satellites. On the basis of market segment, the market has been segmented on basis of type (Nano Satellite, Micro Satellite and Mini Satellite). Complete report on Small Satellite market spread across 215 pages, analysing 10 major companies and providing 28 tables and 90 figures is now available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/700220-global-small-satellite-market-by-type-by-application-by-end-use-trends-opportunities-and-forecasts-2016-2021-by-type-nano-satellite-micro-satellite-mini-satellite-by-application-earth-observation-meteorology-technology-demonstration-broadcasting-telecommunication-scientific-research-exploration-by-end-user-commercial-civil-defense-by-region-north-america-europe-apac-and-row-by-country-us-canada-uk-russia-china-japan-.html. Small satellites are built by small businesses, NGO's and Educational institutions for space access at affordable cost. Global small satellite market is driven by rising investments in space sciences and increasing number of government and private missions. From the market point of view, Small satellite market will increase in the forecast period. However, rising number of launches, secondary payloads and access to earth orbits is expected to give strong growth to the market. Among the regions, North America holds the major market due to increasing advancements and research activities in the region and remains a strong market in the forecast period, followed by the APAC and Europe region. And APAC region will continue to witness strong growth driven by the countries such as China and Japan. The report titled "Global Small Satellite Market (By Type, By Application, By End-Use): Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts (2016-2021)" has analysed the potential of Global Small Satellite Market and provides statistics and information on market size, shares and growth factors. The report intends to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment evaluation. Besides, the report also identifies and analyses the emerging trends along with major drivers, challenges and opportunities in the global small satellite market. Additionally, the report also highlights market supply chain model for various companies across the globe. Order a Copy of Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=700220. Company Profiles covered include those of Boeing Co., Sierra Nevada Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corp, Aerospace Corp, Spire Global Inc., SpaceX, Harris Corporation, Airbus Defence and Space, GeoOptics Inc. and Millennium Space Systems. Another related report is The Global Military Satellites Market 2015-2025 - Country Analysis: Market Profile. This report offers detailed analysis of the global Military Satellites market over the next ten years, and provides extensive market size forecasts by country and sub sector. It covers the key technological and market trends in the Military Satellites market. "The Global Military Satellites Market 2015-2025 Country Analysis: Market Profile" provides details of the key markets in each region, offering an analysis of the top segments of Military Satellites, expected to be in demand. It also investigates the top three expected Military Satellites programs, in terms of demand in the key markets in each region. Comprehensive table of content is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/406967-the-global-military-satellites-market-2015-2025-country-analysis-market-profile.html. Explore other reports on public sector market segments at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/government/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India Tel: +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsnreports.com Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReportsnReports/ LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts RSS/Feeds: http: //www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports More by this Source Global ADHD Market (Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) Analysis and Forecast to 2024 12:30 GMT Travel Adaptor Market in Global and Chinese Industry Analysis and Forecasts 2016 - 2021 10:00 GMT Corporate Training Market to Grow Nearly 11% CAGR to 2020 08:00 GMT View all news by ReportsnReports Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Indian Air Force would like to induct more Rafale fighter jets: Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha - Firstpost Firstpost F. india Front Page Politics Demonetisation debate stalls Parliament for 2nd day: Congress dares Modi; BJP demands apology for Azad's remark Demonetisation: Signs of deep freeze in Mumbai realty as stamp duty, registrations fall by 35% Demonetisation: Modi shying away from debate in Parliament to avoid facing truth, says Congress Demonetisation: Withdrawal limit for marriages perked up, but patients left to suffer Demonetisation or Cauvery issue, AIADMK in Tamil Nadu has to get its act together and fast Debit cards: Govt says Forensic auditor probing data breach Sports India vs England: Ravichandran Ashwin hits out at media, asks them to stop throwing pitch jibes India vs England: Despite Moeen Ali's best efforts, visitors face daunting task to avoid defeat Mannequin Challenge: From Jamie Vardy to Kapil Dev, everyone's joining the viral sensation Fifa President Gianni Infantino wants 32 teams in Club World Cup India vs England: Spinners put hosts on top after visitors' batting collapse India vs England, 2nd Test: Ravichandran Ashwin the all-rounder returns to put hosts in firm command India Indian Navy calls Pakistan's claim of blocking its submarine 'blatant lies' Demonetisation exercise becoming fractured? Too many theories, no clarity Arnab Goswami signs into last evening at Times Now, will exit without a big bang Demonetisation: Data from SBI shows how public sector banks are saving the day for Modi govt Demonetisation: How 'jugaad' payment systems are helping grocers, small vendors to combat cash crunch Demonetisation LIVE: Banks across India to serve senior citizens on Saturday, to remain shut on Sunday World Pakistan terms India's no First Use policy on nukes 'ambiguous', says Parrikar's comments worrisome China finds Donald Trump lookalike: Bird with US President-elect's hairstyle attracts crowd Why is Sheikh Hasina's 'secular' govt so woefully inept at curbing atrocities against Hindus in Bangladesh Manila: Former dictator Ferdinand Marcos given a hero's burial at the Cemetery of Heroes Donald Trump's plan to repeal Obamacare is easier said than done Seismologists warn of more earthquakes in New Zealand after temblor of magnitude 7.8 Business Demonetisation: Currency withdrawal and exchange rules explained in five graphs Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Exorbitant air fares: No limit for metro routes as regional fares capped Demonetisation: Narendra Modi govt owes the common man answers to these two questions Ratan Tata created the mess and he should resolve it quickly, says The Economist Demonetisation: Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? Life Indore's night market is a food lover's paradise: Experience it through this documentary Women’s safety: Technological innovation can help, but cannot actually change people E-cigarettes as harmful for your gum as smoking, reveals study Time magazine's 100 most influential photos of all time include 'Falling Man', 'Iwo Jima' Smokers have higher lifetime risk of fatal blood vessel aneurysm in abdomen Insomnia may up risk of irregular heartbeat, stroke, says study Entertainment Radhika Apte and Sayani Gupta discuss their film Parched on The Firstpost Show Coldplay, who? NCP gets dhol group 'Hotplay' to perform near Global citizen concert venue Suriya, Gautham Menon, Vijay announce new films: Has demonetisation caused insecurity in Kollywood? Shah Rukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor to work in an international film together? Force 2 review: Slick mix of action, John Abraham, suspense and an appealing villain Bigg Boss 9 contestants Suyyash Rai, Kishwer Merchantt to get married on 16 December Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › India News Indian Air Force would like to induct more Rafale fighter jets: Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha Oct 4, 2016 21:34 IST #Air Chief Marshal   #Arup Raha   #IndianAirForce   #Make In India   #Manohar Parrikar   #NewsTracker   #Rafale fighter planes   #Tejas   By IANS New Delhi: The Indian Air Force (IAF) would like to induct more Rafale fighter planes, but any decision on this would be taken in the future depending on desirability, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha said on Tuesday. File image of Rafale jet. Reuters "We would like to have more (Rafales) but it is a decision which will be taken in the near future, based on capability and desirability for the aircraft of this kind," the Air Force chief said at the annual IAF press conference. The presser comes ahead of Indian Air Force Day on 8 October. "Any air force will be proud to have an aircraft of Rafale class, which in the mid-weight category." "In terms of weapon capability, its avionics, instrumentation and electronics are exceptional. It is one of the leading fighter aircraft of the current generation. We are proud the contract has been signed and we will get it in three to five and a half years," Raha said. India inked a deal with France to buy 36 Rafale multi-role fighters manufacturered by Dassault Aviation on 23 September. The $7.87 billion (about Rs 59,000 crore) inter-government agreement on the purchase of the aircraft in fly-away condition was signed by Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian. "We want to have a mix of fighter aircraft like the Sukhoi Su 30, the medium-weight category like Rafale, and of course the light-weight category Tejas, which we will induct in large numbers in the next 10 years," he said. The IAF chief also spoke on the plans to start a new line of manufacturing of fighter jets in India and said there were unsolicited offers, adding that (Swedish) Gripen was the best as it is the latest. On the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas, Raha said two LCAs have already been pressed into service whereas two more will be inducted in its first squadron by the year-end. "In another year and a half, we will have a full squadron of the LCA with IOC (initial operational clearance) version," he said. Tejas is an Indian single-seat, single-jet engine, multi-role light fighter plane designed by Aeronautical Development Agency and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for the IAF and the Navy. Tejas has so far got only the initial operational clearance. The final operational clearance (FOC) for Tejas is awaited which, Raha said, will be coming in five to six months. "We have also cleared formation of a squadron with FOC version towards which HAL is working very hard. We are sure that in five to six months, the clearance will be obtained and the company will start production of this aircraft as well," he said. The IAF chief said the FOC version is likely to be operational in an IAF squadron in another three years. He said there are "unsolicited offers" from aircraft manufacturers like Boeing, Saab and Lockheed Martin to manufacture fighter aircraft in India and said the company which offered the best deal will be selected. "I mentioned earlier that the government of India and the Air Force are thinking of getting another fighter aircraft production line in India under manufacturer licence. It will be proper transfer of technology so that we have good share of technology and India will become a hub for manufacturing as well as repair and overhaul," Raha said. "Whosoever gives the best deal; they are all very capable... I think Gripen is latest in terms of generation. It is a new aircraft compared to F-16, but it depends on the capability and what sort of technology transfer in terms of depth and quantity and quality, and of course the price tag, will decided which aircraft will be manufactured in future under the 'Make in India' initiative. It is on the table and nothing is decided yet." On the inter-government agreement with Russia for the purchase of a fifth-generation aircraft, the Air Force chief said the discussions are in an advanced stage and a "lot of clarity" has come in the matter. He expressed the hope that a decision in the matter will be taken "sooner than later". First Published On : Oct 4, 2016 21:34 IST Related News AgustaWestland scam: Ex-IAF chief SP Tyagi was codenamed 'gorgeous girl', met middlemen 7 times Former Air Chief Marshal OP Mehra passes away India wants quick, peaceful solution to ceasefire violation issue: Air Force chief Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE India Vs England Live Score IND vs ENG | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage ENG 103 5 49.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS LIVE New Zealand Vs Pakistan Live Score NZ vs PAK | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage NZ 104 3 36.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Demonetisation: Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? Demonetisation Brings Former Dreaded Dacoit to Bank in Gwalior - News18 Demonetisation: Nearly 10 days in, the pain has yet to ease for the common man Demonetisation: Myopic Opposition walks straight into trap laid by PM Narendra Modi Stop believing these credit score myths - Moneycontrol Firstpost special report: What India must do to end abuse of children Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 TBC vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM IANS Indian Navy rubbishes Pakistan's claim of chasing away its submarine in territorial waters CSKA Moscow's Roman Eremenko to serve 2 year ban after testing positive for cocaine Demonetisation: Finance ministry debunks myths on new Rs 2,000 note bleeding colour ISL 2016: Delhi Dynamos target semis spot with win against FC Pune City ISL 2016: Scarf sellers say business at venues taken a hit after demonetisation View more 1 Indian Air Force would like to induct more Rafale fighter jets: Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha Demonetisation exercise becoming fractured? Too many theories, no clarity Demonetisation: How 'jugaad' payment systems are helping grocers, small vendors to combat cash crunch Arnab Goswami signs into last evening at Times Now, will exit without a big bang Demonetisation LIVE: Banks across India to serve senior citizens on Saturday, to remain shut on Sunday site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Air Force would like to induct more Rafales: IAF chief Air Force would like to induct more Rafales: IAF chief Source : Last Updated: Tue, Oct 04, 2016 21:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Oct 4 (IANS) The Indian Air Force (IAF) would like to induct more Rafale fighter planes, but any decision on this would be taken in the future depending on desirability, Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha said on Tuesday. "We would like to have more (Rafales) but it is a decision which will be taken in the near future, based on capability and desirability for the aircraft of this kind," the Air Force chief said at the annual IAF press conference here. The presser comes ahead of Indian Air Force Day on October 8. "Any air force will be proud to have an aircraft of Rafale class, which in the mid-weight category." "In terms of weapon capability, its avionics, instrumentation and electronics are exceptional. It is one of the leading fighter aircraft of the current generation. We are proud the contract has been signed and we will get it in three to five and a half years," Raha said. India inked a deal with France to buy 36 Rafale multi-role fighters manufacturered by Dassault Aviation on September 23. The $7.87 billion (about Rs 59,000 crore) inter-government agreement on the purchase of the aircraft in fly-away condition was signed by Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian. "We want to have a mix of fighter aircraft like the Sukhoi Su 30, the medium-weight category like Rafale, and of course the light-weight category Tejas, which we will induct in large numbers in the next 10 years," he said. The IAF chief also spoke on the plans to start a new line of manufacturing of fighter jets in India and said there were unsolicited offers, adding that (Swedish) Gripen was the best as it is the latest. On the Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas, Raha said two LCAs have already been pressed into service whereas two more will be inducted in its first squadron by the year-end. "In another year and a half, we will have a full squadron of the LCA with IOC (initial operational clearance) version," he said. Tejas is an Indian single-seat, single-jet engine, multi-role light fighter plane designed by Aeronautical Development Agency and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for the IAF and the Navy. Tejas has so far got only the initial operational clearance. The final operational clearance (FOC) for Tejas is awaited which, Raha said, will be coming in five to six months. "We have also cleared formation of a squadron with FOC version towards which HAL is working very hard. We are sure that in five to six months, the clearance will be obtained and the company will start production of this aircraft as well," he said. The IAF chief said the FOC version is likely to be operational in an IAF squadron in another three years. He said there are "unsolicited offers" from aircraft manufacturers like Boeing, Saab and Lockheed Martin to manufacture fighter aircraft in India and said the company which offered the best deal will be selected. "I mentioned earlier that the government of India and the Air Force are thinking of getting another fighter aircraft production line in India under manufacturer licence. It will be proper transfer of technology so that we have good share of technology and India will become a hub for manufacturing as well as repair and overhaul," Raha said. "Whosoever gives the best deal; they are all very capable... I think Gripen is latest in terms of generation. It is a new aircraft compared to F-16, but it depends on the capability and what sort of technology transfer in terms of depth and quantity and quality, and of course the price tag, will decided which aircraft will be manufactured in future under the 'Make in India' initiative. It is on the table and nothing is decided yet." On the inter-government agreement with Russia for the purchase of a fifth-generation aircraft, the Air Force chief said the discussions are in an advanced stage and a "lot of clarity" has come in the matter. He expressed the hope that a decision in the matter will be taken "sooner than later". --IANS ao/tsb/vm SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Sections The Evolution of Mission Control Share Facebook Twitter Email Presented by The Evolution of Mission Control Explore in 360-degree video how NASA’s flight control facilities have evolved from the historic 1960s to the present day. By Christian Davenport, Deepak Chetty, video and production, and R.B. Brenner, executive producer ADVERTISEMENT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email More Options Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Published on October 4, 2016 It could almost pass for an ordinary office. Rows upon rows of computers. Muted tones on the wall. The tense hush preserved from a bygone era. NASA’s original Mission Control room is now a tourist site, a historic time capsule that commemorates Neil Armstrong’s “One small step.” But NASA has recently built a new control room, one that it hopes will witness the first steps on the Martian surface. And it’s renovating yet another to be used for the International Space Station. Across the country, new control rooms are popping up. SpaceX, the upstart company founded by Elon Musk, has put its right near the entrance of its headquarters outside of Los Angeles. The sleek, glass-encased room has already witnessed several historic feats: the first commercial spacecraft to reach the station, the first landings of an orbital-class rocket.  Boeing, which along with SpaceX has a contract to fly astronauts to the space station, is building its own control room at Cape Canaveral Florida. Now the two companies are getting closer to restoring the United States’ ability to fly humans again. And with the growth of the commercial space industry, which also promises to soon start flying paying tourists, there is much history yet to be written. Houston is home to NASA’s Mission Control Facilities (Deepak Chetty and R.B. Brenner) The Johnson Space Center is home to astronaut flight training and to Mission Control -- the current facility as well as the historic room used during the Apollo and Gemini missions. Today Mission Control monitors commercial launches and tracks the International Space Station (Deepak Chetty and R.B. Brenner) The modern mission control is primarily tasked with monitoring the astronauts aboard the international space station (ISS) and overseeing the flights that support the ISS. Mission Control oversaw the Apollo space flights and helped save the Apollo 13 crew (Deepak Chetty and R.B. Brenner) NASA has preserved the 1969 control room, allowing a glimpse into the facility that once defined America’s technical achievements and creativity in the face of challenges like the Apollo 13 mission. About this project This story was done in collaboration with the Moody College of Communication at the University of Texas at Austin. Credits Story by Emily Chow, Washington Post Video Politics Opinions Local Sports National World Business Tech Lifestyle Entertainment Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Events washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submission and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Skip to main content Menu Navigation Close Menu Search Blastr Features Original Video Interviews Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Trending The CW Star Wars space AMC Star Trek Doctor Who morse code 31 days of halloween Sections About Us Contributors FAQ Feedback Newsletter Privacy RSS Feed Terms © 2016, Blastr. All rights reserved. Powered by Syfy Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube App Apple Android Search Search Close Search Menu Blastr Search terms Type to begin searching Sorry, no results. Check your spelling and try again. Articles Tags Close Search Blastr Trending Trending Topics The CW Star Wars space AMC Star Trek Doctor Who morse code 31 days of halloween Trending Articles DeadpoolGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2MarvelFox The back room deal Marvel and Fox worked out between Deadpool and Guardians 2 The Walking DeadAMCfan theorymorse code Fans think they spotted a secret code hidden in the latest episode of The Walking Dead Star Trek: DiscoveryCBS All Access CBS exec on why they don't think Star Trek can succeed on broadcast TV anymore stephen amellarrowThe CW Arrow fan fails this city, picks real life fight with Stephen Amell Doctor WhoSteven MoffatChris ChibnallPeter CapaldiBBC Are Peter Capaldi and Pearl Mackie leaving Doctor Who with a 'clean slate' next year? Features Featured Topics Interviews Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Featured Articles Legends of TomorrowThe CWDC ComicsTV Recaps The gang heads back in time to save Jonah Hex in the latest Legends of Tomorrow Fangrrlstwitterlists 8 Twitter parody accounts to get you through one of THOSE days arrowTV RecapsThe CW Arrow takes on Vigilante, and his former self, in the latest episode of Arrow ThundercatslistsrankingsCollectibles Month1980s Every Thundercats action figure, ranked FangrrlsHarry Potterlistsrankingsopinion 12 of Hermione Granger’s best moments in the Harry Potter films Original Video Original Video Articles ArrivalStar TrekGame of ThronesFuturamaOriginal Video Celebrate Arrival with the top 8 fictional languages DC ComicsSuperwomanWonder WomanPhil JimenezNew York Comic Con 2016NYCC 2016Original Video Superwoman writer on the shocking death of Lois Lane, Wonder Woman's sexuality 31 days of halloweenReturn of the Living DeadLinnea QuigleyOriginal Video Watch: How Linnea Quigley reinvented the scream queen FangrrlsWonder Womanlynda carterGal GadotOriginal Video Watch: Lynda Carter, Gal Gadot on hand as Wonder Woman named Honorary Ambassador to the U.N. doctor strangeMarvelOriginal Video Watch: Everything you need to know about Marvel's Doctor Strange Black SailsStarzNew York Comic Con 2016NYCC 2016Original Video Watch: Set sail on a swashbuckling preview of Black Sails Season 4 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Articles Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryStar Wars The seeds of the Rebel Alliance are planted in new Rogue One featurette Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day Image of the Day: Target this terrific new Rogue One IMAX poster Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rush into these rousing new Rogue One: A Star Wars Story international trailers Rogue One: A Star Wars Story New international Rogue One trailer delivers fresh dose of Darth Vader + Death Star fury Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day Image of the Day: Cryptic Rogue One IMAX standee Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryGareth EdwardsStar Wars Gareth Edwards teases conflict within the Empire for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story See All Fangrrls Fangrrls Articles Fangrrlstwitterlists 8 Twitter parody accounts to get you through one of THOSE days FangrrlsHarry Potterlistsrankingsopinion 12 of Hermione Granger’s best moments in the Harry Potter films FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops FangrrlsspaceSpace XVirgin GalacticBlue OriginNASA #SpaceTwitter and the current race into space FangrrlsWonder WomanGal Gadot 8 women who should play Wonder Woman’s love interest in the next film FangrrlsNASAInterviews Women at NASA: What it's like to work at the organization today See All doctor strange doctor strange Articles doctor strangestranger thingscosplay Cosplay we Love: Eleven + Stephen Strange = Dr. Stranger Things doctor strangeMarvel Cinematic UniverseRunawaysThe Defenderslists Weirder Stuff: 5 mystical gateways into the future of the MCU opened up by Doctor Strange PodcastWho Won the Weekdoctor strangeMarvelWonder WomanThe Flash Who Won the Week Episode 48: Doctor Strange doctor strangeScott DerricksonMarveltutting Doctor Strange director explains the insane detail they put into spell-casting in the MCU doctor strangeVirtual RealityMarvel Marvel enlists VR artists to build gorgeous, trippy Doctor Strange alt-reality doctor strangeBenedict CumberbatchMarvel Extended spellbinding Doctor Strange clip will warp your reality See All Powered by Syfy Facebook Twitter Youtube View Latest Close Latest Administration SpaceXFalcon 9space SpaceX investigating possible sabotage as potential factor in Falcon 9 rocket explosion Trent Moore Tue, Oct 04, 2016 10:31am Though Elon Musk has his eyes set on Mars, SpaceX is still firmly planted on Earth this month as the company tries to figure out what went wrong in a recent explosion that destroyed one of its rockets and damaged a launchpad. One option? Sabotage. The Washington Post reports the company is looking into potential sabotage as a factor in the explosion of the company’s Falcon 9 rocket on Sept. 1. Officials say they’ve ruled out all the obvious factors that could’ve caused the rocket to fail and explode, and now they’re looking into the “less probable answers” that could possibly explain the accident. Apparently sabotage is one of those less probable answers. According to the report, a SpaceX representative went to a ULA building in Cape Canaveral, Fla., and asked for access to the roof. If you’re unfamiliar, ULA is a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing — a major competitor for SpaceX. The encounter was described as a “cordial, not accusatory, encounter,” but ULA refused access and instead contacted Air Force investigators (who are assisting in the explosion investigation). After checking out the roof, the Air Force team apparently found nothing that could connect ULA to the explosion. In a statement, SpaceX said the company would not be commenting on the investigation or any potential cause (at least until the case is solved). Regardless, this is just a really weird twist in the ongoing investigation of the Falcon 9 explosion.  With the company keen to get back into the air by November, it’s no surprise SpaceX is working fast and furious to figure out what happened so it can be avoided in the future. Video of SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, satellite destroyed in explosion; Florida (Via The Washington Post) Related Stories Marsspacescience 0 It might be a lot harder than we thought to find life on the surface of Mars Trent Moore spaceMoonAstronomy 2 That’s no moon. That’s a supermoon Carol Pinchefsky MarsEuropean Space Agencybeagle 2space 5 The mystery of what happened to Europe's first Mars lander may have finally been solved Trent Moore FangrrlsspaceSpace XVirgin GalacticBlue OriginNASA 0 #SpaceTwitter and the current race into space Summer Ash More from around the web Latest News Blog View Close Latest Image of the Dayeuropean southern observatoryHubble Space Telescopesciencespace 0 Image of the Day: Peer into eternity with this rare pair of eye-like galaxies Jeff Spry the crowcolin hardyJason Momoa 0 The Crow reboot changes studios, might finally escape development hell Trent Moore Legends of TomorrowThe CWDC ComicsTV Recaps 0 The gang heads back in time to save Jonah Hex in the latest Legends of Tomorrow Trent Moore Collectibles MonthPop FunkoFunkoWestworldAvatar: The Last AirbenderArcherHellboyValiant ComicsKong: Skull Island 0 Get a big head: The Top 12 things Funko hasn't Pop'd! yet Matthew Funk BoneMark Osborne 0 Kung Fu Panda director Mark Osborne injects new life into Bone feature film Jeff Spry Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryStar Wars 0 The seeds of the Rebel Alliance are planted in new Rogue One featurette Nathalie Caron Fangrrlstwitterlists 0 8 Twitter parody accounts to get you through one of THOSE days Geek Girl Diva Lemony Snicket’s A Series of Unfortunate Eventsnetflix 0 Feast upon this tantalizing new trailer + poster for Netflix's A Series Of Unfortunate Events Jeff Spry Collectibles MonthAdam SavagePeter Jackson2001: A Space Odyssey 0 Adam Savage blows a geek gasket touring Peter Jackson's prop collection Jeff Spry StargateDean Devlin 0 Work on that Stargate reboot just 'fell apart' according to Dean Devlin Nathalie Caron Star-Lordmarvel comicsChip Zdarsky 0 Peter Quill is stuck on Earth with Howard the Duck in first look at new Star-Lord comic Trent Moore DC's Legends of TomorrowJonah HexThe CWjohnathon schaech 0 Exclusive: Johnathon Schaech on bringing Jonah Hex back to Legends of Tomorrow Mike Avila Passengersjennifer lawrence 0 Jennifer Lawrence goes for a gravity-free swim in first Passengers clip Nathalie Caron RuptureNoomi RapaceSteven Shainberg 0 Noomi Rapace is abducted in first clip for sci-fi thriller Rupture Nathalie Caron Salemwgn 0 Salem exclusive: Co-creator Adam Simon on that Mary shocker from last night's ep Aaron Sagers channel zero: No-end houseSyfyHorror 0 First footage from Channel Zero's creepy new season, No-End House Trent Moore Dr. MirageThe Death-Defying Doctor MirageValiant ComicsGary DaubermanThe CW 0 Valiant Comics' Dr. Mirage in development as new series at The CW Nathalie Caron arrowTV RecapsThe CW 0 Arrow takes on Vigilante, and his former self, in the latest episode of Arrow Trent Moore Kong: Skull IslandTom HiddlestonSamuel L. JacksonBrie LarsonWarner Bros.movie Trailers 4 The King is back in explosive new trailer for Kong: Skull Island Nathalie Caron Starship TroopersPaul VerhoevenRobert A. Heinlein 11 Paul Verhoeven explains how he thinks a Starship Troopers remake fits the times Don Kaye Collectibles MonthHot WheelsMattel 0 Drive on into this shiny million-dollar collection of Mattel's Hot Wheels Jeff Spry doctor strangestranger thingscosplay 0 Cosplay we Love: Eleven + Stephen Strange = Dr. Stranger Things Jeff Spry Syfystranger in a strange landRobert A. Heinlein 7 Syfy adapting Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land as TV series Trent Moore SupermoonInternational Space StationNASAImage of the Day 0 Image of the Day: The International Space Station transits the supermoon Jeff Spry gremlinsVinylsoundtrack 0 New Gremlins vinyl soundtrack transforms when exposed to light and water, is the coolest thing ever Trent Moore Sesame StreetWarner Bros.Shawn Levy 0 At nearly 50, Sesame Street set to count letters as a new big screen movie Nathalie Caron Fullmetal Alchemistmovie Trailers 0 The first teaser trailer for the live-action Fullmetal Alchemist movie is here! Nathalie Caron ThundercatslistsrankingsCollectibles Month1980s 0 Every Thundercats action figure, ranked Jesse Murray FangrrlsHarry Potterlistsrankingsopinion 0 12 of Hermione Granger’s best moments in the Harry Potter films Lisa Granshaw Game of ThronesHBO 0 Check out these new Game of Thrones Season 6 extended and deleted scenes Nathalie Caron Channel Zero: The No-End HouseSyfy 0 Here's what Creepypasta fable Syfy's Channel Zero Season 2 is based on Jeff Spry Star Warscarrie fisherHarrison Ford 8 Carrie Fisher reveals affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Trent Moore ColonyUSA 0 The alien occupation continues in new trailer for Season 2 of USA's Colony Trent Moore The Green HornetGavin O'ConnorSeth Rogen 12 Just what the world wanted: a Green Hornet reboot Don Kaye The FlashTV RecapsThe CW 5 Kid Flash, Alchemy, Shade and Killer Frost in the latest episode of The Flash Trent Moore The Man In The High CastleAmazon 0 Joe has daddy issues and Juliana meets The Man in the High Castle in latest Season 2 trailer Nathalie Caron FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops 0 Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops Tye Rannosaurus Justice League DarkMatt RyanDC Animated Universe 0 Matt Ryan leads the Justice League Dark as John Constantine in first animated movie trailer Nathalie Caron MarsNational Geographic ChannelSpotlight 0 Directing Mars: Everardo Gout on helming the mission of National Geographic's prestige show Aaron Sagers The Walking DeadAMCfan theorymorse code 12 Fans think they spotted a secret code hidden in the latest episode of The Walking Dead Trent Moore Star TrekThe Next GenerationVoyagerStar Trek: The Original SeriesStar Trek: Deep Space Ninerankingslistsopinion 17 Ranking the 15 best Star Trek time travel episodes Lisa Granshaw HumansAMCai 0 'They're waking up' in surreal new trailer for Season 2 of AMC’s Humans Trent Moore Load More Close Sidebar
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Apple Redraws The Butt Emoji To Look Even More Like A Peach Late 2016 MacBook Pro 13" Touch Bar Gets a Teardown by iFixit Google Translate Just Got A Lot Less Awkward Snapchat Parent Snap Inc. Preps For $25 Billion IPO More MovieBob Reviews: FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM Carrie Fisher Confirms She and Harrison Ford had an Affair During Star Wars The Ghost in the Shell Trailer is Here and We Still Have Some Questions Miyazaki is Coming Out of Retirement Again More 11 Dead Fighting Game Franchises That Should Make A Comeback Bethesda Pinball Coming in December, Includes Tables for Doom, Skyrim an... Titanfall 3 Not Guaranteed, Says Respawn Mario, Skyrim, and Splatoon Rumored for Nintendo Switch Launch More The First Full A Series of Unfortunate Events Trailer 10 Essential (Non-Phoenix) Stories from X-Men: The Animated Series American Horror Story Ends it Weirdest Season with an Even Weirder Finale Y: The Last Man Snags a Showrunner from American Gods More Roller Derby Comic SLAMs Into Shops This Week Buy This Comic: Patsy Walker AKA Hellcat! #12 Fantastic Comics For Harry Potter Fans, And Where To Find Them Meet the Newest Member of the Archie Family: Reggie More Jinx Producing First Line of Professional Esports Apparel This Link Between Worlds Figma Has All the Items Man Killed In Yellowstone Hot Spring Was Trying To Soak In The Water Scientists Have Discovered World’s Most Adorable (and tiny) Salama... More Tech SpaceX investigating possible sabotage of exploded rocket By Ryan Whitwam 10.04.2016 :: 8:32AM EST RyanWhitwam SpaceX is no stranger to exploding rockets. Its early years were marked by several high-profile rocket explosions before the more recent models managed to visit the International Space Station and land vertically. Still, there have been some bumps in recent years. Just last month, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket exploded on the launchpad during a pre-flight test. The cause of the explosion isn’t clear yet, but there’s a bizarre twist in the investigation. SpaceX is reportedly considering the possibility that its rocket was sabotaged. It sounds like something out of a movie, but SpaceX has some questions about a building near the launchpad owned by competitor United Launch Alliance. Several sources who spoke with The Post say that SpaceX investigators have images of the ULA building during the incident which show an odd shadow and white spot on the roof. This, of course, doesn’t prove anything. So, a SpaceX employee went to the building (which is about a mile away from the launchpad and has a clear line-of-sight) to try and gain access to the roof. He was denied entry, but ULA claims there was nothing of note on the roof. SpaceX founder Elon Musk has called the launchpad explosion “the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years.” So far, all SpaceX has been able to say about the incident is that it was the result of a breach of the upper-stage liquid helium tank. It’s the cause of that leak that is unknown at this time. There was also a smaller bang that was heard seconds before the rocket burst into flames. ULA (a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin) would certainly benefit from making SpaceX look bad. It competes directly with the firm for government space contracts, and its own launch platform is still based on traditional Atlas and Delta rockets. SpaceX’s reusable Falcon 9 is a much cheaper option. Still, for ULA to sabotage SpaceX’s rocket would be profoundly crazy. SpaceX is continuing to investigate all avenues, and more information should be available in the coming weeks. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit explosions rockets sabotage science space SpaceX Speak Your Mind More in Tech 11.17.2016 :: 6:00PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Apple Redraws The Butt Emoji To Look Even More Like A Peach Tech 11.17.2016 :: 12:00PM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Late 2016 MacBook Pro 13" Touch Bar Gets a Teardown by iFixit Tech 11.17.2016 :: 7:30AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Google Translate Just Got A Lot Less Awkward Tech 11.16.2016 :: 1:30PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Snapchat Parent Snap Inc. Preps For $25 Billion IPO Tech 11.16.2016 :: 11:15AM EST :: Brittany Vincent Tech Apple's New Coffee Table Book Will Cost You $300 Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. 11 Dead Fighting Game Franchises That Should Make A Comeback Games 11.18.2016 :: 10:30AM EST MovieBob Reviews: FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM Movies 11.18.2016 :: 8:30AM EST Jinx Producing First Line of Professional Esports Apparel Culture 11.18.2016 :: 3:00AM EST Geek deals: Save big on Amazon Prime Deals More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
null
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Competitions Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited Home News Irish News Ryanair News Ryanair announce 3,500 new jobs for next year as they boost fleet numbers The European airline are adding 50 new aircrafts to their fleet in the next 12 months  Share ByCormac O'Shea 13:01, 4 OCT 2016 Updated13:54, 4 OCT 2016 News An airplane of the Irish low-cost airline Ryanair takes off (Photo: 2010 AFP)  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Ryanair have announced they're to add 3,500 new jobs across Europe in 2017. The airline will be hiring 2,000 new cabin crew, 1,000 pilots as well as 250 aircraft engineers. In addition to that they will be promoting 300 First Officers on its upgrade programme across its 84-base European Network. Michael O'Leary Read More Record number of visitors travelled to Ireland in the first eight months of this year Ryanair’s Dublin office will see new positions in IT, Sales & Marketing, Digital Experience, Finance and Commercial as to will its Travel Labs Poland subsidiary in Wroclaw. The recruitment comes as the company plan to add 50 new aircraft to their fleet in the next 12 months. Eddie Wilson, Ryanair’s Chief People Officer said: “2017 is set to be our busiest recruitment year to date, and we are continuing to invest heavily in talent for the future. "Ryanair is now considered to be the ‘go-to’ airline for both cadet and direct entry hires, with our industry leading 5/4 roster for pilots, and both pilots and cabin crew have the opportunity to work on the youngest fleet in Europe as we take delivery of our new Boeing aircraft. Read More Terror for passengers on Ireland-bound jet after plane makes two 'scary' diversions "As our aircraft numbers grow from 355 to over 500 in the next 5 years, Ryanair will hire over 5,000 new people." The announcement comes as latest statistics show that traffic has grown by 13% in September to 10.8m. Rolling traffic for the year up to September has also grown by up 16% 113.2 million customers. Due to the rising traffic, the company is also expecting prices to fall on their flights in the next few months. Ryanair’s Chief Marketing Officer, Kenny Jacobs said: "As our recent guidance confirmed, we expect average fares to fall by between 10% to 12% in the 6 months to March 2017, so there’s never been a better time to book a low fare flight on Ryanair." Any candidates interested in all current opportunities should visit careers.ryanair.com for further information. Read More Today's top stories Snow arrives in Ireland Gerry Hutch travelling between hideouts Behind the scenes of McGregor's win Mum considering travelling to kids Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Ryanair Jobs Centre Airline Pilots Association Dublin Airport news all Most Read Most Recent MayoTragedy as 'vivacious and kind-hearted' Irish woman dies days after getting engaged on holiday of a lifetime Majella Donoghue fell ill on a flight home with her boyfriend from South Africa World NewsPolice hunt parents of five-year-old boy after dad dropped him at nursery and never came back Teachers say little Zhuang Zhuang keeps pleading for his mum and dad and is asking to go home WeatherIrish weather: Ireland braced for snow as temperatures plummet to subzero Experts are forecasting a dramatic drop in temperatures from Wednesday onwards, with bitter gales and freezing temperatures World NewsBritish woman's life "shattered" as SHE faces jail over 'extra-marital sex' after being gang raped in Dubai The 25-year-old is being held in the United Arab Emirates city after her passport was confiscated while her alleged attackers flew home MeathYoung man survives after being stabbed and thrown into boot of sinking car Gardai are seeking witnesses after the young man managed to kick his way out of a sinking car after a stabbing ReligionMystery as statue of Virgin Mary 'cries BLOOD' in shocking supernatural 'miracle' which left has churchgoers stunned A witness has claimed blood poured from the statue's eyes as he watched and, so far, there has been no reasonable explanation Fast food'Is that a PENIS in my dinner?' Woman finds bizarre looking piece of meat among her pork chops The woman, named only as Akosua, was happily chowing down on her fast food meal when she came across the funny looking item An Garda SiochanaAn Garda Siochana do the mannequin challenge to promote a very important message Gardai in a Dublin Station filmed a mannequin challenge video to promote reporting domestic violence Irish WaterDevelopers told it could take up to six years to connect new estates to wastewater infrastructure Fianna Fail Deputy Frank O’Rourke has highlighted the issue in his own constituency of Kildare North, but says the problem is occurring in at least five other counties ChocolateStill angry about Toblerone? Wait until you hear what's happened to Maltesers... It really is the lighter way to enjoy chocolate! Most Read Most Recent Black FridayArgos Black Friday mega sale kicks off with huge savings to be made Argos has promised there will be a host of special deals from Friday lasting for 13 days Celebrity NewsDiversity's little Perri Kiely is all grown up now and rocking a very impressive six pack The dancer was just 14 when he won Britain's Got Talent MayoTragedy as 'vivacious and kind-hearted' Irish woman dies days after getting engaged on holiday of a lifetime Majella Donoghue fell ill on a flight home with her boyfriend from South Africa ToysSmyths Black Friday sale has kicked off with 50% off selected toys Irish bargain hunting parents can score early discounts with 20% off selected bikes Black FridayBlack Friday 2016 in Ireland: everything you need to know about this major Christmas shopping day There will be plenty of bargains to be had as shops launch major sales Simon CowellSimon Cowell spends adorable family time with wife Lauren Silverman and son Eric at Winter Wonderland in London The doting dad took Eric on the spinning tea cups even winning him a panda on the shooting gallery ReligionMystery as statue of Virgin Mary 'cries BLOOD' in shocking supernatural 'miracle' which left has churchgoers stunned A witness has claimed blood poured from the statue's eyes as he watched and, so far, there has been no reasonable explanation Bob bradleySwansea boss Bob Bradley refusing to press panic button after dismal start to season The Swans' South Korean star Ki Sung-Yueng claimed this week that there was a bad atmosphere around the Liberty Stadium Tottenham Hotspur FCTottenham's Danny Rose backed after crocking Arsenal rival Hector Bellerin by boss Mauricio Pochettino "We are always aggressive in our play and sometimes things happen because football is very aggressive - it is a contact sport, always" says ex-Argentina defender Chelsea FCChelsea's Branislav Ivanovic crossing fingers his international form in a back 3 brings club recall The defender has played just three minutes for the Blues since September's loss to Arsenal but has shown what he can do in their new formation for Serbia Top Stories MayoTragedy as 'vivacious and kind-hearted' Irish woman dies days after getting engaged on holiday of a lifetime Majella Donoghue fell ill on a flight home with her boyfriend from South Africa Conor McGregorConor McGregor will be a 'more dangerous' fighter after becoming a dad The two-time UFC champ's partner Dee Devlin is set to give birth early next year SiptuSIPTU authorises strike ballots for all 60,000 workers The trade union had flagged its intention to ballot for industrial action last Thursday PakistanPakistani ambassador insists officials are working to track down Irish boys taken by their dad Pakistani ambassador said they are trying to track down the two Irish boys believed to have been taken by their dad HSEDoctor slams the HSE for handling of overcrowding in Irish hospitals Fergal Hickey said the health service speaks about the issue as if the solution lies with someone else An Garda SiochanaAn Garda Siochana do the mannequin challenge to promote a very important message Gardai in a Dublin Station filmed a mannequin challenge video to promote reporting domestic violence MeathYoung man survives after being stabbed and thrown into boot of sinking car Gardai are seeking witnesses after the young man managed to kick his way out of a sinking car after a stabbing Pat HickeyThe Olympic Council of Ireland will not foot the bill for Pat Hickey's €410k bail bond The former head of the OCI must pay a bond to the court of €410,000 (1.5m Brazilian dollars) in order to return home to Ireland Irish WaterDevelopers told it could take up to six years to connect new estates to wastewater infrastructure Fianna Fail Deputy Frank O’Rourke has highlighted the issue in his own constituency of Kildare North, but says the problem is occurring in at least five other counties An Garda SiochanaMan arrested after armed robbery in Dublin The man was arrested by Gardai after an armed robbery in Rialto, Dublin CorkClonakilty named as the best town in the UK and Ireland The West Cork town has claimed the huge accolade in the 2017 Urbanism awards ceremony Pat HickeyCharity chief Jonathan Irwin defends Pat Hickey: 'He didn't murder anyone' The Jack And Jill Foundation founder also slammed Sports Minister Shane Ross and Foreign Minister Charlie Flanagan for their handling of the situation News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Archive Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Tickets Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Friday 18 November 2016 Ryanair to create 3,500 new jobs across Europe next year Michael Cogley Twitter Email Published 04/10/2016 | 12:31 0 Comments Share Ryanair to create 3,500 new jobs across Europe next year Independent.ie Ryanair is to hire around 3,500 extra staff in 2017 as the company plans to take delivery of 50 new aircraft. http://www.independent.ie/business/ryanair-to-create-3500-new-jobs-across-europe-next-year-35102373.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35102368.ece/83761/AUTOCROP/h342/EW%20Jobs%20Oct16.jpg Email Ryanair is to hire around 3,500 extra staff in 2017 as the company plans to take delivery of 50 new aircraft. Share Ryanair to create 3,500 new jobs across Europe next year Independent.ie Ryanair is to hire around 3,500 extra staff in 2017 as the company plans to take delivery of 50 new aircraft. http://www.independent.ie/business/ryanair-to-create-3500-new-jobs-across-europe-next-year-35102373.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35102368.ece/83761/AUTOCROP/h342/EW%20Jobs%20Oct16.jpg Email Go To Comments The airline will add an extra 2,000 cabin crew, 1,000 pilots, and 250 aircraft engineers. The Michael O'Leary-led firm also said it would promote 300 first officers across its 84-base European network. A host of new positions in the areas of IT, sales and marketing, and finance will be added at Ryanair's Dublin office as well as its Travel Labs Poland subsidiary. Ryanair's chief people officer Eddie Wilson said 2017 is to be the airline's biggest recruitment year to date. "Ryanair is now considered to be the ‘go-to’ airline for both cadet and direct entry hires, with our industry leading 5/4 roster for pilots, and both pilots and cabin crew have the opportunity to work on the youngest fleet in Europe as we take delivery of our new Boeing aircraft. "As our aircraft numbers grow from 355 to over 500 in the next 5 years, Ryanair will hire over 5,000 new people. Candidates interested in all current opportunities should visit careers.ryanair.com for further information.," he said. Online Editors Follow @Indobusiness Related Content Ryanair launches Schools Travel - and package holidays are coming soon Ryanair flight diverted after declaring emergency over France Read More 'Resistance to antibiotics could become a bigger public health issue than cancer' Are...  Ciaran Moran Farmers are being told that antibiotics are an important resource for the agriculture industry but must be used wisely if they are to remain effective. Irish Business: Where to now post Brexit and Trump?  These are uncertain times. Sponsored by Dairy turnaround: World's largest milk processor increases milk price  Ciaran Moran Fonterra the world's largest dairy processor today increased its 2016/17 forecast Farmgate Milk Price by 75 cents to $6.00 per kgMS. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How Brexit has reignited an age-old row over Lough Foyle  Brexit Much-feared pensions time bomb is now exploding for 600,000 workers  Pensions Three Ireland customers not affected by UK cyber attack  Technology Bank accused of 'coercing' thousands of borrowers  Personal Finance US job searches to Ireland nearly double after Trump win  Jobs How many passengers pay for water at Dublin Airport's 'honesty box'?  Travel Talk WATCH: Senator launches stinging attack at government's reaction to 'monster' and 'fascist'...  Politics Bride-to-be Majella (30) dies after falling ill on dream holiday flight  Irish News Irish dad writes hilarious letter to his precious daughter on her sixteenth birthday  Parenting How Brexit has reignited an age-old row over Lough Foyle  Brexit Trump's win was a crushing blow to political correctness How many passengers pay for water at Dublin Airport's 'honesty box'? EXCLUSIVE: Investigators discover massive illegal dump after three-year-long investigation into suspicious activity Controversial 'Tourists... I want my city back' article sparks massive debate online Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business 'Resistance to antibiotics could become a bigger public health issue than cancer' Are... Farmers are being told that antibiotics are an... Irish Business: Where to now post Brexit and Trump? These are uncertain times. Dairy turnaround: World's largest milk processor increases milk price Fonterra the world's largest dairy processor today... Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs after emissions scandal Volkswagen is to shed 30,000 jobs to cut costs as it tries... Ardagh moves forward with IPO with SEC filing Glass and metal firm Ardagh has pressed ahead with its plans to float on the stock... Ireland listed amongst top EU countries for big data investment The vast majority of global corporates have... May's changing vocabulary signals shift from 'hard Brexit' There is a recognisable repetition in Theresa May's speeches about Britain's decision to... Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO Snap, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the... Deloitte chairman says will continue to invest 'hugely' in UK Deloitte will continue to invest in Britain and has no plans... Grafton Group to acquire Dutch tool company Building materials company Grafton Group is to acquire Dutch-based tools, fixings, and... MUST WATCH: Top Cyber Psychologist has worrying prediction about the future... The speakers in this video were all contributors at... VIDEO: Wifi woes follow Paddy Cosgrave to Lisbon The Web Summit got off to a mixed start in Lisbon tonight when the venue's wifi... VIDEO: Apple unveils new version of MacBook Pro - complete with Touch Bar... Apple has unveiled a new version of its MacBook... VIDEO: Microsoft unveil their new touchscreen desktop PC Microsoft has unveiled a new desktop PC which can be folded down into a... VIDEO: The Fendt combines in action Take a look at this Fendt combine in action. VIDEO - Mars landing: Watch robot probe Schiaparelli's planned Mars landing An overview of the Schiaparelli lander's planned... VIDEO: Tesco pulls famous brands in Brexit price row The UK's largest retailer has pulled famous brands such as Ben & Jerry's and... VIDEO: Are teenage hackers criminals or victims of organised crime? VIDEO: Profiling the insider threat to your business VIDEO: Cyberpsychologist, Dr Mary Aiken, on the worrying cyber effect on society In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best GALLERY: Really successful people who were caught lying on their CVs What will the Apple iPhone 7 look like We'll have to wait until September to know for sure what the Apple iPhone 7 will look... Another Brexit as ambassador bids farewell British ambassador to Ireland Dominick Chilcott, who warned during the UK... From rejecting the iPod to turning down Google: The biggest mistakes in tech history In Pictures: IMAGE Businesswomen of the Year Awards 2015 By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go
null
Radio New Zealand Skip to content Menu Home News New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Kaikoura Earthquake Weather Radio National Concert International Programmes Presenters Latest Audio Series & Podcasts Topics Music Science Life & Society Current Affairs Arts & Culture Movies Plays & Stories Media & Technology Sport Comment & Analysis Business & Economy Politics Te Ao Māori Country Pacific Books Food & Recipes Nature & Environment Collections Search Listen Live Nothing playing RNZ National All Night Programme National live stream RNZ Concert Music Through the Night Concert live stream RNZ International World & Pacific News International live stream More ways to listen Playlist Your playlist Launch player Close No items Audio help Launch player Navigation for News Categories National Concert International Programmes Presenters Latest Audio Pacific American Samoa 4 Oct 2016 Businessman doesn't buy Hawaiian Airlines rationale for seat policy 5:28 pm on 4 October 2016 Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In An American Samoa businessman, who filed a complaint with the US Department of Transport against Hawaiian Airlines, questions the rationale the airline has given for their new ticketing policy. The airline no longer allows passengers to pre-select seats on flights between Pago Pago and Honolulu and will now weigh passengers at check-in before allocating seats. Hawaiian Airlines said this was to manage weight distribution across the cabin. Haleck's Enterprise's president Avamua David Haleck said if it were a safety issue he would understand. "And of course Hawaiian is saying that 'yes it is a safety issue' but, you know, weight distribution ...so have we been flying unsafe for all these years?" Hawaiian Airlines has been flying the Boeing 767-300 to American Samoa since 2003. Boeing said the jet can safely fly 269 passengers at a distance of 11,000kms, in a similar cabin lay-out to that which Hawaiian Airlines has. The distance between Pago Pago and Honolulu is less than half that at 4,176km's. The US Transportation Department is investigating Mr Haleck's complaint. American Samoa businessman Dave Haleck. Photo: Supplied Tags: American Samoa Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In Copyright © 2016, Radio New Zealand Next story in Pacific Jail terms in Vanuatu for assailants of Facebook commenter Related Stories Hawaiian Air seat policy irks American Samoa 3 Oct 2016 Two American Samoa businessmen have filed complaints over Hawaiian Airlines' new seat policy which considers passengers' weight. Hawaiian Air seat policy irks American Samoa Airline defends charging passengers by weight 3 Apr 2013 A Samoan airline is convinced other airlines will copy its controversial new fare structure which charges passengers according to their weight. Airline defends charging passengers by weight Pacific Australia's rights record 'blemished', claims UN rapporteur Governor of PNG's Western province jailed for 10 years New Caledonia unrest spawns plan for new road Top New Zealand Stories Kaikoura tourist operators plead for help Quake-hit Waiau now faces gastro bug Cordon in Wellington CBD to be reduced Debutants shine for Black Caps 'High-risk situation' for yellow-eyed penguin chicks Subscribe Get the top 8 headlines each day at 8am with our daily email newsletter. Pacific RSS Follow RNZ News RNZ stations National Concert RNZ International The Wireless Latest & popular Latest audio Popular audio Latest video How to watch & listen Audio help Radio Subscribe to podcasts Sky, Freeview & Satellite YouTube RNZ apps for iPhone and Android About RNZ About Contact Media Releases Jobs Join & Follow RNZ RNZ on Facebook RNZ on Twitter RNZ on Youtube RNZ on Instagram Sign up to RNZ Newsletters Terms of use © Copyright Radio New Zealand 2016

null
null
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Friday, November 18, 2016 Home Latest News Off Beat Pictorial World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Off Beat - Pictorial - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home National News Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Go-slow to blame for KQ’s cancellation of flights Oct. 04, 2016, 3:00 am By PATRICK VIDIJA @vidijapatrick Passenger alighting from the Tanzanian Fastjet at JKIA ./FILE Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email A go-slow by Kenya Airways technicians is to blame for the weekend mess that left many passengers stranded, insiders have told the Star. Sources at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport said for some time, the technicians have been at loggerheads with the management. The sources said the technicians were also worried about the mass resignations of colleagues in the engineering department. Read: Kenneth Matiba among hundreds stranded for over 5 hours as KQ cancels flights They indicated the majority of engineers had resigned for greener pastures, leaving a lot of workload. The airline has about 600 engineers. The technical department has been grappling with staff shortage. CEO Mbuvi Ngunze said the airline is facing high staff attrition because of massive poaching by the Middle East firms. He said the management understands this and is taking action. “We are looking for initiatives and alternatives to retain our staff,” Mbuvi said during the annual general meeting on Thursday. A press statement sent by KQ’s public relations agency dismissed the claims it cancelled more than 24 flights at the weekend because of the go-slow. According to the statement, only one flight was cancelled on Sunday. But the Star established KQ2577, KQ2610, KQ2577, KQ8655, KQ8608, KQ8609, KQ2256 and KQ2720 were among the cancelled flights on Sunday. Others were KQ2256, KQ8604, KQ8605, KQ8654, KQ436, KQ8655 and KQ437. “Kenya Airways wishes to reassure its passengers the operational challenges experienced over the weekend, which led to inadvertent delays have been addressed,” the statement read. “We had delays on the Mombasa operations for KQ608/9 and the afternoon Jambojet flights. Jambojet was experiencing non-availability of two aircraft. This led to significant delays. These flights were fully recovered, albeit inconvenience to our flying guests.” According to Kenya Airways, this was the first time the problem occurred on the worldwide 787 fleet. It said it sought assistance from Boeing. “Boeing representatives, together with our engineering support team, were involved in troubleshooting and the final return to serviceability. This took longer than expected,” it said. The statement said one of the airline’s B787 Dreamliners last week experienced a technical problem in Hanoi, Vietnam. As part of the recovery of operations, it experienced some problems getting its passengers re-booked on other flights and carriers. More on this: Talented KQ staff snapped up by rich Qatar Airways Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Poll of the day Must read FactCheck: Has Kiambu County Doubled its Revenue to Sh4.7 billion? Rutto Bomet rally to launch Super Alliance World vasectomy day promotes quick, safe and reversible birth control method Don’t be shaken by men like Miguna, Passaris tells women Hero's welcome awaits Rutto on arrival from South Africa [VIDEO] Outrage after Miguna, Passaris rape talk video on JKL emerges Latest News EACC, Treasury to audit IFMIS for 'loopholes' used to steal taxpayer money Raila Kericho tour pushed due to 'unforeseen circumstances' - ODM Maraga hands over Kisumu appellate court to Justice Musinga Casual labourer dies while retrieving Sh600 'reward' from pit latrine African giant rats to help 'sniff out' wildlife poachers Two dead after Nyamira Express bus rams into private car in Kisii Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting Jobs in Kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Casual Jobs in Nairobi Clerical Jobs in Kenya Customer Service Jobs in Kenya Electrical engineering Jobs in Kenya Human Resource management Jobs in Kenya Receptionist Jobs in Nairobi Insurance salvage cars for sale in Kenya Popular in Latest news 1 See what is inside Sh10 million health container 2 Selection panel shortllists five candidates for IEBC chair 3 Dilemma for ODM as Senator Orengo joins race for Siaya governor 4 7 KCSE candidates, principal nabbed over cheating at Bungoma school Popular in National news 1 Cord claims IEBC, Ruto, Mucheru in secret talks 2 Muthama skips Wiper NEC as the party plays down tiff with Kalonzo 3 Kenya snubs ICC meeting in ‘silent protest’ 4 Kassachoon questioned by the EACC Popular in Business news 1 Our business is sound, Family Bank boss dispels rumours 2 CBK fights court's ruling on Dubai wind up 3 KCB, Toyota partner to support youth with automotive skills 4 Kenya wants more actors to set funds for ending poverty Popular in Sport news 1 Lone Stars hit 2 ‘Ze Maria’ is coach of the month 3 Starlets upbeat ahead of show 4 Rudisha to honour Maasai Olympics in Kajiado next month Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2016 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS WATCH LIVE: OEMC discusses winter-weather preparations... shortly Full Story Email I-TEAM Chicago's least wanted suspect? Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1537756" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A story that first read like James Bond is turning out more like Mission Impossible. (WLS) An ABC7 I-Team Investigation WLS By Chuck Goudie Tuesday, October 04, 2016 CHICAGO (WLS) -- A story that first read like James Bond is turning out more like Mission Impossible. The federal bribery case against Dmytro Firtash hasn't moved forward since the day he was arrested in Europe two-and-a-half years ago. It seems as though Dmytro Firtash is Chicago's least wanted criminal suspect. One year and one day have passed since any legal papers have been filed here in Chicago. American officials claim to be working for the billionaire's extradition to Chicago, while the man known as an oligarch in his home nation of Ukraine is essentially in forced exile in Austria on $174 million bail. "The accusations levelled against me in the recent public statement released by the U.S. Department of Justice are completely absurd and unfounded. I am sure that all of these false allegations will be dismissed," Firtash said. On videos from his company and Ukrainian television Dmytro Firtash has denied doing anything wrong. In June 2013, Mr. Firtash and five others were charged in sealed indictments in Chicago with paying $18.5 million in bribes to Indian officials so they could mine titanium and then sell it to Boeing Corporation for use in building the 787 Dreamliner passenger jet. Firtash - the alleged leader of the scheme - faces up to 50 years in prison and confiscation of his huge personal wealth. He has been button-holed in Austria since April 2014, when the indictments were unsealed in Chicago and U.S. authorities began extradition proceedings. He contends the prosecution is politically-motivated by U.S. interests in a democratic, non-Russian Ukraine. The Ukrainian industrial magnate is awaiting another court hearing in Vienna, "after a first ruling in April 2015 determined the the U.S. extradition request to be politically motivated and thus rejected it," Firtash spokesman Daniel Kapp said. "A date for the second hearing is yet to be determined," Kapp told the I-Team on Tuesday morning. In August, Austria's Constitutional Court refused to consider Firtash's request to rule the extradition agreement between Austria and the U.S. unconstitutional. That means the court of appeals may consider the prosecutor's appeal of a lower court decision to block Firtash's extradition to the United States. Firtash has political and business connections to both Russian President Vladimir Putin and to former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. An unrelated lawsuit filed in New York in 2011 actually names both Firtash and Manafort as defendants in a complaint filed by a former Ukrainian prime minister. The suit concerns an $895 million New York real estate deal that Manafort and his business partners, including Firtash, were a part of. After Firtash's arrest in Vienna, U.S. authorities insisted the case against the businessman had nothing to do with rising tensions then in Ukraine. For more information: Lawsuit against Dmytro Firtash and Paul Manafort Related Topics: newsI-Teamu.s. & worldboeing Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. I-TEAM Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Lawsuit claims police trade freedom for firearms Alleged shoddy home construction investigated nationwide City on pace for record year in gun seizures Contracts prevent new homeowners from suing over alleged shoddy construction More I-Team NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Trump Taps Retired Lt. General for National Security Adviser Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position Trump Claims to Save Auto Plant That Wasn't Closing More News Top Stories Warm and windy Friday before temperatures fall O'Hare Airport worker strike could snarl holiday travel Kanye angers concert fans with rant about race and Trump Tanker overturns on ramp from NB I-57 to WB I-80 Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Forte helps hand out free turkeys to South Side families CTA adds 'Elves' Workshop Train' to holiday fleet Show More Javy Baez, Aroldis Chapman present at Latin Grammys Chicago's Christmas tree to be lit Friday Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general Lawsuit claims police trade freedom for firearms Mother upset daughter bailed out of Cook County Jail More News Top Video Tanker overturns on ramp from NB I-57 to WB I-80 Warm and windy Friday before temperatures fall O'Hare Airport worker strike could snarl holiday travel Chicago's Christmas tree to be lit Friday More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
18/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news Live X Business 18/11/2016 Dollar muscles ahead, strongest since 2003 against basket of currencies Point of view "With lasting policy uncertainty and potential protectionism, there are probably enough ingredients to consider the risk of massive new dollar appreciation" Olivier Korber Societe Generale currency strategist Business 18/11/2016 Volkswagen slashes 30,000 jobs to save billions Point of view "We are strongly building up the areas of electromobility, networking and autonomous driving" Herbert Diess Head of Volkswagen brand World news 18/11/2016 Polls cast doubt on Matteo Renzi's political future ahead of Italian vote Tweet World news 18/11/2016 British teen cryogenically frozen after ruling in landmark case Point of view "I'm 14-years-old and I don't want to die" JS British teen in cryonics case World news 18/11/2016 Unity at Marrakesh in face of Trump climate change threat Point of view "We all see the writing on the wall that climate change is real, we need to act" Tina Johnson US Climate Network World news 18/11/2016 Japanese PM Abe believes Trump 'can be trusted' Point of view "I am convinced that Mr Trump is a leader who can be trusted" Shinzo Abe Japanese Prime Minister World news 17/11/2016 Merkel: EU-US trade deal 'cannot be concluded now' Tweet World news 17/11/2016 3 astronauts, 32 fish and a hippo en route to the ISS Point of view "We are taking food made by a top chef with us" Thomas Pesquet French astronaut BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > World news > Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" Now Reading: Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" world news 29/09/2016 Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" Today's Top Stories world news 11/18/2016 Transatlantic relationship is a priority - EU leaders world news 11/18/2016 French conservative presidential candidates hold final TV debate world news 11/18/2016 Why was Ivanka Trump present during Trump's first international summit? Advertisement Aa Aa Related Stories world news 09/28/2016 Dutch investigation into MH17 crash 'biased and politically-motivated' says... world news 09/28/2016 MH17: Timeline of a disaster world news 09/28/2016 MH17 shot down by Russian Buk missile - investigators Flashback: one year ago world news 11/18/2015 ISIL claims its killed two hostages as it gives more detail on Russian plane... world news 11/18/2015 A new, uneasy alliance takes shape to fight Daesh in Syria world news 11/18/2015 Belgium questioned 'terror brothers' before Paris attacks - but didn't tell... Business Line 11/18/2015 Business Line: the economic impact and role of technology in the Paris attacks world news 11/18/2015 Security services under scrutiny after Paris attacks Editor's choice world news 11/18/2016 Life & Death: what the stats say about you world news 11/17/2016 World leaders - what are their wage packets? world news 11/17/2016 Bull set on fire during Spanish Toro Júbilo festival last updated: 29/09/2016 Euronews ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Russia rejects MH17 report as “biased” JIT has “ignored evidence” Moscow denies any involvement Russia has firmly dismissed a report into the 2014 downing of a Malaysian airliner over Ukraine, calling it biased. All 298 people on board flight MH17 died when it broke apart in mid-air flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur. The Dutch-led Joint Investigation Team (JIT) international prosecuters have concluded the aircraft was destroyed by a Russian-made Buk missile. It had been fired from a Ukrainian village held by pro-Russian rebels and the launcher returned to Russia the next day. Read a summary of the report here Russia has long denied any involvement in the episode. It says the report ignores evidence and that new radar data presented by the Russian military will prompt the prosecuters to revise their findings. “Russia is disappointed that nothing has changed during the investigation into the Boeing crash. The conclusions of the Dutch prosecution confirm that the investigation is biased and politically motivated. Arbitrarily laying blame and wishful thinking has actually become the norm for our Western colleagues,” stated Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova. Almaz-Antey, the Russian makers of BUK missiles criticised the findings presented by the investigators saying they were based on a simulation of the crash, and not reality. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko disagreed claiming there was now firm proof of who carried out this horrible crime, and who is responsible. Prosecutors claim to have established the identities of about 100 people “linked to the crash or the transport of the Buk” missile, but they are yet to determine who could be held criminally responsible. They also admit they do not know who gave the order to shoot the plane down. And while there is a determination to prosecute those responsible, it is very unclear that this will ever be possible, particularly if it requires Moscow to hand over suspects. ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Share this article: More about: Malaysia Airlines MH17 Inquiry Ukraine Russia Netherlands All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Le vol MH17 abattu en Ukraine en 2014 : le missile venait de Russie See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Russland nennt MH17-Bericht "politisch motiviert" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Volo MH17, Mosca rigetta accuse e parla di motivazioni politiche dell'inchiesta See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Rusia acusa de partidismo al Equipo Internacional de Investigación sobre el vuelo MH17 See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português MH17: Rússia denuncia investigação "tendenciosa" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Rusya: MH17 raporu 'taraflı ve siyasi' See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Росія і "ДНР" заперечують висновки міжнародного розслідування щодо загибелі "Боїнга" на Донбасі See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский США призвали назвать конкретных виновных в катастрофе малайзийского "боинга" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية لجنة تحقيق تقول إن صاروخا روسيا اسقط الطائرة الماليزية شرق اوكرانيا وموسكو تصف التحقيق بالمنحاز See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی واکنش روسیه و اوکراین به نتیجۀ تحقیقات در مورد سقوط هواپیمای مسافربری See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Απορρίπτει η Μόσχα το πόρισμα για τη συντριβή της πτήσης ΜΗ17 στην Ουκρανία See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Vitatja Moszkva, hogy oroszbarát szakadárok lőtték le a maláj gépet Kelet-Ukrajna felett See translation Auto-Translated All views This article × World news 29/09/2016 Russia rejects report into downing of MH17 as "biased" Point of view "...investigation is biased and politically motivated." Maria Zakharova. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Advertisement Next Article world news 29/09/2016 Israelis adjust to the loss of Shimon Peres Today's Top Stories world news 11/18/2016 Transatlantic relationship is a priority - EU leaders world news 11/18/2016 French conservative presidential candidates hold final TV debate world news 11/18/2016 Why was Ivanka Trump present during Trump's first international summit? Browse today's tags USA Barack Obama Politics Angela Merkel Germany France Donald Trump Europe Diplomacy Turkey Clashes and riots Justice Death Sport Cinema European Union Federal Reserve Iraq European Space Agency Anniversary Interest rates Exhibition Internet Humanitarian crisis Animals ISIL Migrant Crisis Odd Celebrity News Far-right Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 House Republicans don't want SpaceX investigating its own 'troubling' rocket failures Dave Mosher and Rebecca Harrington Sep. 29, 2016, 7:22 PM 47,282 facebook linkedin twitter email print Elon Musk. Thomson Reuters Just days after SpaceX founder Elon Musk delivered his sweeping vision of colonizing Mars, a Colorado congressman is calling on government agencies to take over an investigation of the aerospace company's recent launchpad rocket explosion. The move — a signed congressional letter dated Thursday, September 29 — follows on the heels of two recent explosions of uncrewed Falcon 9 rockets. "These failures could have spelled disaster, even loss of life, had critical national security payloads or NASA crew been aboard those rockets," the letter states. "Both SpaceX failures occurred after the Air Force certified the Falcon 9 launch vehicle for U.S. national security launches, less than fifteen months ago." Congressman Mike Coffman (R-CO) penned the four-page congressional letter, which was cosigned by nine other House Republicans. (The letter's full text is at the end of this post.) It asks for increased scrutiny of SpaceX's investigation practices, given its plans with NASA to launch astronauts to the International Space Station. It also lobs pointed questions at the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), NASA, and the US Air Force (USAF) about the certification process of SpaceX hardware, pricing schemes, risk assessment, and more. Semi-internal investigations An explosion on the launch site of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is shown in this still image from video in Cape Canaveral Thomson Reuters The first SpaceX incident in question was an in-flight explosion of a Falcon 9 rocket on June 28, 2015, destroying a telecommunications satellite. SpaceX chose to do an internal accident investigation with some FAA oversight, ultimately determining that a faulty strut had caused the accident. The most recent accident was a launchpad fireball of a Falcon 9 rocket on September 1, 2016, in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The percussive blaze destroyed Facebook's $200 million Amos-6 satellite, and SpaceX again exercised a federal law to perform its own investigation (since no people were harmed). That investigation isn't done, though a helium system seems to be at fault. For its ongoing investigation, SpaceX nearly doubled its team to a core group of "around 20 people," of which "more than half are representatives from FAA, NASA, US Air Force and industry experts," a company spokesperson previously told Business Insider in an email. Leading the entire group is Hans Koenigsmann — SpaceX's vice president of mission assurance. "[W]e believe he is the best person to do so," the spokesperson said. "We are collaborating very closely with the participating agencies, sharing raw data and providing access to meetings." But the 10 signers of the congressional letter do not seem satisfied with the internally led process. "We feel strongly that the current investigation should be led by NASA and the Air Force to ensure that proper investigative engineering rigor is applied and that the outcomes are sufficient to prevent NASA and military launch mishaps in the future," the draft letter states. John Taylor, a SpaceX spokesperson, declined to comment when provided a copy of the letter. A space battle on Capitol Hill Rep. Mike Coffman. Associated Press Raising issues about SpaceX, its failures, and its treatment by the US government is not a first for Coffman. As a member of the House Armed Services strategic forces subcommittee (which oversees military spacecraft), he did so in 2015 on multiple occasions, and in 2014 as well. The congressman now faces a heated 2016 reelection campaign in his district — the home of SpaceX's biggest competitor, United Launch Alliance (ULA), which is itself a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. Records show that Coffman has publicly accepted more than $51,000 in campaign donations from Lockheed Martin during his career. Coffman has also publicly supported ULA. Samantha Masunaga, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times, captured the scuffle well in a story published in May 2016: "Traditional launch providers see their market being threatened by nontraditional entrants," said Loren Thompson, aerospace analyst with the Lexington Institute, an Arlington, Va., think tank. "Basically, this is competition between launch providers over market share and money that in the political process gets related to local interests." In 2015, United Launch Alliance spent $1.4 million on lobbying, up from $1 million the year before, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks federal campaign contributions and lobbying efforts on its website opensecrets.org. That same year, SpaceX spent $1.7 million on lobbying, up from $1.5 million in 2014. The sparring has been especially heated between the two companies as they compete for government launch contracts worth tens of billions of dollars. A government rule limiting the use of Russian-made engines — which ULA has relied on for its rockets — in the launch of military spacecraft has not helped matters for the company. (SpaceX makes its own rocket engines.) Business Insider contacted Rep. Coffman's press secretary as well as ULA and Lockheed Martin for this story, but we did not immediately receive a response. A Boeing representative could not immediately provide a comment. How federal agencies initially responded A SpaceX Falcon 9 liftoff and rocket Twitter/SpaceX The letter calls on the FAA, USAF, and NASA for their responses to the letter by October 31, 2016. Business Insider forwarded both a draft and then a signed letter to those agencies as well as to the DoD (which is named in the letter) and asked for comment. Hank Price, an FAA spokesperson, told Business Insider "it'd take some time to draft a response, and we wouldn't respond to it until we'd spoken to the Congressman first." Another FAA spokesperson later told Business Insider in an email: "The FAA received the letter late Thursday afternoon and has not had a chance to review it. Safety of all operations, including commercial space, is our top priority, and the FAA is closely overseeing the accident investigation. We will respond to the members of Congress in a timely manner." NASA representatives for the agency's Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate told Business Insider in an email "we haven't officially received this, but even when we do, we wouldn't be able to comment in advance of responding." Laura Seal, a DoD spokesperson, told Business Insider by email that the "letter is not addressed to the Department of Defense. If we do receive a letter from Congress on this topic for response, we would respond directly to the author." Representatives at the USAF did not immediately reply. The congressional letter Below is the full text of the signed letter. Congressional Letter to AF, NASA, FAA on Assured Access to Space by Rebecca Harrington on Scribd Correction: In one instance of a previous version of this story, Rep. Mike Coffman was misidentified in as a Senator. SEE ALSO: Here's Elon Musk's complete, sweeping vision on colonizing Mars to save humanity DON'T MISS: SpaceX is 'unlikely' to start launching rockets again as quickly as it has said NOW WATCH: Elon Musk rarely hires non-US citizens to work at SpaceX — here’s why Loading video... More: Space Rockets Investigations SpaceX Boeing United Launch Alliance Lockheed Martin Congress Spaceflight facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru House Republicans don't want SpaceX investigating its own 'troubling' rocket failures House Republicans don't want SpaceX investigating its own 'troubling' rocket failures Just days after SpaceX founder Elon Musk... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Science Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Science Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Soaring high: Local student youngest person ever to complete FAA certification program Monday Oct 3, 2016 at 2:17 PM Oct 3, 2016 at 2:17 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes VICTORVILLE — While most people tend to discover their lifelong passion at a young age, 17-year-old Nicole Edlauer said it took awhile for her love of flying to find her. A student at Excelsior A.M.E. Academy, Edlauer was recently recognized for being the youngest person ever to complete the entire Federal Aviation Administration approved Airframe and Powerplant certification program, with the certification fully qualifying the soon-to-be pilot to enter the aviation maintenance workforce upon turning 18. “It wasn’t until I went to an air show and won a raffle that I became interested in flying,” Edlauer said. "When you’re 11 the idea of winning a raffle is awesome for a kid. I remember seeing a toy airplane on top of that raffle box when I entered and later got a call that I had won and was asked to receive my prize at the Apple Valley Airport “When I got there I remember looking at all these cool planes and was wondering why I came here to pick up a simple toy. One person then nudged me on the shoulder, telling me ‘Your flight instructor will be here shortly.’ After, they had to force me into a plane and had to force me out and I was hooked since.” As the youngest person to earn her FAA approved Airframe and Powerplant certification, Edlauer — who interns at Flabob Airport in Riverside — also earned her pilot’s license and received multiple scholarships from both Rotary International and the Excelsior Staff Scholarship, according to Excelsior Principal Derek King. “We’re all highly impressed by Nicole’s hard work and dedication in finishing this program in such a short amount of time. What she has demonstrated is that when one has a passion or calling for something they will stop at nothing to succeed,” King said. For completing the program at such a young age, Edlauer was recognized at the school’s Back to School night on Sept. 9, as the County Supervisor's Office, the City of Victorville and Victor Valley Community College honored her with a certificate.   “To me, Nicole’s accomplishment is extremely important. It shows her connection with both her education and the work force, an overall goal and trait every young student should strive for,” King said. "What she has accomplished through our program is a game changer."      In addition to completing the certification program, Edlauer already has a job offer already lined up at Boeing. But even with all she's accomplished, Edlauer feels as though she is just getting started and humbly encourages those who wish to follow their dreams to work hard and never give up. “My accomplishment isn’t really anything special," Edlauer said. "Because at my age, though it is something unique, really anyone who puts their mind to it and with enough passion and determination anyone can succeed just as well as I did."   Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search FICO and Solution-Soft Enter into Agreement to Re-Sell Time Machine   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Application Testing * Virtual clock * Time Shift Testing By Industry: * SoftwareSANTA CLARA, Calif. - Oct. 3, 2016 - PRLog -- SolutionSoft Systems Inc, the leader in date and time testing solutions, has entered into a new reseller agreement with leading analytics software firm FICO. FICO will resell Solution-Soft's Time Machine solution for application testing to customers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. After the success of several projects in which both Time Machine and the FICO® Debt Manager 9 collections solution were deployed, the two organizations have decided to collaborate. "Time Machine has been a great complement to our collections projects, as it helps our customers to reduce time to ROI and allows us to have great confidence in our testing cycles," said Daniel Bowles, Senior Director of Business Development at FICO. Under the agreement, FICO will be able to include Time Machine in sales transactions that include Debt Manager. Solution-Soft will offer both pre-sale and post-sale support for FICO Debt Manager and other solutions. "This agreement allows our organizations to continue and further streamline the synergy that has been established," said Raymond Watson, Director of Business Development at Solution-Soft. "We look forward to many more successful projects ahead." About Time Machine Time Machine saves ten-fold or more on resources and costs associated with temporal testing of applications. It enables you to finish your large scale software projects on time and under budget.  Some other usage scenarios of Time Machine include Cloud migration, time zone adjustment, data aging, Big Data analysis and online training.  Time Machine is the original date and time simulation software for Unix and Windows since 1997 and it is Cloud ready.  Thousands of customers worldwide utilize Time Machine successfully across all industries on a daily basis; including 47 of the Fortune 100 companies. About Solution-Soft Solution-Soft is the leader in date and time testing software solutions, as well as data compression/file transfer and data storage management. We proudly provide our 2000+ domestic and international customers with patent-pending software solutions proven to optimize customer IT infrastructure, save costs, and deliver mission critical applications.  Our goal is to deliver solutions that both fulfill our customers needs and catalyze future growth. Solution-Soft's customers are across all market sectors including 3M, Barclaycards, BBC, Boeing, CalPERS, Centrica UK, Covered California, Discover, Fed Ex, French Telecom, National Australia Bank, State Farm and Wells Fargo. Solution-Soft's market presence is bolstered by partnerships with Accenture, Citrix, FICO, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Red Hat and SAP.  Solution-Soft works closely with top tier consultant partners around the world across all industries to achieve clients' business objectives with ultimate ROI. About FICO FICO powers decisions that help people and businesses around the world prosper. Founded in 1956 and based in Silicon Valley, the company is a pioneer in the use of predictive analytics and data science to improve operational decisions. FICO holds more than 165 US and foreign patents on technologies that increase profitability, customer satisfaction and growth for businesses in financial services, telecommunications, health care, retail and many other industries. Using FICO solutions, businesses in more than 100 countries do everything from protecting 2.6 billion payment cards from fraud, to helping people get credit, to ensuring that millions of airplanes and rental cars are in the right place at the right time. Learn more at http://www.fico.com. Founded in 1993, Solution-Soft is privately held and based in Santa Clara, Ca., for more information visit http://www.solution-soft.com or call +1.408.346.1400. Contact: Raymond Watson Solution-Soft 408.346.1400 ### Solution-Soft and Time Machine are trademarks or registered trademarks of SolutionSoft Systems, Inc. FICO and Debt Manager are trademarks or registered trademarks of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries. Contact Raymond Watson 408 346 1400 ***@solution-soft.com End Source : SolutionSoft Systems, Inc. » Follow Email : ***@solution-soft.com Listed Under- Tags : Application Testing, Virtual clock, Time Shift Testing Industry : Software Location : Santa Clara - California - United States Subject : Partnerships A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse SolutionSoft Systems, Inc. News Solution-Soft's Time Machine Framework for WebLogic Now Available in the Oracle Cloud Marketplace Solution-Soft's Time Machine Framework for Oracle Now Available in the Oracle Cloud Marketplace Trending New Music Release by Latin Artist Miguel Angel 'El Bronco' Titled "Dolor!" Robert Cadogan & Heidy Frank join Dranoff 2 Piano Foundation Board Critical Skills for Successful Project Management Webinar Baby K'tan, LLC Announces Global Expansion with 2012 Ltd Tourette Association of America Announces Three New Board Members Daily News RaceAmerica Corporation partners with ALM Sales PTY Ltd - 435 views Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 394 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 260 views WalkMe Inc. Ranked Number #13 Fastest Growing Company in North America - 231 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 225 views Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1233 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 921 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 802 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 737 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 708 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 243 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 205 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 187 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 148 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Former NAACP head: 'We must stop’ Sessions as AG Administration — 3m 27s ago ‘Keep It In The Ground’ movement continues to deny science Energy & Environment — 15m 26s ago Trump team talking to Sen. Moran for Agriculture secretary Administration — 20m 49s ago Fantasy sports sites DraftKings, FanDuel to merge Technology — 28m 2s ago Texas to debate ending in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants News — 31m 43s ago New regs for Monday: Emissions, nuclear, hazardous materials Regulation — 33m 45s ago The new political battlefield: ESPN Media — 36m 53s ago Ana Navarro: Sessions was ‘too racist to be a judge’ in the 80s Administration — 59m ago view all Saudi Arabia hires 10th lobby firm By Megan R. Wilson - 10/03/16 12:05 PM EDT   © Getty The government of Saudi Arabia is now employing 10 lobbying firms in Washington as it grapples with a new law that would allow families of victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks to sue the country. The Saudis have hired King & Spalding to provide “advocacy and legal services” related to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, according to a contract filed with the Justice Department. It’s the fifth firm to be hired by the country in recent weeks. ADVERTISEMENT Congress handed President Obama his first veto override last week, turning the 9/11 bill into law. But top Republican lawmakers are already discussing rewriting the law to address some of the unintended consequences.  Saudi Arabia hired four other firms at the end of September, right before the White House issued its veto. Heavyweights Squire Patton Boggs, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck and Glover Park Group, along with Sphere Consulting, were added to the payroll. Unlike the other firms, King & Spalding inked its contract through Saudi Arabia’s Ministry of Commerce and Investment. The agreement does not discuss fees or the duration of the work, saying those details were still being worked out. A review of disclosures by The Hill shows that Saudi Arabia is now paying upward of $1.3 million in lobbying fees per month — including payments to its other firms, Hogan Lovells, MSLGroup, DLA Piper, Podesta Group and BGR Group. Targeted Victory, a Republican ad firm, is working through a subcontract with MSLGroup. Earlier this year, Saudi Arabia threatened to sell off hundreds of billions of dollars of American assets should the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act become law. Obama has warned that the law allowing Americans to sue countries or individuals suspected of sponsoring terrorism could also ultimately open up Americans to lawsuits by foreign governments. Companies like Boeing, Dow Chemical, General Electric and Chevron also pressed lawmakers not to vote for the override, according to Politico.  Almost immediately after the vote to sustain the legislation into law, overturning Obama’s veto, leaders began discussing ways to change it. “I would like to think there’s a way we can fix so that our service members do not have legal problems overseas while still protecting the rights of the 9/11 victims,” Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanTrump vowed to “drain the swamp,” here’s how Overnight Finance: House GOP plans short-term spending bill | Senate Republicans not happy | Yellen intends to finish term In Medicare fixes for ACA — keep the good stuff MORE (R-Wis.) said last week after the successful veto override.  Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob CorkerBob CorkerTrump’s nominees may face roadblocks McConnell: Senate will extend Iran sanctions in lame-duck House votes to extend Iran sanctions MORE (R-Tenn.) said that he spoke to Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir last week, according to Bloomberg, and the Saudis are open to tweaking the law with new legislation following the November elections. Prior to the law, families of terrorist attack victims could only sue governments thought to be responsible if the country was a State Department-designated sponsor of terrorism. Saudi Arabia does not have that designation. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 hailed from Saudi Arabia. Critics have long suspected that the kingdom’s government may have either directly or indirectly supported the attacks, something the Saudis vehemently deny. Tags Bob Corker, Paul Ryan   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump’s transition takes surprise... Donald Trump and his transition team sent clear signals on Thursday&... 466 Shares 2 Trump taps Sessions for AG President-elect Donald Trump has selected Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) to... 311 Shares 3 Report: Trump to settle Trump... The president-elect will pay between $20 million and $25 million but admit... 268 Shares 4 Axelrod: Trump’s picks a ‘monster’... Axelrod panned Trump's future attorney general, CIA director and national... 259 Shares 5 Ivanka sits in on Trump's meeting... Ivanka Trump is pictured sitting across from her father and Japan's Prime... 226 Shares 6 Trump picks Rep. Pompeo as CIA... Pompeo was a member the House Select Committee on Benghazi. 219 Shares 7 Our ally Turkey is in crisis and... OPINION | It is imperative that we remember who our real friends are. 157 Shares 8 House GOP eying major Medicare... Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price (R-Ga.) said that he expects lawmakers... 138 Shares 9 Kanye West: I’d have voted for... "If I were to have voted, I would have voted on Trump," the rapper said. 129 Shares 10 Obama won't call off anti-Trump... Obama said protests are just something Trump would have to get used to as... 120 Shares 11 Ana Navarro: Sessions was ‘too... "Jeff Sessions, considered too racist to be a judge in 80's, is Trump's AG... 116 Shares 12 Sanders won’t join Democratic Party Sanders was appointed to a leadership position within the Senate... 108 Shares 13 Democrats have one final shot to... OPINION | Foster Campbell can win the runoff in Louisiana. 100 Shares 14 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 100 Shares 15 Trump team talking to Sen. Moran... Moran serves as the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee’s... 96 Shares 16 GOP braces for Trump’s $1T... Republicans in Congress appear ready to embrace President-elect Donald... 83 Shares 17 Quote from Clinton concession... Twitter announced that the most retweeted tweet of the election cycle was... 83 Shares 18 Memo to the LGBT community: Donald... OPINION | No signs the LGBT community will be targeted by Trump... 82 Shares 19 KKK, American Nazi Party praise... President-elect Donald Trump is drawing praise from the Ku Klux Klan, neo-... 82 Shares 20 David Duke applauds Trump tapping... Duke called Flynn a “great pick” because of a tweet by Flynn over the... 81 Shares 21 The new political battlefield: ESPN OPINION | When Disney stock starts to fall and ESPN gets the blame, you... 81 Shares 22 115th Congress will be most... The new Congress set to take office in January is slated to be the most... 78 Shares 23 Tim Ryan to challenge Pelosi for... Some House Democrats are urging a change in leadership after disappointing... 73 Shares 24 Ohio man charged with threatening... "My life goal is to assassinate Trump," one of the man's tweets allegedly... 69 Shares 25 Cruz tells friends he’s interested...  Ted Cruz has told confidants he’s interested in serving as attorney... 66 Shares 26 GOP opts for short-term spending... House Republicans on Thursday settled on a plan to fund the government... 65 Shares 27 Anti-Defamation League CEO: I’ll '... "This is the day this proud Jew will register as Muslim," Jonathan... 63 Shares 28 Republican proposes charging anti-...  “Fear, intimidation and vandalism are not a legitimate form of political... 59 Shares 29 Spy chief James Clapper resigns “I submitted my letter of resignation last night, which felt pretty good... 58 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
At Home in the World Share your travel experiences Subscribe For just $6 Subscribe Subscribe Where in the world are you thinking of?Search food & drinksstyle & designarts & culturetravel inspirationtravel awardstravel intelcity guidesvideosvoyagesupgrades & extras Restaurants & CafesBars & NightlifeWineCocktails The Best New Places to Eat in Tel Aviv The Hottest Wine Destinations of 2016 You Can't Get These Hotel Cocktails Anywhere Else in the World Pastry Chef Dominique Ansel to Open Tokyo Pop-Up FashionShoppingDesignArchitectureStreet StyleBeauty & WellnessLuxury The 10 Most Beautiful Snow Castles In the World Traveler x Allure = the Ultimate Dopp Kit We Love These Fashion-and-Food Mashups The Famed Venice Lion Has Been Restored, Thanks to...Coco Chanel? MusicArtFilm & TVBooksMuseums & GalleriesTheatre & DanceFestivals & Events The 10 Best Travel Books of 2015 Print Isn't Dead at These Bookstores for Obsessives The World's Best Museum Gift Shops 9 Breathtaking Photos of Rajasthan, India CruisesRomanceThe Next ListCultureBeachesFoodFamilyOut of the OrdinaryGay & LesbianEco & AdventureRoad Trips A Perfect Day in Lexington, Kentucky 10 Frozen Lakes That Will Restore Your Faith in Winter 15 Breathtaking Photos of the Great Barrier Reef 15 Places That Look Like They're On Another Planet Readers' Choice AwardsGold ListHot List The Best Cities in the World The Best Islands in the World The 50 Best Hotels In the World The 50 Best Resorts in the World Business TravelLoyalty & RewardsAir TravelHotelsCruisesDrivingTech & GearFamily TravelHealthSolo Travel The World's Safest Airline Is... Top 10 Things to Do In Lexington, Kentucky Americans Won't Need Visas to Visit Brazil This Summer How to Go on Vacation With Your Coworkers Morocco Paris Milan London New York City Dubai Nashville Rome San Francisco Cape Town Tokyo Las Vegas Beijing Singapore Aspen Philadelphia Austin Los Angeles Florence Barcelona Chicago Washington, D.C. Hotel Stories Let's Eat Shorter Than Short Drink With A View An African Summer: 10 Days in Botswana The Grand Coast: A Journey Through Croatia Wild at Heart: A Brazilian Safari Of Emeralds and Elephants: The Wonders of Rajasthan The Seven Cruise WondersConnoisseursExtraordinariesPostThe Road Less TraveledThe Editor's Itinerary 2nd Annual Shorties Festival Modern Adventure The Editor's Itinerary Close Where in the world are you thinking of?Search; Travel IntelAir Travel Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email MH370 Mystery: New 'Crash Detectives' Book Explores What Happened by Barbara PetersonOctober 3, 2016 Getty The MH370 crash largely remains a mystery. Share via facebook dialog Share via Pinterest Investigator and aviation reporter Christine Negroni makes a compelling case for a possible explanation that, thus far, hasn’t gotten much attention. When news broke recently that the crash of Malaysia Air Flight 17 was almost certainly caused by a Russian missile, it brought to mind that other MH accident—the still-unsolved disappearance of MH370 on its flight to Beijing two-and-a-half years ago. Yet the two disasters are strikingly different: Just days after MH17 was shot from the sky over Ukraine in July 2014 on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, killing all 298 aboard, the wreckage and black boxes had been found. The main unanswered question was who fired the missile. But in the case of MH370, a costly and thus far fruitless underwater search for the 777—presumed to be at the bottom of the Indian Ocean—is about to wrap up, conspiracy theories continue to flourish, ranging from the predictable “pilot did it” scenarios to allegations that Russia, too, had a hand in this one. But now, a book from aviation reporter and investigator Christine Negroni makes a compelling case for a possible explanation that hasn’t gotten much attention: hypoxia, or a lack of oxygen caused by depressurization inside the aircraft cabin, incapacitated the pilots and ultimately everyone on board, even as the plane flew on for hours on autopilot until it ran out of fuel and presumably crashed into the sea. Negroni’s book, The Crash Detectives, out this week from Penguin Publishers, doesn’t focus only on MH370, but it puts it into context by chronicling a string of what the subtitle describes as the “world’s most mysterious air disasters”—including some long-ago cases like Amelia Earhart’s last flight, and the strange crash of a plane that killed UN secretary-general Dag Hammarskjöld. And it plumbs the reasons why some accidents are particularly hard to crack. But what exactly is hypoxia, and how could it lead otherwise capable pilots to crash a plane? The simple answer is that planes flying above 10,000 feet must be pressurized to a livable altitude of around 8,000 feet above sea level, otherwise, people aboard would suffer from dangerous low levels of oxygen and, the higher the plane, the more rapid the loss of consciousness. Instances of depressurization are rare, and can be caused by a sudden event, such as an explosion, or, more commonly at lower altitudes, failure to activate the pressurization controls. In either case an alarm should sound, and pilots are trained to don oxygen masks or descend to below 10,000 feet. But pilots have only seconds to act, Negroni tells Condé Nast Traveler, and the initial symptoms of hypoxia are like intoxication—giving people a false sense of confidence, and impairing judgment. 5 Ways Flying Will Change After MH370 “It’s really two failures,” Negroni says. “It’s the failure that caused the hypoxia and failure to use the mask.” Using several other cases involving hypoxia as a guide—including the crash of Helios Flight 522 out of Athens in 2005, Negroni lays out a strong argument for how hypoxia would explain many of the unanswered questions about MH370, such as the lack of distress call, the disabling of the transponder that signals the plane’s location, and the seemingly inexplicable movements of the plane as it changed course before vanishing from screens completely. And as for what caused the cabin to lose pressure in the first place, she examines several theories, including whether the lithium battery shipment in the cargo hold could have caught fire. A more likely cause, she argues, is an electrical failure that knocked out the plane’s systems, and points to clues from previous incidents involving leaks into the critical electronics bay on other large Boeing and Airbus aircraft. Others, including The Daily Beast's Clive Irving and David Soucie, an aviation safety analyst for CNN, have also backed the hypoxia theory. And while Negroni is not optimistic the plane and its black boxes will be retrieved from the bottom of the ocean, she says it’s illusory to think that the wreckage alone would solve the mystery. “I say ‘Stop using the (missing) black boxes as a dodge,’” says Negroni. After all, if the plane was flying for hours in a kind of zombie state before it plunged into the sea, those recorders might not yield much valuable data anyway, as they record only the last hours of the flight. Just as a murder case can be solved without a body, using evidence such as maintenance records, previous episodes involving that particular aircraft model, and any other sources, can help investigators piece together a likely scenario that at the very least can help prevent other similar accidents from occurring in the future. Video Highlights Share this story Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Email Recommended for You Travel Inspiration The 20 Most Beautiful College Campuses in America by Laura Vogel Read Now Follow CNTraveler Get Traveler Delivered Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift International Orders Get Our Digital Edition Renew Subscription FAQ Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Helpful LinksAdvertise with CNTravelerCNTraveler Media KitReprints & PermissionsSite Map More from Condé NastCondé Nast Traveler UKCondé Nast Traveler SpainCondé Nast StoreCareers at Condé Nast Condé Nast Visit Our Sister SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016).  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.

null


Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Friday, November 18, 2016 Home World U.S. Canada Climate War & Peace Economy Rights Solutions President-Elect Donald Trump #NoDAPL 2016 Key Ballot Issues Election 2016 Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Three Reasons a New President Won't Help America. One Way She or He Could. Published on Monday, October 03, 2016 by Common Dreams Three Reasons a New President Won't Help America. One Way She or He Could. by Paul Buchheit 0 Comments 'Inequality has ripped us apart, not only economically, but also emotionally, as people further removed from the lives of others tend to distrust each other.' (Photo: Elvert Barnes / Flickr) There are at least three major American failures that are too entrenched in our society to undergo change with anything less than an FDR-type effort. Corporations Continue to Ignore Their Responsibility to Education The Wall Street Journal says, "Many workers who were laid off in recent decades...don’t have the skills to do today’s jobs. An Apple executive recently lamented, "The U.S. has stopped producing people with the skills we need." But opportunities for young people have diminished as corporations have rejected their obligation to society. Public colleges and universities have suffered major cuts in funding over the last ten years, while the largest American corporations have avoided hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes by stashing their profits overseas. Corporate leaders blame government, they blame society, they blame the poor for their own misfortunes. But they don't acknowledge their responsibility to pay for the people and research provided by higher education, especially during the technological boom of the 1990s. Instead they seem to agree with Donald Trump about skipping out on taxes: "That makes me smart." Higher education is one of the main victims of this narcissistic way of thinking. The Rich Lack Incentive to Help Others: They Believe an "Invisible Hand" Will Do It For every 100 American millionaires six years ago, there are now 140. As this richest 5% of America gets richer, many of them lose the sense of empathy that creates a strong society, and they become more convinced that the magic of the market will solve all the country's problems. What is the "invisible hand" incentive to take the place of FEMA? It was a very visible money-clutching hand after Hurricane Sandy, when private insurance companies manipulated the system to make hundreds of millions of dollars while devastated families got shortchanged on their policies. After home-destroying Oklahoma earthquakes in 2015, possibly caused by fracking, over 90 percent of claims were denied on the grounds that the quakes were human-made and not "acts of God," while oil companies flipped the argument and called the earthquakes "natural disasters." Where is the invisible hand for clean water? Entire cities get poisoned when companies seek shortcuts in the name of profits. And for healthy food, which should be a society-uniting human rights concern, but was preempted by Big Ag companies who pushed Congress to the anti-labeling DARK Act (Deny Americans the Right to Know). The American super-rich apparently aren't even willing to help their own descendants. The earth is on track to hit its highest temperature in 2 million years, yet not a single U.S. city is ranked among the world's 20 most sustainable cities. Too Many Americans Think They're "Exceptional" Are we better than everyone else? In 2014 Larry Wittner reviewed international comparisons in education, health, and child poverty and found that: (1) For education, according to a Program for International Student Assessment of 65 countries, 15-year-olds in the U.S. ranked 17th in reading and 21st in math; (2) For healthcare (including infant mortality and life expectancy), the Commonwealth Fund concluded that the U.S. was LAST among 11 advanced industrial countries, while the World Health Organization judged the U.S. healthcare system 30th in the world; and (3) For child poverty, a UN study of 35 economically advanced countries found the U.S. second to last. "They are not very good at feeding their people, but they invest a huge amount in their weapons." President Barack Obama said that, speaking about North Korea. Obama also said, "The United States of America must remain a standard bearer in the conduct of war. That is what makes us different from those whom we fight." Exceptionalism again. But it's been reported that only about 10 percent of Afghan airstrikes killed the intended targets in a 5-month period, and that only about 12 percent of drone victims in Pakistan could be named as al Qaeda militants. Our "standard-bearing" Air Force is dropping so many bombs on Muslim countries that companies like Boeing are gearing up for increased weaponry sales, as stock prices for weapons manufacturers keep surging. Next up, very possibly, is Hillary, who promises to escalate in Syria. One Way to Help America Inequality has ripped us apart, not only economically, but also emotionally, as people further removed from the lives of others tend to distrust each other. Tragically, it may take a war or a natural disaster to reverse that. But there's another way, and it's becoming increasingly important with the technological takeover of middle class jobs. We need a guaranteed income. It's the one way we could immediately instill a degree of equality in America, while restoring some of the missing trust in each other. The new President would probably have to institute a financial transaction tax. He or she would have to create jobs in alternative energy infrastructure. It's unlikely, but it's doable. It may be the only way to help America. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Paul Buchheit Paul Buchheit is a college teacher, an active member of US Uncut Chicago, founder and developer of social justice and educational websites (UsAgainstGreed.org, PayUpNow.org, RappingHistory.org), and the editor and main author of "American Wars: Illusions and Realities" (Clarity Press). He can be reached at paul@UsAgainstGreed.org. Share This Article More in: Solutions, U.S. , Education, Corporate Power, Taxation, Wall Street, Inequality, Austerity, Election 2016 Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Peter Dreier Trump Isn’t Hitler. But We Should Act Like He Is. Christopher D. Cook In the Dumps? Ten Ways to Fight Trump Peter Bloom Progressives Wake Up: It’s Time to Put Centrism to Rest Mehdi Hasan As a Muslim, How Do I Tell My Child the New President Doesn’t Like Us? Ralph Nader Which Trump? Early Signs Not Good Jake Johnson Stop the Lobbyist Howard Dean, Support Keith Ellison for DNC Chair Walden Bello How Obama’s Legacy Lost the Elections for Hillary Mattea Kramer On the Road With Our American Selves Chuck Collins, Helen Flannery Gilded Giving: What Happens When Billionaires Dominate the Charitable Sector Ryan Goodman, Samuel Moyn Trump’s Whistleblowers—Why Pardoning Manning and Snowden Makes Sense Now Robert C. Koehler Election Theft and Racist Elitism John Feffer Bartleby the American More Views News That Matters Trump Empire Contains 'Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History' 'Resistance Is Courage': Author and Climate Warrior Offers Thoughts on Struggle Ahead The Islamophobic Black-Ops Master Likely to Head Trump's National Security Bernie Sanders and Broad Progressive Coalition Hold People's Rally in D.C. Wall Street and Private Prisons 'Licking Their Lips' Over Trump Presidency Under Shadow of Trump, Lame Duck Obama Unveils Bold Climate Plan Angela Merkel Sounds Death Knell for TTIP—But Don't Thank Donald Trump Sanders Warns President-Elect Trump: 'We Are Not Going Backwards' Major Trump Backer Cites Internment Camps to Defend 'Muslim Registry' 'Business-As-Usual' Climate Scenario Will Cost World Economy $12 Trillion: UN More News Further More Small Good Things: Do Not Talk To Other People That Way Amidst our national nightmare, good people are scrambling to find ways to do good and support those feeling threatened. Efforts range from the kinda lame donning of safety pins to the generous signing up of thousands of New Yorkers to accompany fearful subway riders to the bravery of Muslims reaching out to their haters to explain, "This is both our homes." And sometimes, it just takes speaking. See a good guy confront a racist jerk at a Miami Starbucks, and be like him. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out19:06 GMT +318 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Moscow Summons Dutch Ambassador, Expresses Doubts Over MH17 Crash Probe © Sputnik/ Vitaliy Belousov Europe 18:43 03.10.2016Get short URL 7602142 The Russian Foreign Ministry summoned on Monday Dutch Ambassador to Moscow Renée Jones-Bos to present additional reasoning behind Russia's refusal to accept the findings of a Dutch-led investigation into the crash of the Malaysian Flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine in 2014. © AP Photo/ Nicholas Garriga 'Relatives are Our Only Allies': MH17 Investigators Won't Accept Russian DataMOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the statement, Moscow called on the Hague to study in detail the radar data that Russia has recently handed over [to the investigation], which provides the most objective picture of the real situation in the Ukrainian airspace at the time of the catastrophe, and to use this data in the final conclusions. "The head of the Dutch diplomatic mission was informed that…the Russian side has serious reasons to doubt the objectiveness, reliability and impartiality of the conclusions made by the Joint Investigation Team [JIT]," the ministry said in a statement. Moscow also expressed hope that the JIT, in the framework of its competence, will provide an expert evaluation of Kiev's failure to close the Ukrainian airspace as one of the main causes of the tragedy. A preliminary report released by the JIT last Wednesday claimed that the Malaysian Boeing passenger plane was downed by a missile fired from a Buk launcher, which had been brought from Russia and located in southeastern Ukrainian territory held by the local militias. Moscow immediately rejected the findings, calling the report “biased and politically motivated." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 142 Related: Names of MH17 Downing Suspects May Be Confirmed by Year-End - Australia’s FM 'Troubling Gaps': Dutch Report on MH17 Plane Crash Glosses Over Vital Details Investigation Into MH17 Crash ‘Doomed to Fail’ if All Evidence Not Considered Tags: ambassador, MH17 crash, Netherlands, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply choticastile 19:10 03.10.2016 | 3 | Edit | Delete A shameful miscarriage of justice remains the order of the day... Similar to Washington, its obedient and spineless vassals support the fact that the world is aware today, that with the US gunning for Russia for some years now, the truth is always the first casualty with US war hawks. As the full truth of 9/11 is still hidden by the US, even after 'all' was supposedly declassified, so the US is again hiding information which could long since have solved the fateful MH17 crash. It is not only heartless, but soul-less that loved ones in both these horrific tragedies have never been able to have full closure about how or why their loved ones died... In the case of MH17, when so much evidence continues to be ignored, the passengers should sue and subpoena those withholding what is critical to bring the perpetrators to justice as soon as possible.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories US in Syria: Obama's Failed 'Final Accord' US policy in Syria is clearly in a gridlock, however it seems clear to everyone except the While House and the US State Department. Meanwhile, the Obama administration could have at least tried to find a solution before it vacates the office, but has shown no interest in doing so, according to RIA Novosti observer Ilya Kharlamov. 8797 NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish Tensions NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has called for Europe to do more on defense and security, but cautioned against an EU-led military operation, while also asserting the strategic importance of Turkey as a NATO member, despite continuing friction between Ankara and Brussels. 2167 Some Like It Hot... And Expensive: 7 Celebrity Outfits Sold for Big Bucks An iconic moment in the life of one of Hollywood's great movie stars, in 1962, Marilyn Monroe shimmied onto a stage in New York's Madison Square Garden. Squeezed into a dress so tight, she had to be sewn into it, Monroe sang then-President John F. Kennedy a very sultry "Happy Birthday" to celebrate him turning 45. 0 36 All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds Pigs have personalities too - and can be pretty moody sometimes which can even affect the decisions they make, according to a new study carried out on the four-legged creatures in the UK. 0 20 US Security Company Busts New Chinese Smartphone Spyware Security company Kryptowire managed to identify millions of Android smartphones that were laced with hidden software that allowed a third party to spy on their users’ activities. 0 277 'The First Line of Defense': Peshmerga to Stay in Iraq's Liberated Areas Peshmerga forces entered key areas liberated from Daesh terrorists in Iraq's Kurdistan and will stay on there in the future, Kemah Makhmud, advisor to the President of the Kurdistan told Sputnik Arabic. 0 115 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:57All Pigs Are Equal But Some Are Moodier Than Others, New UK Study Finds 18:56Pakistan Navy Prevents Indian Subs From Entering Country's Territorial Waters 18:56Russia Allocates $1Mln to Develop Infrastructure Projects in Black Sea Region 18:50'Stop-Jihadism': France Launches Anti-Radicalization Campaign 18:45Trump: Flynn to Be 'Invaluable Asset' as National Security AdviserAll news Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 15428 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 12297 India Increases Bargaining Power as Home-Made Military Drone Passes First Test 12031 Russia Still India’s Main Partner in Nuclear Energy Despite French, US Interest 10082 Indian Overnight Currency Ban Hits Bull's Eye on Terror Funding 10075All news Outgoing US President Obama Holds Farewell Meeting With Top Ally Merkel 39 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win 37 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 31 Kirby Must Be Disciplined for Discrimination of RT Journalist - Lavrov 28 Lavrov Says Washington, Moscow Unable to Maintain Negative Course in Relations 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News Home » City News » Bangalore Air India to fly more, fill more to turn around Bengaluru, Oct 3 (IANS) National carrier Air India (AI) would fly more and fill more seats to turn around its fortunes by adding more aircraft and destinations on domestic and overseas routes, AI Chairman Ashwani Lohani said on Monday.IANS | Oct 3, 2016, 08.42 PM IST Bengaluru, Oct 3 (IANS) National carrier Air India (AI) would fly more and fill more seats to turn around its fortunes by adding more aircraft and destinations on domestic and overseas routes, AI Chairman Ashwani Lohani said on Monday. "We are adding more aircraft to connect more cities across the country and overseas to increase our capacity, frequency of service and turn around the airline's fortunes soon," Lohani told reporters at a company function here. Admitting that the state-run airline's market share had declined, especially on the domestic routes, Lohani said in a dynamic business and competitive environment, it's the market forces that determined the growth and share of airlines. "Civil aviation is a dynamic business. I would say it is the mother of all businesses. It's highly competitive. Market forces decide the fares. Our strategy is to improve the service, punctuality, on-time performance and boost the morale of our employees to give their best to restore the airline's lost glory," said Lohani. On the international routes, the airline is looking at adding more destinations in Europe, the US, Australia and South East Asia with non-stop and one-stop services for providing better and faster connectivity. "We have launched four non-stop direct flights on overseas routes during this year, including one to San Francisco in the US, Vienna in Austria, Rome in Italy and Birmingham in Britain. We plan to add 10 more destinations in 2017," Lohani said. The airline will start a non-stop service to Madrid in Spain from Delhi in December. "We are already operating non-stop flights to nine destinations in Europe, four cities across the US and two in Australia. With the addition of more aircraft, we will fly to more destinations non-stop or with one-stop over," said Lohani. Air India commercial director Pankaj Srivastava said on the occasion that the airline would add 10 more aircraft, including seven A-320s of Airbus and three of 777-300ER (extended range) and six more 787 Dreamliners of Boeing. "Though we cover 68 cities with 55 aircraft on the domestic routes, capacity constraints have limited our ability to expand to more tier-two and tier-three cities unlike competitors who fly to 38 cities even with 100 aircraft," Srivastava said. Noting that the passenger traffic was growing at about 20 per cent annually in the domestic market, Lohani said travel had become more competitive as evident from lower yields with flexi fares and better connectivity to tier-two and tier-three cities by competitors. "Once we have more aircraft and expand capacity, we will regain our market share with services on trunk routes and tier-one cities," added Srivastava. Claiming that he has free hand and enough autonomy to run the airline and turn around its fortunes by consolidating and expanding, Lohani said there was no interference from the government or the ministry in the airline's affairs. "Though many had left the airline over the years for various reasons, the attrition has gone down drastically since a year as we are taking care of our staff. There is a sea change in the staff morale. You can assess the mood here," added Lohani. Earlier, Lohani unveiled the airline's new booking office at a heritage building in the city centre as part of the company's revival strategy. "Bengaluru is the fifth biggest stations in the airline's extensive domestic network and well connected to other cities across the country and overseas," the company said in a statement later. --IANS fb/sm/dg Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Tendulkar would hit 100 and then shop, reveals Ganguly India strikes back, carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads at LoC How India plans to use Indus Water Treaty to turn the heat on Pakistan Watch: Equipment, ammunition recovered from Baramulla attack site Watch exclusive pictures of equipment and ammunition recovered from Baramulla terror attack site. Nation salutes Baramulla braveheart Nitin Kumar Gun salutes were paid to BSF jawan Nitin Kumar who lost his life in the Baramulla terror attack. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7us viennaus australiaSrivastavaSpainSouth East Asia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners 557 kg banned plastic seized Pushing Karnataka as Pharma destiny, KIA get India’s 1st perishable cargo facility Ailing AI moving towards turnaround: Chairman Lohani     Oppo Fresh Face Auditions at Baldwin Womens Methodist College Bengaluru Bengaluru may get a new cricket stadium by 2019 Once Bengaluru had 964 lakes, now stressed for water; cost to revive them Rs 40,000 crore To escape SC wrath, Karnataka to pass new Cauvery resolution Stabbed, robbed, Bengaluru man runs 1.5km to get home MBBS seat breaches Rs 1.2 crore on tepid supply 1Air India to fly more, fill more to turn around 2557 kg banned plastic seized 3Pushing Karnataka as Pharma destiny, KIA get India’s 1st perishable cargo facility 4Ailing AI moving towards turnaround: Chairman Lohani     5Oppo Fresh Face Auditions at Baldwin Womens Methodist College Bengaluru 6Bengaluru may get a new cricket stadium by 2019 7Once Bengaluru had 964 lakes, now stressed for water; cost to revive them Rs 40,000 crore 8To escape SC wrath, Karnataka to pass new Cauvery resolution 9Stabbed, robbed, Bengaluru man runs 1.5km to get home 10MBBS seat breaches Rs 1.2 crore on tepid supply About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Breaking News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack Kolkata Test Score India Surgical Strike US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Cauvery Water Dispute Breaking News Dussehra 2016 iPhone 7 Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
null
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Symphony presents magical ensemble New public art unveiling Saturday WWI pilgrimage: Local author discusses family saga of loss Vancouver woman pleads guilty to assaulting infant Cops find 3 pounds of meth after two searches, arrests of same man this month Vandals snap, uproot trees and bushes at under-construction Sorenson Park City cleans up streets around Share House WSU Vancouver among campuses with protests in wake of election Clark Talks: Podcast explores housing in county Rake-a-thon planned for Cape Horn trail City launches annual toy drive A year ago today, Korey Cochran learned he had a rare and aggressive form of brain cancer. The Vancouver father… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11/18 La Center’s Jack Hiller has history on his side James Harden has 3rd triple-double, Rockets beat Blazers Camas to host Pop Warner regionals Russell Wilson’s investment in arena 1st step for Seattle QB Clark volleyball wins NWAC Tournament opener Angels’ Trout, Cubs’ Bryant picked as baseball’s best Hunters wary of Shillapoo salmon habitat proposal Fishing report 11/17 State buys wildlife land near Merrill Lake Camas girls soccer team has one goal: No goals Papermakers have only allowed two goals all season Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Amazon taps merchants for warehouse space Six tips to navigate holiday travel at PDX Singletary: Trump’s election does not bode well for the CFPB Data: better payoff for public college career programs LinkedIn opens 8-megawatt Oregon data center Wells Fargo appoints new branch manager Humane Society names two new board members Wellness Center to open in Lincoln neighborhood Airbnb plans to add tours, activities Wells Fargo new accounts in big decline Six tips to navigate holiday travel at PDX Flying from Portland International Airport for the holidays? Be prepared for a lot of company at what Travel + Leisure… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Kelly shares history in Ailes lawsuit Symphony presents magical ensemble Dockery still good at being bad in new series Rare cranes making a comeback New on DVD: Two animated films both expand on originals ‘The Edge of Seventeen’ balances angst, laughs Weatherly pleased with legal drama ‘Bull’ ‘Bleed for This’ is familiar, boxing biopic Blind Onion is worth taking a closer look 27 movies for your holiday watch list Go, Ideas for your weekend: Run out for shopping, music and Shakespeare Take the weekend to plan for these local Thanksgiving running events. Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sewage Plan Good News Robinson: Trump will be president but he hasn’t earned our trust Letter: Left’s propaganda fails Letter: A chance to clean up Hanford Letter: Win is not a mandate Letter: Hope can overcome fear Letter: Riots are unacceptable In Our View: Secession Obsession Parker: Is Steve Bannon really as bad as he is made out to be? Letter: Hold leaders to high standards Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Everybody has a story: Thanksgiving out in the wilderness a year to remember School donates piano to nursing care center Applause You Can Help Vancouver celebrates Miss Washington with Alicia Cooper Day Ridgefield resident places in state wool competition Students create videos about vaping Good cafeteria behavior leads to five-course meal My Fair Kitty fundraiser supports new shelter Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View: Vote ‘No’ on Emissions Tax Initiative 732 well-intentioned, but its benefits as advertised don’t add up Published: October 3, 2016, 6:03 AM A   A Initiative 732 is a well-intentioned measure that doesn’t quite add up. The Columbian’s Editorial Board recommends a “no” vote on the initiative, which is a proposal to create a tax on emissions for the state’s for most polluting companies while reducing the sales tax. As always, this is merely a recommendation designed to foster discussion. We trust the ability and desire of voters to examine the initiative before casting an informed ballot. Given the intensely important need to address climate change, Initiative 732 is deserving of such an examination. There is no doubt the earth has been warming over the past several decades, leaving whether or not human activity contributes to that as the only question; most scientists believe that it does. From that standpoint, the issue becomes one of what we should do about it, and which approaches will be most effective for dealing with the crisis while spurring economic growth rather than hampering it. Initiative 732 would impose a tax of $25 per ton upon the carbon content of fossil fuels emitted by companies, with the tax increasing over time. This would particularly hit businesses in the pulp and paper, forestry products, and food production industries. Meanwhile, the measure would reduce the state sales tax from 6.5 percent to 5.5 percent over two years. The initiative was designed to be revenue neutral for the state, with a reduction in sales-tax revenue being offset by an increase to taxes upon industry. Good idea, but analyses suggest that it falls short of its goal. The Office of Financial Management has estimated that state revenue would decline by $797 million during the first six years under I-732. This would pit efforts to combat climate change against public education, social services, and other necessary state expenditures. Supporters of Initiative 732 dispute these numbers, but the analyses lead to reasonable questions about how long it would take before the Legislature started inching the sales tax back toward its current level. Meanwhile, the measure also includes an $800 million tax break for the sale of airplanes by Boeing and others, a clause that advocates say was inadvertently included. Finally, I-732 fails to direct proceeds from the carbon tax toward bolstering a clean-energy economy. It simply transfers a portion of the tax burden from individuals to carbon-burning industries while advocating for no change in how revenue is spent. It also, realistically, would offset some of the savings for average families by generating increased energy costs. Per-capita, Washington ranks among the nation’s most effective states when it comes to limiting carbon emissions. The state’s environmentally conscious ethos and the good fortune of abundant hydroelectricity can be credited for that status, but we must not lose sight of the fact that there always is more that can be done. Even if one does not believe that human activity contributes to climate change — again, a vast majority of scientists believe that it does — there always are benefits to be found in reducing emissions and working to ensure clean water and clean air for ourselves and for future generations. But measures to further reduce emissions must undergo a strenuous cost-benefit analysis rather than become beholden to the notion that any strategy is a good strategy. For a variety of reasons, Initiative 732 does not stand up to that scrutiny, and The Columbian recommends that voters reject it at the ballot box. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/18/16 10:40 AM EST Sessions as AG raises stakes for Comey, Clinton By Kyle Cheney Donald Trump's selection of Sen. Jeff Session as his attorney general pick raises the stakes for FBI Director James Comey and Hillary Clinton, who have... Congress Updated 11/18/16 10:37 AM EST Meet the Rust Belt meditation guru challenging Pelosi By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/18/16 10:33 AM EST Trump’s picks for AG, CIA, national security adviser accept nods By Matthew Nussbaum "I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States,” Sen. Jeff Sessions said. Updated 11/18/16 10:24 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney, Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson The president-elect starts building out his administration with loyalists. 11/18/16 10:21 AM EST Trump transition sends landing teams to DOJ, State, Pentagon and NSC By Brent Griffiths Here are a few of the notable names. 11/18/16 10:15 AM EST In nod to Trump, GOP likely to push Sessions through confirmation By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor But Democrats will probably put enormous pressure on centrist Republicans to block Sessions on the floor. 11/18/16 10:08 AM EST Playback: Clinton’s first appearance since the election 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Next for the DNI By Tim Starks Talks about the Vulnerability Equities Process — Section 702 goes to court 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Canada, Mexico to talk about the elephant in the room By Adam Behsudi Transition kicks into high gear — Farm bureau chief: Trump is a trade president 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Proposed rule on airborne cellphone calls coming By Brianna Gurciullo Upton: Flint aid likely to go in a CR — Donald the disrupter… to the aerospace industry 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tax prom takeaway By Bernie Becker Call to arms — More online action 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tech to tee off with Trump? By Li Zhou Rosenworcel nomination facing potential death blow — FTC delivers 'sharing economy' assessment 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST 2018 Senate strategizing starts in the House By Theodoric Meyer Updates on North Carolina governor's race, CA-49 — More candidates step forward for upcoming gubernatorial elections 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST White House Fall Reg Agenda By Ted Hesson Hoffa pulls ahead in election — Will Rauner sign teacher pension bill? 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could quick Obamacare repeal sink the individual market? By Dan Diamond Pharma off the hook on Cures funding — How the health care sector sees the possible Trump administration 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Tim Ryan, healthy food advocate, challenging Pelosi By Catherine Boudreau Trump transition watch — California (drought) dreamin' 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Hoosier policies head to Washington By Benjamin Wermund Bracing for Trump’s deportation sweep — Common core critics push Trump 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Congress talking big! By Darius Tahir From Trump Tower — On CMMI 11/18/16 10:00 AM EST Could California drought deal actually get done? By Anthony Adragna AGs ordered deposed in Exxon case — McKinley for EPA chief? Updated 11/18/16 09:57 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Germany expected to deny asylum to thousands By Esther King 5 things to watch in France’s conservative primary By Nicholas Vinocur Angela Merkel’s new job: Global savior By Konstantin Richter 11/18/16 09:30 AM EST NEWSOM calls for ‘sanctuary campuses’ -- CALIFORNIA water deal on the way? -- PELOSI challenged by Ohio’s Ryan Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. 11/18/16 12:04 AM EST Cordell Hull addresses Congress: Nov. 18, 1943 By Andrew Glass During World War II, on this day in 1943, Secretary of State Cordell Hull became the first Cabinet officer ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 11/17/16 11:47 PM EST Ivanka Trump sits in on meeting with Japanese prime minister By Cristiano Lima Her inclusion comes as Trump faces questions about how he plans to wall off his business ventures from the White House. Updated 11/17/16 10:03 PM EST Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/17/16 08:44 PM EST 45 After Dark: Getting a MOU on edition By Henry C. Jackson Trump’s transition team has all its paperwork in for a memorandum of understanding with the White House. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print AUSA conference kicks off today By Jeremy Herb 10/03/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro DRIVING THE DEFENSE WEEK — AUSA CONFERENCE KICKS OFF TODAY: The Association of the U.S. Army Annual Meeting and Exposition gets underway this morning, with the Army and its contractors’ hardware taking center stage at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. The three-day conference is always a major event on the defense tradeshow calendar and a chance to remind Washington that the big-dollar programs from the other services aren’t the only ones worth paying attention to. Story Continued Below Army Secretary Eric Fanning gives an early keynote address this morning, followed by a press conference with Fanning and Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley. The full schedule is here. Our colleague Ellen Mitchell and more POLITICO Pro Defense reporters will be on the ground, so follow all our coverage here. THE BATTLE FOR ALEPPO — THE SYRIAN MILITARY URGES REBELS TO SURRENDER, via The Associated Press: “Syrian rebels and pro-government forces clashed Sunday on several fronts around Aleppo, as the country's military command called on militants to lay down their weapons and evacuate the contested city. A day after pro-government forces captured the strategic al-Shuqeef hill north of the city, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group reported fierce fighting in areas near the hill and in the Bustan al-Basha neighborhood. “The two sides also clashed in Aleppo's southern Sheikh Saeed neighborhood. The government's attempt to penetrate Aleppo's opposition-held eastern side has been accompanied by a relentless campaign of airstrikes by Russian and Syrian warplanes. President Bashar Assad's forces are depending on the Russia bombardment and Iran-backed militias for support.” — ANOTHER HOSPITAL IS BOMBED, reports The Washington Post: “The largest hospital in eastern Aleppo was bombed Saturday for the second time in a week, killing and wounding more than a dozen patients as they recovered from earlier attacks. Doctors at the facility, known as M10, said the assault involved cluster munitions, barrel bombs and incendiary weapons, prompting mass panic and appeals for help. ‘The hospital is being destroyed. SOS, everyone,’ said ­Mohammad Abu Rajab, the hospital’s administrator and radiologist, in an audio message sent to journalists Saturday morning.” HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where things will be tense at Morning D this week with a one-game wild card game Wednesday between the San Francisco Giants (Jeremy’s team) and New York Mets (Zach’s team). Keep the tips, pitches and feedback coming at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Joseph Donovan was the first to correctly answer that Bert Shepherd, who lost his leg when his plane was shot down in World War II, was the first and only pitcher to play in a major league baseball game with an amputated leg. He pitched one game with the Washington Senators in 1945. Check back Friday for our next question. HAPPENING TODAY — RICHARDSON AT CSIS: Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson speaks this morning at a forum hosted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies and the U.S. Naval Institute. He’ll discuss maintaining maritime superiority as part of CSIS’ Maritime Security Dialogue, an event series sponsored by Lockheed Martin and Huntington Ingalls Industries. ALSO TODAY — PETRAEUS TALKS AFGHANISTAN: Retired Gen. David Petraeus, the former top U.S. commander in Afghanistan and CIA director, joins a Brookings Institution panel discussion this morning on charting a way forward in Afghanistan. Former Special Representative for Afghanistan/Pakistan James Dobbins, former U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ronald Neumann and Ambassador James Cunningham are also on the panel discussing a new paper on creating an enduring U.S.-Afghan partnership. TROUBLE IN COLOMBIA — PEACE DEAL REJECTED BY VOTERS, The New York Times has more here: “A Colombian peace deal that the president and the country’s largest rebel group had signed just days before was defeated in a referendum on Sunday, leaving the fate of a 52-year war suddenly uncertain. A narrow margin divided the yes-or-no vote, with 50.2 percent of Colombians rejecting the peace deal and 49.8 percent voting in favor, the government said. “The result was a deep embarrassment for President Juan Manuel Santos. Just last week, Mr. Santos had joined arms with leaders of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or the FARC, who apologized on national television during a signing ceremony. The surprise surge by the ‘no’ vote — nearly all major polls had indicated resounding approval — left the country in a dazed uncertainty not seen since Britain voted in June to leave the European Union. And it left the future of rebels who had planned to rejoin Colombia as civilians — indeed, the future of the war itself, which both sides had declared over — unknown.” ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two new U.S. Navy aircraft carriers will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. Learn more at acibc.org ** THE NEXT ADMINISTRATION — WHO WOULD TRUMP APPOINT AS AMBASSADORS? Our colleague Nahal Toosi reports U.S. diplomats are concerned about just who would get ambassadorships in a Trump administration: “America’s diplomats are shuddering at the notion that Donald Trump, if elected president, will send unqualified cronies around the world as ambassadors, exporting his bombastic style to sensitive jobs that represent the face of the United States. “As the presidential election draws closer, many career diplomats are uncertain about their future should the Republican presidential nominee and his unorthodox foreign policy positions triumph. And while plenty of them are wary of how Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton — a former secretary of state who will owe a lot of favors — will shape her administration, Trump is by far the bigger unknown. ‘He probably has no idea what the foreign service is,’ lamented one person with deep knowledge of the U.S. diplomatic corps. ‘At least with her we know who half the people who will get these jobs will be. With him, we have no idea.’” WAR REPORT — TALIBAN FIGHTERS RE-ENTER KUNDUZ, via Reuters: “Taliban fighters attacked the northern Afghan city of Kunduz overnight, entering urban areas and threatening a repeat of the assault in which they seized the city exactly a year ago. Sheer Ali Kamawal, commander of the 808 Tandar police zone in Kunduz, said the attack began at around midnight and fighting was going on in and around the city. Some Taliban fighters had entrenched themselves in homes. The fighters appear to have slipped through a defensive security line set up around Kunduz, entering the city itself before clashes broke out, witnesses in the city said.” POLITICO PRO Q&A — NASA ADMINISTRATOR CHARLES BOLDEN: “NASA Administrator Charles Bolden believes commercial companies are the fuel for deep space exploration, but he needs Congress to be on board. The retired Marine major general and former astronaut has led NASA since 2009, but has not always had the support of Congress. Since NASA's 2010 start of the commercial crew program, which would end reliance on Russian and launch astronauts on SpaceX and Boeing rockets, Congress has underfunded the program by more than $1 billion. “‘Not getting partisan at all, but people who talk about free enterprise and everything else, they just didn’t seem to be big into free enterprise when it came to commercial crew,’ Bolden said. ‘If we had gotten the funding when President [Barack] Obama asked for it, we probably would have been flying commercial crew last year, 2015. That was our target. Now, it will be 2018 before we finally fly.’ POLITICO’s Ellen Mitchell sat down with Bolden at NASA's Washington offices for a wide-ranging interview on Congress and space and reaching Mars, among other issues.” The full Q&A is here, for Pros. — LAWMAKERS TARGET SPACEX CERTIFICATION: “A bloc of House Republicans is pressing the Air Force to reconsider its certification of SpaceX for national security space launches following its two explosions in the last 15 months,” we report for POLITICO Pro. “The 10 lawmakers — led by Reps. Robert Aderholt of Alabama and Mike Coffman and Doug Lamborn, both of Colorado — sent a letter charging the Air Force certification ‘appears to have fallen short of ensuring reliable assured U.S. access to space for our most important payloads.’” — HUNTER RESPONDS FOR SPACEX: Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.), who has battled Coffman and Lamborn in House Armed Services space debates, wrote an op-ed in The Washington Times defending SpaceX for driving down the cost of spaceflight: “In addition to asking for a delay in the next round of bids for sensitive national security space launches, [United Launch Alliance] is making a point that cost should be de-emphasized in the source selection criteria for contract awards. Doing so would be far more catastrophic to the future success of American space launch than the loss of a single Falcon 9 rocket and commercial satellite. The requests should be rejected.” — PAROCHIAL INTERESTS: The SpaceX certification letter is led by lawmakers from Colorado and Alabama, where ULA is based and builds its rockets. And SpaceX is based in southern California, north of Hunter’s district. SPEED READ — How Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton would manage the military: Military Times — Women are emerging as potential terrorists for the Islamic State: NYT — Britain expects to trigger the formal process to exit the European Union by the end of March: The Wall Street Journal — Former lawmakers make millions lobbying for Saudi Arabia and other foreign governments: POLITICO — Russia warns the U.S. against attacking Syrian government forces: AP — The fight for Mosul is likely to involve tunnel warfare: Military Times — An Afghan airstrike kills five elite commandos and a policeman: WSJ — The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee says there’s “no doubt” Russia was behind recent hacks targeting state election systems: Reuters — The Pentagon paid half a billion dollars for fake insurgent videos: Bureau of Investigative Journalism — France increases its defense-equipment budget by 300 million euros: Defense News — Non-essential personnel are evacuated from the U.S. naval base at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba because of Hurricane Matthew: Miami Herald — The sale of Lockheed Martin-made F-16s to Bahrain comes with strings attached: Bloomberg — How Gen. Lori Robinson defied the odds to become head of the U.S. Northern Command: Colorado Springs Gazette — The Navy’s proposed changes to its rating system proves controversial: Stars and Stripes — Air Force takes down Navy, 28-14: AP ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Congress Can Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two U.S. Navy Ford-class aircraft carriers, Enterprise (CVN 80) and the yet-to-be-named CVN 81, will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. The advance purchase of construction materials will mean reduced construction costs and greater efficiency in construction. Learn more at acibc.org ** « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Obama to Trump: Time to get serious Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent Trump calms the chaos Trump's border wall may be collapsing National intelligence chief Clapper resigns David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Obama to anti-Trump protesters: Don't be silent Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE WEAPONS ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Weapons Raytheon on target with CHAMP Robin Hughes, London - IHS Jane's Missiles & Rockets 03 October 2016 Key Points Air-based HPM weapon still not a USAF Program of Record Raytheon is also pursuing ground-based HPM applications Raytheon Missile Systems is on track to deliver two refurbished Counter-electronics High-power microwave Advanced Missile Project (CHAMP) air-launched electronic-attack effectors to the US Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) in early 2017. The upgraded CHAMP payload is being advanced under a USD4.8 million funding contract awarded by the AFRL in March 2016. The contract provides for the refurbishment of two US Air Force (USAF)-furnished Boeing AGM-86B Conventional Air-Launched Cruise Missiles (CALCMs), incorporating an upgraded high-power microwave (HPM) payload developed Ktech, a leading compact pulsed power systems engineering house acquired by Raytheon in June 2011. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (135 of 1020 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: Weapons IHS Jane's International Defence Review WEAPONS Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS Czech Army receives new Bren 2 assault rifle INFANTRY WEAPONS Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets WEAPONS Negotiations under way on additional equipment package for Indonesia's PKR frigate NAVAL WEAPONS WEAPONS Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS Czech Army receives new Bren 2 assault rifle INFANTRY WEAPONS Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets WEAPONS Negotiations under way on additional equipment package for Indonesia's PKR frigate NAVAL WEAPONS IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW UK MoD, industry partner to develop deployable 3-D printer IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW USN set to prepare crews for last resort defence against cyber attack IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW UK to retire GWS 60 Harpoon at end of 2018 IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW IHS JANE'S INTERNATIONAL DEFENCE REVIEW AFRL looks to SHIELD combat aircraft WEAPONS Spain considers 'evolution' of Mistral air defence assets WEAPONS UK MoD, industry partner to develop deployable 3-D printer MILITARY CAPABILITIES USN set to prepare crews for last resort defence against cyber attack C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT UK to retire GWS 60 Harpoon at end of 2018 NAVAL WEAPONS FEATURED REPORT The future is here: Australia progresses next-generation submarine 2016 has seen key developments in Australia's Sea 1000 Future Submarine programme. Julian Kerr sets out the progress in and process for delivering the Royal Australian Navy's new boat Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Friday, 18 November 2016 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview Minister: Iran, Airbus to Finalize Deal Soon News ID: 1203554 Service: Economy October, 03, 2016 - 15:39 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – Iran’s Minister of Road and Urban Development Abbas Akhoundi Iran will finalize a contract with French plane manufacturer Airbus for purchase of jetliners in the near future. Speaking to reporters on Monday, Akhoundi said his ministry and Airbus representatives held negotiations in Tehran last week following the US decision to remove a final hurdle for Western aircraft manufacturers to sell planes to Iran under contracts signed after coming into force of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a nuclear agreement between Tehran and the Group 5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France and Germany). “The contract with Airbus will be finalized soon,” he added. Akhoundi noted that talks with Boeing are also in progress with “positive attitude on part of both sides.” While the Western plane makers are impatient to begin trade with Iran, Washington still demands that even non-American manufacturers wishing to sell to Iran obtain an export license if their products include materials made in the United States. Airbus, based in Europe, buys more than 40 percent of all its aircraft parts from the US. During a visit to Paris in January by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, Tehran signed the major contract with Airbus worth about $27 billion to buy 118 planes.  Iran also sealed a deal in June worth around $25 billion with the US aerospace heavyweight, Boeing, for the purchase of 100 passenger planes. R42340/P42410 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1203554 Related news September, 24, 2016 - 19:00 Airbus, Boeing Representatives Due in Tehran Later This Month: Minister September, 21, 2016 - 18:32 Airbus Given US License to Sell 17 Aircraft to Iran All Stories Volkswagen to Cut 30,000 Jobs at VW Brand by 2020 Russian Navy’s Research Vessel Berths at Iranian Port European Leaders, Obama Vow to Hold Fast to NATO Anti-DAPL Campaigner Reveals US Police Brutality against Protesters Asian Water Polo Championship: Iran Defeated by Japan Sweden Concerned over Israel's Settlement Bill Cleric Hits Back at US for Terrorism-Related Sanctions on Iran Dutch Prosecutors Seek Fine for Geert Wilders Chinese Astronauts Return to Earth after Longest Mission Shiite Muslims Converge on Karbala for Arbaeen Mourning Procession Iranian Athletes Claim Silver, Bronze at World Taekwondo Junior Championships Don’t Be Silent, Obama Tells Anti-Trump Protesters Taliban Conquer Afghan Police Station in Western Province Iraqi Forces Advance into Mosul, 1 Soldier Killed Saudi-Backed Mortar Attack Kills Dozens in Yemen Minister Urges Gradual Return of Iranian Pilgrims from Iraq Japan's PM Abe Meets Trump US House Votes to Bar Aircraft Sales to Iran × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (0.03%) 1 3,483 price_dollar (-0.08%) -3 3,938 price_eur -- 4,717 price_gbp -- 955 price_aed (0.09%) 10,000 10,950,000 sekeb (0.05%) 5,000 11,088,000 sekee (0.36%) 20,000 5,610,000 nim (0.34%) 10,000 2,950,000 rob (0.54%) 10,000 1,850,000 gerami (-0.04%) -460 1,104,270 geram18 (-0.04%) -620 1,472,000 geram24 (-0.04%) -2,000 4,788,000 mesghal (-0.04%) -50 1,207.50 ons (0.11%) 100 920.00 platinum (0.06%) 1 16.59 silver (0.14%) 100 717.00 palladium (0.16%) 7 45.09 oil (0.19%) 9 46.17 oil_brent (2.15%) 90 41.84 oil_opec (-0.02%) -12 79,268 bourse -- 1,236 price_try -- 541 price_cny (-20.83%) -5 19 price_jpy (0.07%) 2 2,745 price_cad (0.08%) 2 2,637 price_aud (0.78%) 20 2,570 price_nzd -- 3,627 price_chf (1.92%) 1 52 price_afn (0.24%) 1 415 price_sek (0.19%) 1 523 price_dkk -- 421 price_nok (-0.09%) -10 11,550 price_kwd (-0.53%) -5 940 price_sar (0.52%) 5 965 price_qar (-0.33%) -30 9,100 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd (-20%) -2 8 price_syp (-5%) -3 57 price_inr (2.94%) 1 34 price_pkr (0.38%) 10 2,660 price_sgd (1.06%) 5 470 price_hkd (0.34%) 3 880 price_myr -- 103 price_thb -- 58 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,280 price_azn (-0.54%) -50 9,250 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: جمعه ۲۸ آبان - ۱۹:۳۵ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map   Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Job Market/ About ShippingWatch/ Subscription/ Advertising/ RSS/ 18 November 2016 Login Frontpage Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Danish Version Container Tanker Bulk Svitzer's new CEO for Australia communicates with selfies Carriers: With his new title as CEO of Svitzer Australia, Steffen Risager often runs into "Australian coffee snobs" and communicates on a daily basis taking selfies around the large continent. Now he has to start thinking before he speaks. ShippingWatch has met the CEO of Svitzer's largest market. BY MAJA HALD Published 03.10.16 at 12:34 Log in to read articles Some of our content is exclusively for subscribers. Log in Try ShippingWatch free for 14 days Get 14 days free trial access Create your personal login here Sign up for ShippingWatch newsletter Most read Carriers Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Carriers: Wan Hai – the world's 17th largest container carrier – has been brought to its knees by the dire market for container shipping, according to Lloyd's List, as profits shrunk significantly in the third quarter this year. The carrier has rejected a merger proposal. Read article Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Carriers: Paradoxically, Maersk's own solution to split its business has hit the transport and energy conglomerate, after Standard & Poor's downgraded its credit rating, say several sources. Standard & Poor's is now considering dropping the rating down another notch. Read article Test your ShippingIQ Carriers: Are you up-to-date with the most important events in the international shipping industry in the past week? Have a crack at our new quiz and get the chance to win an Apple Watch. Read article Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration Carriers: US businessman Carl Icahn writes on Twitter that Donald Trump is considering appointing venture capitalist Wilbur Ross to head the Treasury and Commerce departments. Not everyone is happy at the prospect. Read article Here are the world's richest shipping families Carriers: The shipping business has been particularly noted for creating massive family fortunes around the world. The Maersk family occupies the 2nd place on Alphaliner's list of the 21 richest shipping families. Read article This is how Trump's victory will impact shipping and oil Carriers: Container carriers are at risk of taking a big blow if Donald Trump makes good on his threats to close the US further off from the rest of the world. Forwarders will likewise be hit, while oil companies stand to benefit, according to several analysts after the dramatic election results came in. Read article Current front page Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Bulk: Danish Ocean7Projects has lost five MPP and heavy lift vessels after a major bank demanded that the owner, Dutch Abis Shipping, sell them. The Port of Rotterdam is full with laid up vessels. Read article New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Bulk: The emerging dry bulk recovery has so far sidestepped J. Lauritzen, and the carrier is now also preparing for a downturn in the gas sector. "Of course we'd much rater be making money," the carrier's new CEO, Mads P. Zacho, tells ShippingWatch. Read article Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation Bulk: The two executives suspended last week have now been fired by mining company Rio Tinto. This occurred after an internal investigation of a case concerning a mining project in Guinea, after a 2011 incident where millions of dollars were paid out to a consultant with ties to the president at the time. Read article Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 Offshore: Offshore carrier Deep Sea Supply finished the latest quarter with a setback across the board, and the company does not expect any market improvement on the short and medium term. Read article Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 Tanker: Hafnia Tankers suffered a net loss of USD 2.2 million in the third quarter, including one-off items. And rates in the final months of 2016 look similarly weak, notes the carrier. Read article India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries Carriers: Southeast Asia is still the preferred location for scrapping vessels among shipowners. A survey by NGO Shipbreaking Platform shows that most vessels were recycled in India in the third quarter, followed by Bangladesh and Pakistan. Read article RSS  Print Related articles Svitzer's biggest market depends on three gas contracts Svitzer appoints new Managing Director for Australia Svitzer acquires Australian contracts from competitor ADVERTISEMENT Latest Carriers Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale This week's top stories on ShippingWatch India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter See all ADVERTISEMENT Newsletter Receive English newsletter from ShippingWatch Danish newsletter?Terms See allLatest Articles Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale (15:17) This week's top stories on ShippingWatch (15:04) India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries (15:02) New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter (14:37) Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter (12:33) Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 (12:33) Test your ShippingIQ (11:07) Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 (10:24) Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation (09:48) Africa and the Middle East hit Topaz with deficit (09:11) J. Lauritzen lowers full-year guidance for 2016 (09:10) Investors regaining faith in dry bulk (17.11) Daewoo labor union agrees to layoffs under restructuring (17.11) Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits (17.11) Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels (17.11) See selected Vacancies UECC is looking for a professional Key Account Manager to join our Team of Sales Executives in our Sales & Marketing Department 07-11-16 Experienced dry bulk operator, Alpina Chartering 16-11-16 Head of Procurement at UltraShip 04-11-16 North Sea Shipbrokers seeking experienced shipbroker 10-10-16 Senior Service Sales Manager, Aarhus 11-11-16 NPC Projects is looking for a breakbulk operator 15-11-16 Most Read Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Investors regaining faith in dry bulk Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels Test your ShippingIQ MSC and Maersk own most of the unpopular Panamaxes Maersk bonds close to falling in with bad crowd Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration DNB scaling down exposure to shipping and offshore ADVERTISEMENT ShippingWatch uses cookies to remember your settings, statistics and focus advertisements. When you continue to use the website you accept our cookies. Read more News Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Companies People Terms Trades Article archive ShippingWatch UK About us Tip us off Contact us Advertising Subscription Services Danish Version RSS Newsletter Receive English newsletter, afternoon ShippingWatch - St. Regnegade 12, 2nd floor, 1110 Copenhagen K, Denmark - +45 3330 8360 - shippingwatch@shippingwatch.dk - Copyright © JP/Politikens Hus 2012
Job Market/ About ShippingWatch/ Subscription/ Advertising/ RSS/ 18 November 2016 Login Frontpage Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Danish Version Container Tanker Bulk Photo: Dimitri Messinis/AP/POLFOTO EU fears tonnage tax exploitation in several countries Carriers: According to Director of the EU Commission, Henrik Mørch, many EU nations are on the periphery of state aid regulations, because tonnage tax regimes have been expanded to include more than was originally intended, such as offshore, writes Lloyd's List. BY OLE ANDERSEN Published 03.10.16 at 09:50 Log in to read articles Some of our content is exclusively for subscribers. Log in Try ShippingWatch free for 14 days Get 14 days free trial access Create your personal login here Sign up for ShippingWatch newsletter Most read Carriers Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Carriers: Wan Hai – the world's 17th largest container carrier – has been brought to its knees by the dire market for container shipping, according to Lloyd's List, as profits shrunk significantly in the third quarter this year. The carrier has rejected a merger proposal. Read article Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Carriers: Paradoxically, Maersk's own solution to split its business has hit the transport and energy conglomerate, after Standard & Poor's downgraded its credit rating, say several sources. Standard & Poor's is now considering dropping the rating down another notch. Read article Test your ShippingIQ Carriers: Are you up-to-date with the most important events in the international shipping industry in the past week? Have a crack at our new quiz and get the chance to win an Apple Watch. Read article Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration Carriers: US businessman Carl Icahn writes on Twitter that Donald Trump is considering appointing venture capitalist Wilbur Ross to head the Treasury and Commerce departments. Not everyone is happy at the prospect. Read article Here are the world's richest shipping families Carriers: The shipping business has been particularly noted for creating massive family fortunes around the world. The Maersk family occupies the 2nd place on Alphaliner's list of the 21 richest shipping families. Read article This is how Trump's victory will impact shipping and oil Carriers: Container carriers are at risk of taking a big blow if Donald Trump makes good on his threats to close the US further off from the rest of the world. Forwarders will likewise be hit, while oil companies stand to benefit, according to several analysts after the dramatic election results came in. Read article Current front page Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Bulk: Danish Ocean7Projects has lost five MPP and heavy lift vessels after a major bank demanded that the owner, Dutch Abis Shipping, sell them. The Port of Rotterdam is full with laid up vessels. Read article New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Bulk: The emerging dry bulk recovery has so far sidestepped J. Lauritzen, and the carrier is now also preparing for a downturn in the gas sector. "Of course we'd much rater be making money," the carrier's new CEO, Mads P. Zacho, tells ShippingWatch. Read article Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation Bulk: The two executives suspended last week have now been fired by mining company Rio Tinto. This occurred after an internal investigation of a case concerning a mining project in Guinea, after a 2011 incident where millions of dollars were paid out to a consultant with ties to the president at the time. Read article Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 Offshore: Offshore carrier Deep Sea Supply finished the latest quarter with a setback across the board, and the company does not expect any market improvement on the short and medium term. Read article Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 Tanker: Hafnia Tankers suffered a net loss of USD 2.2 million in the third quarter, including one-off items. And rates in the final months of 2016 look similarly weak, notes the carrier. Read article India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries Carriers: Southeast Asia is still the preferred location for scrapping vessels among shipowners. A survey by NGO Shipbreaking Platform shows that most vessels were recycled in India in the third quarter, followed by Bangladesh and Pakistan. Read article RSS  Print Related articles Danish tonnage tax to include mobile rigs from 2016 Greek shipping's tax fears resurface EU challenges taxation for Greek shipping ADVERTISEMENT Latest Carriers Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale This week's top stories on ShippingWatch India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter See all ADVERTISEMENT Newsletter Receive English newsletter from ShippingWatch Danish newsletter?Terms See allLatest Articles Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale (15:17) This week's top stories on ShippingWatch (15:04) India tops list of most popular shipbreaking countries (15:02) New CEO hit by double downturn in his first Lauritzen quarter (14:37) Eimskip upgrades forecast for 2016 after record-quarter (12:33) Deep Sea Supply books million dollars loss in Q3 (12:33) Test your ShippingIQ (11:07) Hafnia Tankers books deficit in Q3 (10:24) Rio Tinto fires executives after internal investigation (09:48) Africa and the Middle East hit Topaz with deficit (09:11) J. Lauritzen lowers full-year guidance for 2016 (09:10) Investors regaining faith in dry bulk (17.11) Daewoo labor union agrees to layoffs under restructuring (17.11) Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits (17.11) Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels (17.11) See selected Vacancies Senior Service Sales Manager, Aarhus 11-11-16 Head of Procurement at UltraShip 04-11-16 Experienced dry bulk operator, Alpina Chartering 16-11-16 North Sea Shipbrokers seeking experienced shipbroker 10-10-16 UECC is looking for a professional Key Account Manager to join our Team of Sales Executives in our Sales & Marketing Department 07-11-16 NPC Projects is looking for a breakbulk operator 15-11-16 Most Read Wan Hai rejects merger proposal after steep decline in profits Investors regaining faith in dry bulk Maersk is burned by its own restructuring plan Multipurpose crisis leads to large-scale MPP vessel sale Major banks sell off multi-purpose vessels Test your ShippingIQ MSC and Maersk own most of the unpopular Panamaxes Maersk bonds close to falling in with bad crowd Wilbur Ross could join Trump's administration DNB scaling down exposure to shipping and offshore ADVERTISEMENT ShippingWatch uses cookies to remember your settings, statistics and focus advertisements. When you continue to use the website you accept our cookies. Read more News Carriers Suppliers Services Offshore Ports Companies People Terms Trades Article archive ShippingWatch UK About us Tip us off Contact us Advertising Subscription Services Danish Version RSS Newsletter Receive English newsletter, afternoon ShippingWatch - St. Regnegade 12, 2nd floor, 1110 Copenhagen K, Denmark - +45 3330 8360 - shippingwatch@shippingwatch.dk - Copyright © JP/Politikens Hus 2012
null


null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller Fatal consequences of miscommunication between pilots and air traffic controllers ANNA PATTY Last updated 13:08, October 3 2016 BOB RIHA JR Miscommunication between pilots and air traffic controllers are cited as a key reason for many aviation accidents. Communication failures have been blamed for more than a thousand deaths in plane crashes, warns an academic who has reviewed the language pilots and air traffic controllers use.   Dominique Estival, a Western Sydney University linguist, pilot and flight instructor has urged native English speakers to adjust their communication in the aviation industry to reduce the risk of misunderstanding by non-English speaking pilots. Estival said she has heard pilots in Australia saying "cleared for the big smoke" when cleared for takeoff, which was potentially dangerous in a situation where they were communicating with a non-English speaker. BOB RIHA JR Language barriers between pilots and air traffic controllers are contributing to deaths, says expert. So-called aviation English was adopted as the international language of pilots and air traffic controllers in 2011. Read more: * Plane makes a hairy landing in a strong crosswind  * Mother sues JetBlue for flying 5-year-old son to wrong city * Worker locked in cargo hold forces plane to divert   JACKY NAEGELEN Miscommunication had contributed to the deaths of more than 2000 people who have been killed in plane crashes since the mid-1970s. But in her new book Aviation English, Estival warns that some terms commonly used have been misunderstood, with fatal consequences. Miscommunication had contributed to the deaths of more than 2000 people who have been killed in plane crashes since the mid-1970s. Given that radio communication is the main means of communication between air traffic controllers and pilots, effective communication "is crucial for aviation safety". ?? Charles Platiau / Reuters Other examples included the incorrect use of the words "inbound" and "outbound", saying "no" instead of "negative" or "yes" instead of "affirm" . "The study of aviation communication sheds light on our understanding of English, and differences between native English speakers and speakers of English as a second language in high risk situations," Dr Estival said. "Effective communication is paramount in ensuring the success of the global aviation industry." Ad Feedback Estival said an investigation of a runway collision between two Boeing 747s in the Canary Islands in 1977 revealed the Dutch-speaking pilot's lack of English proficiency may have contributed to the accident. The accident, involving a Pan Am jumbo and a KLM plane, claimed the lives of 583 people — making it the deadliest accident in aviation history. FRANCOIS LENOIR So-called aviation English was adopted as the international language of pilots and air traffic controllers in 2011. A transcript of cockpit communication leading to the 1990 crash of Avianca flight 52 in New York revealed the pilot did not declare an emergency situation when he reported being low on fuel. The plane crew reported "running out of fuel" instead of signalling an emergency situation with the words "Mayday" or "Pan Pan", another international distress signal. "While in plain English, 'we're running out of fuel'  may sound like a declaration of emergency, in the context of controller-pilot communications, where there is a specific prescribed phraseology for the declaration of an emergency, this statement would not be interpreted as such," Estival said. The statement could, and apparently was, interpreted as a mere concern and not an emergency situation. The plane crashed after running out of fuel. Estival said other examples included the incorrect use of the words "inbound" and "outbound", saying "no" instead of "negative" or "yes" instead of "affirm" and using terms for numbers such as "nina" for nine. "Not knowing the right terminology, phraseology and using the exact words can be deadly important," she said. Plane crashes where poor communication may have contributed to disaster:  - Tenerife Airport Disaster (1977): Dutch-speaking pilot's lack of English proficiency - Avianca Flight 52 (1990): Did not declare an emergency when reporting it was running out of fuel. - Linate Airport Disaster (2001): Poor radio communication - Dan Air Flight 1008 (1980): Pilot appears to have mistaken "inbound" for "outbound" and flew in the wrong direction. - American Airlines Flight 965 (1995): An air traffic controller's lack of English proficiency  - Sydney Morning Herald Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Travel Troubles story: Tourists hid from officials to keep taking photos as Indonesian volcano erupted Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines Capital cruise visit will go ahead Air NZ's new safety video Who ordered the cockroach? Breakfast with the giraffes Been there, done that Great walks and tramps in Fiordland Rolling Stones' exhibition opens Keep calm and carry-on Blast for caravans at airshow Mammoth journey to buy a plane Thailand: Open for business Doing it like the locals do Run the world for fun Councils buy beach park Shiny Dubai from the sky Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore 23 foods you might be saying wrong New video shows just how damaged SH1 is after the Kaikoura quake special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories Judge dismisses misconduct charge for ex-Rep.Todd Courser MOT names new principal conductor as search continues to replace DiChiera Michigan's economy poised to grow, but state on path of underperformance Ford, UAW commit $6 million toward $50 million Motown Museum project GM opens first company store in Renaissance Center HQ Third Wave Music store plans opening celebration in Midtown State appeals order to make Flint water deliveries National health care panel weighs in on possible post-Obamacare world Is razing the CPA Building DOA? Maybe Owner making plans for long-vacant Kmart HQ in Troy Special Report 2016 Eureka Index: 25 most innovative companies × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Flint water crisis 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Detroit 2.0 Food economy Giving Guide Most Connected World Watch Monthly Michigan Deal Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show American Dreamers Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data / Lists Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business, advertising, marketing, media, transportation and film industry Chad Halcom - Law, the defense industry and Macomb and Oakland counties Dustin Walsh - Manufacturing, auto suppliers, economics and business of law Jay Greene - Health care, energy, environment Kirk Pinho - Real estate, city of Detroit Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Sherri Welch - Nonprofits, arts, culture, retail, hospitality, the casinos, staffing and services City Moments Jennette Smith - Economics, media and Detroit biz culture. Daniel Duggan - Economic Indicators Events Crain's Events Sponsored Events Local Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries October 03, 2016 5:52 p.m. Updated Military awards could send $200 million in business to companies with Michigan operations By Chad Halcom Comments Email Print Macomb County General Dynamics Land Systems Defense Contracts Military contractors in Michigan could see $200 million or more of new business over the next five years from awards and production orders through the U.S. Department of Defense in the past several days. Sterling Heights-based General Dynamics Land Systems will receive $92.1 million to furnish 45 system enhancement packages for the Abrams M1A2 battle tank within the next two years under a new contract awarded through Army Contracting Command at the U.S. Army Tacom Life Cycle Management Command in Warren. Meanwhile, sometimes rival AM General LLC, the Indiana vehicle contractor with an engineering and product development center in Livonia, will receive just more than $151 million in new contracts and modifications to previous awards to supply Humvees to two foreign countries and the National Guard and Army Reserves, the contractor announced today. The company will supply 433 Humvees of two different models to Afghanistan, under the federal Foreign Military Sales program, as well as 40 Humvee ambulance units to Ukraine and 237 ambulance Humvees for the Guard and Reserves. The new awards will cover production vehciles, spare parts and vehicle kits and training. A joint venture of Pontiac-based W4 Construction Group LLC will also share in a multiple award design-build contract through the U.S. Air Force Materiel Command, worth up to a possible $150 million, along with Farah Construction Inc. and Rio Vista Management, both of Utah. The joint venture company, W4-DMS-JV, and the other two winning contractors were selected among nine bidders and will compete for various construction and maintenance-repair work orders, all to be managed by the 75th Civil Engineering Group at Hill Air Force Base in Utah, through September 2021. Also, Cadillac-based AAR Manufacturing Inc. won a second option year modification to a previous two-year base contract, worth up to a maximum $43 million, to supply shipping and storage containers. This is a fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment contract. The new award, Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support in Philadelphia, runs through October 2017. Finally, Chicago-based Boeing Co. will source an estimated 42 percent of the work in Grand Rapids under a new $7.7 million contract with the Naval Supply Systems Command Fleet Logistics Center, for technical requirement documents, system specifications, provisioning data and other services that will help establish depot maintenance capabilities for the P-8A Poseidon aircraft at a fleet readiness center in Jacksonville, Fla. Related Links U.S. approval may benefit 2 defense businesses in Sterling Heights Ann Arbor company wins Army contract for spider-silk material Amended bill may open door for upgrade of A-10 aircraft wings Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Flint water crisis 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Detroit 2.0 Food economy Giving Guide Most Connected World Watch Monthly Michigan Deal Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show American Dreamers Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data / Lists Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events Crain's Events Sponsored Events Local Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business Crain's Job Connect About Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Classified advertising 2016 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Advertising Opportunities People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE November 13, 2016 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communications, Inc.
Friday, November 18, 2016 Weather: 37° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Patrol dog hit by car while chasing suspect is recovering Concerns about Trump impact on ag trade, labor Temporary closure set for Highway 20 More Headlines Dry Gulch seasonal trail closure  Frank’s Pond to host Black Friday fishing for kids  Rufus Woods: City seeks nominees for social justice awards  Boy, hit by car, improves at Seattle hospital  This week’s gas prices  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Wenatchee Valley native O'Connell named semifinalist for Outland Trophy Prep girls soccer state tournament preview: Kodiaks ready for final push in title pursuit Eastmont, Wenatchee girls bowling teams cruise to victory once again More Headlines Everybody Out | Skiing up to Round Mountain  WIAA executive board approves RPI committee for seeding  WSU’s Barber granted stay of suspension, back on team  Rawls ready, Michael cut  National semifinal? Cotton Bowl? Rose Bowl? Anything is possible for Huskies  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Wilf Woods | Sharing community successes Common Ground | Success Summit generates powerful local stories Tracy Warner | No Donalds in Canada More Headlines George Will | Democrats and their theater of pointless gestures  Rufus Woods: City seeks nominees for social justice awards  Wilf Woods: ‘Tis the season for giving  Kathleen Parker | Coming to the White House  Safety Valve | Letters from readers  Other Opinion Local Solutions Donald Ray Arbogast Leonard W. Regan Jane Ellen Mathison More Headlines Marly Elizabeth Saunders  Funeral Service Directory  Jim Williamson  Herbert Horton  Carl V. Lewis  Meet Wenatchee's newest theater group: A Q&A with Full Circle Theatre Company Festival of Trees fundraiser returns this weekend Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week More Headlines The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for Nov. 18-24  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  ‘A ski film for the rest of us:” North 40 Productions’ ‘Lifted’ pays homage to Mission Ridge  Check it out: Our art and entertainment picks this week  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies Millennials, we can teach our parents A Life with God | Thanksgiving past, present, future St. Paul&#8217;s offers holiday services More Headlines Contest challenges teens to create interpretive videos  Mysterious Yakima suitcase filled with family artifacts  Seminar includes three teaching sessions  Annual Christmas Concert will be held Dec. 4  Smartphones might mean sleep trouble for kids  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Price is Right Live @ TTC on Dec.4th @ 7pm photos Photo Gallery: Cashmere honors veterans photos Photo Galley: Election night 2016 More Galleries Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Lakeside in playoff soccer Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls beat Moses Lake in soccer Photo Gallery: April Drive House Fire Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Naches Valley in soccer Photo Gallery: Celebrating Día de los Muertos Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Hillary Schwirtlich | Fun with fungi Everyday Business | Famous Footwear to kickoff new store in East Wenatchee Both Knight teams tip-off the 2016-17 basketball season this weekend More Headlines Dave Bartholomew | Actions speak louder than words WHS swimmers 2nd at state for second time in four years Everyday Business | Toolbox to close Winemaker's Journal -- Cairdeas takes best of show at Tri-Cities Wine Fest Greg Asimakoupoulos | Remembering a veteran who modeled gratitude Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Today Hi44° Mostly Cloudy Tonight Lo35° Slight Chance Showers then Rain Likely Saturday Hi43° Rain Likely then Chance Rain Saturday Night Lo35° Chance Rain Sunday Hi45° Chance Rain Sunday Night Lo37° Slight Chance Showers then Mostly Cloudy Monday Hi49° Partly Sunny Monday Night Lo35° Mostly Cloudy Tuesday Hi44° Chance Rain Tuesday Night Lo34° Chance Rain More for you:Northwest Kittitas solar farm gets approval to move forward  U.S. Sen. Murray elected Assistant Democratic Leader  Shooter in 2014 Seattle campus attack found guilty  Neighbor’s tree ruined your fence? You’ll pay  Fire destroys home  Nursing assistant found beaten faces charges  Supreme Court begins Arlene’s Flowers case Tuesday  Injured hunter rescued  Latinos in Yakima say they remain hopeful despite concerns  3 more children hospitalized with rare, polio-like illness  Profs didn’t cancel classes to protest election, WSU says  Inmate dies in Thurston County jail  Hanford takes $23 million step toward safer waste storage  Mount Vernon High School students protest Trump  Irrigation plan in Horse Heaven Hills leaves wheat farmers frustrated  A lesson for teachers: Parents arent the enemy, study says by By Claudia RoweThe Seattle Times Oct. 3, 2016, 9:10 a.m. Send to Kindle SEATTLE — Teacher-training schools have long been punching bags for those unhappy with public education and its results. Some critics complain the programs accept low-skilled teacher candidates. Others point out that teachers-in-training rarely interact with the communities where they will soon work, which often leads to misunderstandings and mistrust when most educators are from the white middle class and their students are, increasingly, low-income kids of color. Ken Zeichner, Boeing Professor of Teacher Education at the University of Washington, agrees… Stay with the story. Get full access to The Wenatchee World online for just pennies a day! For as little as 27 cents a day, you can have complete access to all the local news, photos and video content from North Central Washington's primary news source. Read on any device, whether smartphone, tablet or computer. Your online access is free with any print subscription. Or, subscribe online only by the month or year. Note: If you are already a print subscriber but haven't yet activated your online account, click here to complete the activation process. View my options or Sign in Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2016 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy Look!We've got special online subscription rates for you. Get 24-hour access to wenatcheeworld.com AND the Digital Edition. Just $12 for twelve weeks, introductory price. Offer only good until October 31. SUBSCRIBE NOW Wenatchee World subscribers: Digital access is included with your subscription. Subscriber login
null
