

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's domestic travel boom brings rush of start-up airlines, jet orders By Reuters Published: 19:05 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 19:05 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China's appetite for planes and pilots is building up, whetted by a slew of new airlines launched in the last three years as local governments, private firms and larger carriers fight for a share of the country's fast-growing domestic travel market. More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since Beijing's aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airlines licences in 2013. They now operate or have ordered at least 100 jets made by Europe's Airbus Group, U.S. giant Boeing Co and Embraer SA of Brazil. Such breakneck expansion might give cause for alarm in mature aviation markets. But China's new breed of carrier is focusing on second and third-tier Chinese cities that have gleaming, newly built airports that helped stoke an 8.2 percent rise in domestic China passenger traffic in 2015, according to the International Air Transport Association. While state carriers like Air China , China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines dominate for now, the newcomers have deep-pocketed backers like conglomerate HNA Group, plus support from local authorities as well as Air China itself. "By 2020 we want to have 40-50 planes," said Lan Yu, brand manager at Guangxi Beibu Gulf Airlines, a newcomer set up by the government of southwestern Guangxi province and Tianjin Airlines in 2015. Tianjin Airlines is a unit of HNA, an aviation and shipping giant with more than $100 billion in assets that itself is expanding fast into the hotel trade overseas. Guangxi Beibu will fly 13 Embraer E190 regional jets and three Airbus A320s to 28 Chinese cities by the end of 2016, Lan said. With average seat occupancy of more than 90 percent since flights began, Lan said the carrier was already profitable. Aircraft makers like Boeing welcome the newcomers, provided they are financially sound. "We obviously look a little more closely at new airlines to make sure we account for the risk, but we're not seeing any issues with the ones that have started up in China," said Darren Hulst, Boeing Commercial Airplane's managing director of marketing for Northeast Asia. "We assess the funding that they have, the access to financing that they have, and then from a going-concern perspective, some of these carriers that have started, how are they performing, are they generating profits?" PRICE WAR? As well as the newcomers already up and running, at least another 10 airlines have applied for air operator certificates, according to company statements and local media reports. At the end of last year, China had 48 passenger airlines, up from 36 at the end of 2012, according to data from the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC). Along with racking up aircraft orders, the new airlines are also advertising pay packages up to 50 percent higher than their established rivals as they find it tougher to lure staff, said general manager of Hong Kong-based crew recruitment firm Smile Aviation Sherrie Luo. Hongtu Airlines, based in the southwestern city of Kunming, is offering Airbus A320 pilots monthly salaries of up to $25,500, according to advertisements on Smile Aviation's website. Pilots heading to China Eastern can expect up to $18,500 a month. Some industry experts caution that China's blossoming aviation market runs the risk of a price war, as the CAAC relaxes restrictions to allow airlines to set ticket prices for more routes. "Some of the airlines may lower their pricing drastically to get the competition out of the route so they can maintain market share," said Bjarki Arnason, head of Shanghai-based consultancy AviAsia. "The competition can be pretty fierce in this environment." Still, Arnason said, Beijing will be vigilant to protect its growing industry. "I doubt that the government will actually allow that (a price war) to happen." ($1 = 6.7367 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional reporting by SHANGHAI Newsroom; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet: source Boeing 737-7BD Arik Air aeroplane is seen parked on the tarmac at the local airport in Lagos. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, November 1, 2016 LAGOS - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing <BA.N>, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United <UAL.N> and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates <EMIRA.UL> and Kenya Airways <KQNA.NR> have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria's naira currency has ramped up the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Wed 16 Nov 2016 | 0:36 GMT You are here: Home > Investing > Article Home News Investing Markets Metals & Mining Energy & Oil Agricultural Commodities Quotes Currencies Video AlertNet Humanitarian News About Thomson Reuters Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet -source Mon Oct 31, 2016 7:31pm GMT   Print | Single Page [-] Text [+] By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). [nL8N1CQ69E] Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. [nL8N1CP3CD]   Continued... View article on single page Market Update Africa US Europe Asia Currencies UK £ USD =1.2450 Euro USD =1.0721 Rand USD =0.0706 af.reuters.com:  Help and Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet: source By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha ReutersOctober 31, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A Boeing 737-7BD Arik Air aeroplane is seen parked on the tarmac at the local airport in Lagos November 2, 2012. REUTERS/Akintunde AkinleyeMore By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing , a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria's naira currency has ramped up the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Susan Fenton) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Boko Haram warns Donald Trump: 'War is just beginning' International Business Times UK Nigerian Shiites claim child shot dead in clashes with police AFP Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers $5 billion order Reuters New MSF survey: Thousands of kids dying in northeast Nigeria Associated Press Another boost for biofuel: Waste wood helps power Alaska Airlines commercial jet GeekWire Ivanka Trump Wore a $10K Bracelet From Her Own Label on 60 Minutes — and Social Media Is Erupting Yahoo Style High Times in the Mile-High City Yahoo News Video The Latest: Mayor resignation for racist post reply accepted Associated Press Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com 5 students stabbed at Utah high school Yahoo News Video Harry Reid blasts Trump, Bannon from Senate floor Yahoo News Carrie Fisher Reveals She Had an Affair With Harrison Ford on ‘Star Wars’: ‘It Was So Intense’ People Republican Ben Carson opts against job in Trump Cabinet Reuters Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Reuters Barbara Boxer Launching Senate Bill To Abolish Electoral College Tom: Good luck with that, Electoral was put there for a reason. You could win three states and win election. It prevents just working the most populated states and completely leaving out the smaller states. The election was very fair. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 464 Sen. Harry Reid calls Stephen Bannon a ‘champion of white supremacy’ Yahoo News Video Halle Berry Celebrates Being 50 By Modeling Her Lingerie Line People Pickups of the Week: C.J. Prosise joins the party Roto Arcade 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained Associated Press Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff How Donald Trump blew up the bond market and changed everyone's view on interest rates CNBC Reid responds to Trump’s choice of chief White House strategist Yahoo News Video Democratic Sen. Boxer plans bill to scrap Electoral College Yahoo News DWTS’ Val Chmerkovskiy Reveals He Kept Laurie Hernandez’s Grandmother’s Death a Secret from Her for Two Days People Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff How soaring bond yields are going to affect everyone: NYSE trader Yahoo Finance Video Ben Carson reportedly decides against job in Trump Cabinet Yahoo News Video 11 surprising jobs where you can earn more than $100,000 a year CNBC It looks like Trump may pay the price for alienating dozens of national security elites Business Insider Pilot goes on epic rant after political fight breaks out on airplane Mashable Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet -source By Reuters Published: 14:29 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 14:29 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha LAGOS, Oct 31 (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa's biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier's 10 years of operations. "We plan to ... put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air's home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa's top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria's capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria's naira currency has ramped up the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The future of air travel (and not a runway in sight) Boeing reveals 100 passenger plane that takes off like a helicopter then transforms into a traditional aircraft Boeing's patent shows a craft that rotates its rotors for different functions Each can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing Or the rotors can be positioned like propellers during flight  It will be a commercial plane, a personal craft or used by the military By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 14:28 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 15:15 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail 75 shares 48 View comments Boeing has revealed the first plans for a radical passenger version of the vertical takeoff and landing craft currently used by the military.  The firm's latest patent illustrates a craft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing or like propellers for flying. However, unlike the smaller military version, Boeing's latest idea can also carry 100 passengers as a commercial plane.   Scroll down for video  Boeing's patent illustrates a craft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing or like propellers for flying. It would be used as a commercial plane, as a personal aircraft or reconfigured for military purposes WHAT THE PATENT SAYS Boeing's latest patent shows an aircraft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing or propellers for flying. The patent reveals that the firm plans to use four engines to power the tilt-rotors, which are all placed on the wing.  Boeing’s design also moves the engines away from the rotor nacelles towards the middle of the wings, instead of fixing them at the tip. This allows the rotors to each be powered by two or more engines through a single gearbox. This innovation could be used as a regional commercial plane carrying 100 passengers, a personal aircraft or be designed for military purposes. The patent was filed in June 2015 and has finally be awarded two years later. DailyMail.com has contacted Boeing about plans to begin production and has yet to hear a response. Called ‘Tilt-rotor vertical-lift aircraft’, this document describes ‘an aircraft that includes a fuselage with a higher portion and a lower portion,’ the patent reads. ‘The aircraft also includes two fixed wings that are coupled to and extend from opposing sides of the lower portion of the fuselage.’ ‘Additionally, the aircraft includes a tilt-rotor assembly that is coupled to each of the two fixed wings.’ The idea of Vertical Take-off and Landing (VTOL) aircraft have been around for thousands of years – sketches were found in Leonardo da Vinci’s book that exhibit this type of technology. However, both Boeing and the military are not newcomers to using this type of technology. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Army vehicles could have laser weapons to shoot down enemy... Vine co-founders launch their next app after admitting they... Spinach really IS a super food! Modified leaves are... 'Macho makes you sick': Flabby, older fathers are healthier,... Share this article Share 75 shares Boeing and the US military worked on the Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey (pictured(, which is a tilt-rotor military aircraft with both VTOL, and short takeoff and landing (STOL) capabilities.The final product hit the sky in 1989, but it wasn’t fully introduced until 2007 The team worked on the Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey, which is a tilt-rotor military aircraft with both VTOL, and short takeoff and landing (STOL) capabilities. It was the failure of the Iran hostage rescue mission in 1980 that created the need for a new type of aircraft, which could not only take off and land vertically but also could carry combat troops and do so at speed. Boeing's patent illustrates a craft with two tilt-rotors on each wing that can be positioned like helicopter blades for takeoff and landing (pictured). It would be used as a commercial plane, as a personal aircraft or reconfigured for military purposes Boeing may be designing a new aircraft that operates like two different types of aerial vehicles. The craft would position its rotors in different positions depending on the circumstance. For example, the rotors will turn into propellers (pictured) during flight  And the final product hit the sky in 1989, but it wasn’t fully introduced until 2007. However, the V-22 has a high-wing configuration that requires more support, maintenance and makes fueling difficult. The patent reveals that the Boeing plans to use four engines in order to power the tilt-rotors, which are all placed on the wing and not integrated into the rotors like the V-22. Boeing’s design also moves the engines away from the rotor nacelles, where they are positioned on the tip, and  towards the middle of the wings. This allows the rotors to each be powered by two or more engines through a single gearbox, reports New Atlas. ‘The mid-wing gearbox is positioned within the fuselage between the wings,’ reads that patent. The patent reveals that the Boeing plans to use four engines (figures 140)  in order to power the tilt-rotors. Having one gearbox power multiple rotors lets them be much more compact and if one is to fail, the others are able to pick up the slack ‘Generally, the mid-wing gearbox includes gears and/or other components that regulate and evenly distribute mechanical rotational energy between the opposing section of the power transmission system’. Having one gearbox power multiple rotors lets them be much more compact and if one is to fail, the others are able to pick up the slack.    Read more: Boeing lands patent for VTOL passenger plane Share or comment on this article e-mail 75 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Studio City The 29-year-old was spotted looking tanned  Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Also rocked a fluffy, off-the-shoulder sweater  Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Pink Pony club Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion Making a tidy profit too 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit as they attend Fantastic Beasts premiere  Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the pieces in the collection Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Lavish affair Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Don't book 'em! Gossip Girl actress Tika Sumpter outraged after her mom is arrested for $10 LIBRARY FINE - even though she already returned the book Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  158 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Leasing > Boeing, lessor Intrepid delivers first 777-300ER to PAL Boeing, lessor Intrepid delivers first 777-300ER to PAL Oct 31, 2016 Kurt Hofmann EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Philippine Airlines 777-300ER Boeing Related Media Gallery: Onboard EVA Air's Boeing 777-300ER Advertisement Boeing has delivered Intrepid Aviation’s first direct ordered Boeing 777-300ER, which will be leased and operated by Philippine Airlines (PAL). This aircraft is the first of four 777-300ERs ordered by the Stamford, Connecticut-based lessor. “This 777 delivery to Philippine Airlines underlines Intrepid’s continuous focus on investment into new aircraft on long-term leases with well established, strong airlines worldwide,” Intrepid CEO Olaf Sachau said.  PAL plans to use the new aircraft primarily on routes to North America. The carrier is scheduled to take a second 777-300ER from Intrepid before the end of the year. “The 777 has become our standard for passenger comfort, deployed on our long-haul routes,” PAL president and COO Jaime Bautista said. “It is the pivotal equipment that will propel us to our corporate vision of becoming a five-star airline.” Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Lessor Intrepid Aviation cancels two Boeing 777-300ERs, buys two 747-8Fs   Air Lease Corp. takes delivery of first Boeing 777-300ER   EVA Air takes delivery of first 777-300ER with new livery   BOC Aviation orders eight Boeing 777-300ERs for lease to Thai Airways   TAM orders four 777-300ERs, doubles third-quarter profit   Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Technology Stories» Pokemon Go Could Revolutionize Disaster Relief Smartphone Residue Says a Lot About You—Really, a Lot Apple's Book: A $300 'Gentle Gathering' of Product Photos Bookstore to Customers: Put Your Phone Away Google, Facebook Crack Down on Fake News Samsung Just Dropped $8B to Take You for a Drive Pence Goes to Court to Protect Emails Hack Exposes 412M Accounts at Adult Sites Your Milk May Soon Come From Cows That Can Text Secrets of Mysterious Silicon Valley Company Revealed Facebook to Users: Sorry About Glitch That Killed You Zuckerberg: Fake News on Facebook Didn't Impact Election Technology / Boeing Go to Grid|Next Story Boeing May Dramatically Change the Way We Fly Patent calls for passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Oct 29, 2016 1:46 PM CDT 29 comments Comments Boeing secured a patent this week for a commercial passenger plane with tilt-rotors that would allow for vertical takeoff and landing.   (US Patent and Trademark Office)Boeing secured a patent this week for a commercial passenger plane with tilt-rotors that would allow for vertical takeoff and landing.   (US Patent and Trademark Office) (Newser) – If a patent secured by Boeing this week is any indication, the company is eyeing a major change in the way travelers fly. The Seattle Times reports the patent details a passenger plane that takes off and lands vertically like a helicopter via tilting rotors. The rotors—horizontal for takeoff and landing—rotate to become propellers during flight. Boeing was one of two developers behind the military's similar V-22 Osprey, which went into service in 2007. However, the Osprey can only carry up to 24 soldiers. And a prototype for a commercial plane that takes off and lands vertically from Bell—the other developer of the Osprey—can only carry nine passengers, according to Business Insider. Boeing's patent calls for a plane that carries 100 passengers. There are other major differences between the Osprey and the plane shown in Boeing's patent. Boeing's plane would have four engines housed in its wings instead of two engines housed in the tilt-rotors themselves. This means less structural reinforcement is necessary. The wings are also positioned lower than the Osprey's, closer to a traditional commercial plane's, in order to make maintenance and fueling easier. A passenger plane that takes off and lands like a helicopter could allow for more regional commercial flights to leave from small airfields, New Atlas reports. But it's unclear if Boeing actually plans to build the new plane. "Boeing files tons of patents, so this might not even come to fruition," a Boeing spokesperson tells Business Insider. "I'm not saying it won't." (The design could have saved Mike Pence a scare last week.) Report a story error My Take on This Story Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 56% Intriguing 1% Depressing 23% Brilliant 6% Scary 10% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 29 comments Next on Newser: The Bubbles in Seltzer Water Are Tricking You Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 29 comments LoLzS Oct 31, 2016 11:42 AM CDT No, is this not boeings own military design that the government has allowed them now to use for public & commercial design... Oh, wait was that a secret? Eastwind 7 Oct 30, 2016 4:30 AM CDT Boeing could call it the Bad Dream Liner. GodSAveAmerica Oct 29, 2016 11:02 PM CDT That's gonna be fun; looking out the window with the props whizzing by inches away and the day will come when they come loose and we have puree passengers. View all 29 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Our Pennies Have Ruined Ben Franklin's Grave 1 Clinton Wins New Hampshire 2 UVa Staff, Students to President: Stop Quoting Jefferson 3 Steve Bannon Is 'Terrifying Man' Who 'Wants to Burn It All Down': Glenn Beck 4 It's Shake-Up No. 2 for the Trump Transition Team 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Mike Pence Donates Thousands to Planned Parenthood (But He Didn’t) Chicago ‘Always Will Be A Sanctuary City’ for Undocumented Immigrants, Says Mayor Alec Baldwin Is Done Playing Trump On SNL Before the C-Section, There Was This Barbaric Practice Britney Spears Won That Mannequin Challenge Thing The Rise of DIY Prostitution in Italy The Secret Dark Side of Facebook You Might Not Know About Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Airlines Announce Lower Fares, New Features Nassau County Cops Honored For Taking Down Murder Suspect After Brooklyn Chase Federal Recommendations For Heart Disease Prevention Could Cause Spike In... Go to CBS Local Is Donald Trump Israel's New BFF? Reveling in the Banter of Three Middle-Aged British Dudes These Might Be the Strangest Ice Cream Flavors Ever Go to Ozy Rand Paul: Will Donald Trump betray voters by hiring John Bolton? We’ve lost this Grand Ole Opry star far too young Watch this guy completely humiliate a reporter who claims PTSD after firing an... Go to Rare 9 Cool Tech Gifts That Won't Cost an Arm and a Leg The Ashley Graham Barbie Has Thighs That Touch (Like Most of Us) 3 Times You Need to Speak Up for Yourself Go to Greatist Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2016 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site

Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Liquid Robotics and Boeing Demonstrated Groundbreaking Autonomous Maritime Warfare Capabilities at the British Royal Navy's Unmanned Warrior Demonstration / Unmanned Surface Vehicles autonomously detected and tracked a live submarine BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 31.10.2016 | 10:01 (24 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Liquid Robotics and Boeing Demonstrated Groundbreaking Autonomous Maritime Warfare Capabilities at the British Royal Navy's Unmanned Warrior Demonstration / Unmanned Surface Vehicles autonomously detected and tracked a live submarine SUNNYVALE, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/31/16 -- Liquid Robotics®, the leader in long-duration, unmanned surface vehicles (USVs), and Boeing® have for the first time used a network of persistent USVs to detect, report and track a live submarine in a naval demonstration. Four Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft (SHARCs®) were deployed off the coast of Northern Scotland during the British Royal Navy's Unmanned Warrior 2016 demonstration. The autonomous surface vehicles used advanced Boeing acoustic sensors in the live anti-submarine warfare (ASW) mission. Over the two-week demonstration, the SHARCs successfully detected and tracked an advancing unmanned underwater vehicle and most significantly -- a manned diesel submarine. The SHARCs provided detailed and actionable intelligence to commanders through more than 100 automated contact reports, proving the USVs efficacy to autonomously conduct ASW missions and exchange data in real time. "The Boeing and Liquid Robotics team are redefining the state of the art for autonomous maritime warfare," said Kory Mathews, Vice President, Autonomous Systems for Boeing Defense, Space & Security. "Our work during Unmanned Warrior demonstrates without a doubt the practicality of using autonomous systems to provide real-time actionable intelligence to our warfighters." In addition to the ASW mission, two SHARCs equipped with meteorological and oceanographic sensors were deployed to the North Atlantic to gather data that ultimately contributed to sensor prediction models for Unmanned Warrior and Joint Warrior, a major bi-annual collective training exercise also hosted by the Royal Navy. The SHARCs operated 24/7 in harsh conditions unfavorable for manned operations -- waves in excess of 6.6 meters and winds of more than 60 knots -- to autonomously provide real-time data on the weather and ocean conditions critical to the safe operation of the Unmanned Warrior systems. "Together, Liquid Robotics and Boeing achieved a groundbreaking milestone in unmanned maritime warfare," said Gary Gysin, President & Chief Executive Officer, Liquid Robotics. "We proved that SHARCs can augment the tedious and dangerous task of continuous maritime surveillance by our warfighters and provide critical real-time intelligence to commanders." About Liquid Robotics: Liquid Robotics designs and manufactures the SHARC (Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft) Wave Glider platform. The Wave Glider and SHARC are wave and solar-powered unmanned surface vehicles. With our partners we address many of the planet's greatest challenges, by transforming how to assess, monitor, and protect the ocean. We solve critical problems for defense, commercial, and science customers. Visit http://www.liquid-robotics.com to learn more. Liquid Robotics, SHARC, and Wave Glider are registered trademarks of Liquid Robotics, Inc. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3073824 For media questions, please contact: Joanne Masters Email Contact © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 137,57 -0,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Travel & Tourism Article travel Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands in Riyadh 31 October, 2016 31 October 2016 ETIHAD Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched Sunday with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways Senior Vice President Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi ,Terminal Operation Manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Advertisement Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on Nov. 1. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia. The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and Wi-Fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few. “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as AED2,350 per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until Nov. 30, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice. Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective Nov. 1, 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from Dec. 1, 2016. © The Saudi Gazette 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home Industry Companies COMAC, Chinese planemaker, chases Xi Jinping’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing COMAC, Chinese planemaker, chases Xi Jinping’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. By: Bloomberg | Published: October 31, 2016 10:51 AM The Zhuhai Air Show will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. (Reuters) China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program — the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 — COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Good Case “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft — hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear, according to COMAC, which estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan ($96 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. ARJ Playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about $2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travelers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at $1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Rs 500 & Rs 1,000 notes to be accepted for land registration till Nov 23, says Akhilesh Yadav Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Centre in wonderland, not understanding Indian reality: Sitaram Yechury Steve Bannon role in Donald Trump administration sets off critical firestorm Devendra Fadnavis, Arjun Ram Meghwal review progress in NSEL scam probe Uganda nabs suspect in $ 120 mn fake arms deal Demonetisation: Centre failed to address hardship of public, says Kerala FM With signs of Donald Trump backing, Paul Ryan set to be speaker again Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Pakistan can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Nawaz Sharif Firing by hindu Mahasabha leader Sadhvi Deva Thakur and her security guards kills 1 and injures 3  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
About us Membership Contact us Wed November 16, 2016 Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Iran’s deals with Airbus, Boeing to be finalized soon: official Economy October 31, 2016 TEHRAN- Iranian Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan announced that the deal with the world leading aircraft manufacturers Airbus and Boeing will be finalized soon, Mehr news agency reported on Sunday. The official also anticipated that a number of the 111 aircrafts ordered to Airbus and 108 ones ordered to Boeing will be delivered to Iran by the end of the current Iranian calendar year (March 20, 2017). Following the implementation of the last year’s nuclear accord, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), between Iran and six world powers, Airbus and Boeing received permission from the U.S. government to sell aircraft to Iran. European airplane manufacturer Airbus announced the license from the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control on September 21, followed by Boeing’s announcement later in the day. Iran has announced its need for about 400 passenger planes in the next decade to modernize its ageing fleet. Iranian airlines are not interested in buying any more Russian planes. Their performance was unsatisfactory when flown in the country's aviation market during the sanctions period. Iran hopes to improve the relations with the world in the wake of the nuclear deal to renovate its fleet with western aircraft. MA/MG   Related News Iran’s aviation industry set to take off Boeing offers Iran 3 models of aircraft Airbus deal to be finalized in few days: Iranian transport min. Iran’s deal with Airbus to be finalized in May-June Tags Airbus aircrafts Boeing Iranian Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan Leave a Comment Name Email Your Message * Please enter the correct answer 6 + 5 = All Pages Latest 12699 Rouhani says Tehran welcomes defense ties with China Obama: Undoing nuclear deal will put U.S. against Europe, Russia, and China Unnerved by a parched Iran, nuclear negotiator calls for hydro-politics  Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran 76 experts urge Donald Trump to keep Iran deal Polluting air amounts to stewardship in murder: lawyer Top About us Membership Contact us Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Copyright 2016. Tehran Times Daily Newspaper All rights reserved. Developed by: Nastooh Designed by: Pixel Studio
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure STEVE GORMAN AND FRANK MCGURTY Last updated 09:58, October 31 2016 Passengers slide from plane as smoke and flames burn American Airlines engine An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. REUTERS Passengers were evacuated from the plane via emergency chute at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. Read more: * American Airlines jet bursts into flames at Chicago's O'Hare Airport * The moment American Airlines plane burst into flames caught on recording   JIM YOUNG Soot covers the fuselage of an American Airlines jet that blew a tire, sparking a fire and prompting the pilot to abort takeoff. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. JOSHUA ROBERTS Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. Ad Feedback NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. Jim Young / Reuters An American Airlines was diverted to Denver International Airport on Sunday. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 915 meters south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records.  MECHANICAL ISSUE DIVERTS PLANE More than 100 people on an American Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Toronto are safe after the plane was diverted to Denver International Airport on Sunday. Airport spokeswoman Daria Serna says the plane landed in Denver after the crew reported a mechanical issue. Airline spokesman Kent Powell says the Airbus 319 was diverted to Denver because of an odor onboard. He says maintenance crews are investigating the cause. Flight 569 landed safely and people were able to get off the plane at the terminal. Powell says the airline is working to get passengers to their destinations.  - Reuters Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Travel Troubles story: British Airways pilot suspended for alleged cockpit sex act Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines No carry-on bags allowed Blogger forgives eerie copycat Passengers sue over plane fire Pilot shuts down Trump fight NZ's 'shaky isles' still on tourist map 5 fun trips for Christmas fans 'Most of our ghosts are friendly' London's best new restaurants Only superjumbos, 777s for Emirates Plane damaged in Brisbane storm Tourists told NZ is safe Petra is rose-red and awe inspiring Italy and Spain in one trip How not to be an ugly American Passenger threat on Air NZ flight Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Weta 'IT geek' captures Wellington tsunami surge after earthquake rocks New Zealand Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved A warning to expect the worst Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Wellington: What you need to know - Wednesday Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Don Henley announces New Zealand tour with singer Jewel Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Famous seal breeding ground destroyed by quake Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions

Sunday, October 30, 2016  |  Muharram 29, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Strata's Al Ain facility would be hiring an additional 350 people to deliver the new contracts. Courtesy Mubadala Women operators work in the final assembly area at STRATA, a composite aerostructures manufacturing plant in Al Ain in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi May 14, 2012. Flanked by dunes on an ancient Frankincense route from Yemen to Mesopotamia, the factory is designed to help make lightweight carbon jets that will open up the trade lanes of the future.Strata has 500 employees, about 30 percent of whom are UAE nationals, mainly women. It aims to lift this figure to 50 percent by 2014. But it may also double its total workforce over time, suggesting local recruitment must go at a faster rate. Picture taken May 14, 2012. Jumana El Heloueh / Reuters Strata to ramp up jobs, production after air show order wins Anthony McAuley October 30, 2016 Updated: October 30, 2016 07:56 PM Related Honda plans to increase business jet production Strata starts delivering on new Airbus product lines Abu Dhabi takes flight in next phase for aviation Abu Dhabi’s Strata extends Boeing deal with parts for 787 Abu Dhabi’s Strata signs contracts worth $1bn with Airbus at Farnborough Airshow Topics: Airbus Mubadala Strata Manufacturing aerospace parts maker, based in Al Ain, is planning to ramp up hiring for new production lines after winning several contracts in the summer, according to the company’s deputy chief executive. Strata, a key strategic holding within Mubadala Development Corporation’s aerospace and defence portfolio – which includes Avanti turboprop aircraft maker Piaggio Aerospace, as well as the Emirates Defence Industries group of firms – has ambitions to establish itself as one of the world’s leading composite aerospace parts manufacturers. "We want to be one of the top key suppliers in the world," said the deputy chief executive Ismail Abdulla. "Our first six years were about building the reputation of the company by delivering quality products on time, but we haven’t reached cruising altitude yet," he added. Strata said yesterday that it made its first deliveries on parts for the Airbus A330neo, as well as a Saab subcontract for A350–1000 wing parts. In July at the Farnborough show, Strata won contracts with a combined value of US$1 billion to make inboard flaps for Airbus A350-900 wings, and the horizontal tail plane for the Airbus A320, which will run initially through 2032. The company also won a multiyear contract to make vertical fins for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner family of aircraft worth "hundreds of millions", said Mr Abdulla, who added that the Al Ain facility would be hiring an additional 350 people to deliver the new contracts, bringing total employment there to just above 1,000. The company started production in 2010, leveraging the UAE’s fast-growing airlines and their aircraft purchasing power, with product lines including wing and fin parts for the Airbus 330, 340 and 380, as well as Boeing’s 777 and 787, and some "tier one" original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) such as Saab and Alenia Aermacchi. Revenue rose from Dh60 million in its first year to above Dh400m last year. For the first half of this year, revenue is at Dh192m, up from Dh144m for last year’s first six months, and Strata executives say the company expects to break even next year on revenue of more than Dh500m, with a revenue target of Dh1bn by 2020. "We have studied the market and what we have noted talking to some of the big OEMs is that they want a handful of key suppliers around them," said Mr Abdulla. "We will be doing that internally here and also by looking at opportunities to expand in other countries around the world." Last year, the chief executive Badr Al Olama said Strata was studying expansion in North Africa as its first step internationally. "North Africa seems to be a viable market. It opens up a gateway into southern Europe and into more the western side of the world," he said at the time, and Strata confirmed yesterday that option is still being studied. Strata expects that the downturns on some product lines will be balanced by growing volume in others, said Mr Abdulla, addressing comments last week by the Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg warning that 777 production could be cut from about 100 a year to as low as 42 a year from next year. "We don’t see any major contracts running off," Mr Abdullah said. "When a programme runs down there is usually a programme that ramps up – the 777 goes down, the 777X go up. There has been a drop communicated on the A380, but we believe there will be a compensation with other contracts", such as the A350. Strata forms the keystone of Mubadala’s Nibras Al Ain Aerospace Park, a five-square-kilometre aerospace free zone which Mr Abdulla says has ambitions to become an industry cluster along the lines of Seattle and Toulouse, homes to Boeing and Airbus, respectively. Strata was the first greenfield project at Nibras, which Mr Abdulla ran until he took his current role earlier this year. Nibras has leased 60 per cent of its space, with tenants including Etihad Flight College, Horizon International Training Academy, The Advanced Military Maintenance Repair and Overhaul Centre and Abu Dhabi Autonomous Systems Investments Company. "Strata itself has already taken around 1.7 million square feet to cater for the growth that we are planning for," says Mr Abdulla. amcauley@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Honda plans to increase business jet production Strata starts delivering on new Airbus product lines Abu Dhabi takes flight in next phase for aviation Abu Dhabi’s Strata extends Boeing deal with parts for 787 More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device Review: Joyable app helps ease social anxiety at work A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first More Most Viewed Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae


THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Etihad airways engineering receives casa approval 30 October, 2016 An Etihad Airways Engineering engineer carries out a maintenance check on an aircraft 30 October 2016 The Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) of Australia has granted Etihad Airways Engineering a CASR Part 145 Maintenance Organisation Approval. This recognition Etihad Airways Engineering is able to provide base maintenance services on the latest Airbus and Boeing aircraft – the Airbus A380 and the Boeing 787 – as well as on the Boeing 777 and the Airbus A330 and A320 families of aircraft. Jeff Wilkinson, Chief Executive of Etihad Airways Engineering, said: “We have been expanding our global customer base in line with our growing capabilities, particularly on new platforms like the A380 and the Boeing 787. “We are proud to have achieved compliance with CASA’s stringent regulatory standards and look forward to bring our industry leading aircraft maintenance and engineering solutions to aircraft operators in Australia.” Etihad Airways Engineering is the largest commercial aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services provider in the Middle East and has served more than 100 airlines and aviation operators from around the world. The company was recently named MRO Service Provider of the Year - Middle East at the Aviation Business Awards 2016. Advertisement -Ends-  About Etihad Airways Engineering Etihad Airways Engineering is the largest commercial aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) services provider in the Middle East. As part of the Etihad Aviation Group, the company offers line, light and heavy maintenance services around the clock, including design, advanced composite repair, cabin refurbishment and component services, from its state-of-the-art facility adjacent to Abu Dhabi International Airport. About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising four business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, 117 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of 122Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com For further information: Susan Omar, Etihad Airways Engineering Work: + 9712 1505 7238 / SOMAR@etihad.ae © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Sunday, October 30, 2016  |  Muharram 29, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A UPS Boeing 747-8 Freighter. The courier has ordered 14 more of the famous jumbo jet. Courtesy UPS Multi-plane Boeing 747 order from UPS may be jumbo jet’s last hurrah October 30, 2016 Updated: October 30, 2016 01:45 PM Related Pilots at biggest US budget carrier fly off with 29 per cent pay rise Emirates’ Boeing 777X passengers will find flying an entertaining experience Boeing 777X set to become world’s first flying iPad Boeing’s 747 jumbo jet creator, Joe Sutter dies Boeing freezes jet prices for first time in seven years as sales slow Topics: Boeing The Boeing 747 revolutionised air travel and ushered in the era of jumbo jets back in the 1970s, but these days it is often used to carry packages, not people, and its future is uncertain. The hump-backed behemoth has got a boost, however, after UPS announced it has ordered 14 Boeing 747-8 cargo freighters and took an option for another 14. It is the biggest order for the jumbo jet since Lufthansa ordered 20 back in December 2006. Neither Boeing nor UPS disclosed terms of the sale. At list price, 14 747 freighters would cost US$5.3 billion, although big customers routinely get discounts on planes. Boeing has delivered more than 1,500 747s since the first one went to Pan Am in 1970 but the number of 747s rolling off the assembly line has slowed to a crawl in recent years. It is not just the 747; orders for a much newer four-engine superjumbo plane, the Airbus A380, have also stalled. As the remaining 747s get older, airlines are retiring more of them. United Airlines recently announced that it would mothball its fleet of 747s by the end of 2018. Before the UPS announcement, Boeing had received only four new orders for the 747 this year – and one cancellation. The 747 accounted for less than 2 per cent of commercial planes that Boeing has delivered since the start of 2015. As of September 30, there were only 15 unfilled 747 orders out of a total Boeing backlog of 5,600 planes, mostly 737s. For UPS, the planes will help it to haul a growing load of air freight around the globe. UPS expects to take delivery of the first two in late 2017 and put them on international routes. Painting the firm’s new order of world’s longest aircraft will be no mean feat. Aside from the cost, which can be anything from US$100,000 to $200,000 per plane, the weight of the dried paint alone on a 747 is a about 250kg, according to Boeing’s airframe design division. UPS said it will shift older 747 models to shorter US routes, where their poor fuel mileage will be less of a factor. Boeing said the 747-8 has 16 per cent more room for cargo than the 747-400 freighter and creates 30 per cent less noise around airports. It is the fourth generation of the venerable plane. Even if the 747 is nearing the end of the line, it has had a remarkable history. Its distinctive shape made the double-decker among the most famous planes ever. It has carried millions of passengers around the globe and its size and financial benefits helped to make international air travel possible for the masses. * AP business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Pilots at biggest US budget carrier fly off with 29 per cent pay rise Emirates’ Boeing 777X passengers will find flying an entertaining experience Boeing 777X set to become world’s first flying iPad Boeing’s 747 jumbo jet creator, Joe Sutter dies More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device Review: Joyable app helps ease social anxiety at work A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first More Most Viewed Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home The Sunday Standard SpiceJet flies to trigger aircraft acquisition war By Sanjay Singh  |   Published: 30th October 2016 08:31 AM  |   Last Updated: 30th October 2016 01:07 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email SpiceJet NEW DELHI: India’s fourth-largest domestic carrier, SpiceJet is set to trigger a war in the sky as it finalises a Rs 72,000 crore deal for 100 narrow-bodied aircraft with French manufacturer Airbus. The deal will make SpiceJet the first Indian domestic private carrier to have Airbus and Boeing in its fleet. “Right now, we are very focussed on procuring new planes,” SpiceJet CEO Ajay Singh said. Airbus and US-based aircarft aircraft manufacturer Boeing are locked in a battle to supply narrow-bodied planes to SpiceJet and are wooing and offering the airline with aggressive offers. A government official said SpiceJet had ordered 40 fuel-efficient Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in 2014, which it would be delivered in 2018. “Ordering 100 fuel efficient Boeing 737 MAXs could take time, and it could hamper SpiceJet’s growth plan in India,” said a senior industry official. While Airbus dominates the domestic short-haul market, which uses narrow-bodied planes, Boeing has dominated the long-haul market in India with wide-bodied passenger aircraft. Airbus commands a two-third market share of aircraft in India. There are 460 narrow- and wide-bodied passenger planes with Indian carriers, and 194 more have been ordered since 2014 (see box). SpiceJet has a fleet size of 40 aircraft, of which 22 are narrow-bodied Boeing 737-800 and of Bombardiers and turboprops, besides 40 Boeing 737-MAX on order. Indian carriers have largely remained with either Airbus or Boeing for narrow- and wide-bodied aircraft, with state-owned Air India as an only exception to have aircraft manufactured by both manufacturers. Airlines benefit by having a fleet of single manufacturer as they have to engage fewer pilots and engineers. Boeing, Airbus or any other aircraft require a different team, which increases an airline’s operational costs. Some of the newer Indian airlines—such as IndiGo—have chosen to buy a single type from a single manufacturer. IndiGo, with a fleet size of 119 aircraft, has all narrow-bodied Airbus, while Jet Airways has largely Boeing, with a few Airbus as well. GoAir has only Airbus planes. In 2015, IndiGo ordered 250 Airbus A320neo planes, Jet Airways ordered 75 Boeing 737 Max planes and Vistara ordered seven Airbus 320neo planes. In 2014, SpiceJet ordered 40 Boeing 737 MAX planes and Air Costa ordered 50 Embraer E-2 jets. In July 2016, GoAir ordered 72 Airbus A320neo. IndiGo, Jet Airways, Air India, Air Asia and other airlines also have deliveries lined up for orders placed between 2011 and 2013, which are adding to their fleet in phases and will be delivered by 2020. O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest Godwoman's shooting spree at wedding function leaves one dead Businessman killed, vehicle set ablaze by Naxals in Jharkhand German lawmaker: Merkel will run again for chancellor Will rehabilitate Zakir Naik's IRF students: Tawde Missing JNU student: AAP MLA demands lie detector test on VC Gallery Check out the Rs 550 crore extravagant Reddy wedding in Bengaluru Effects of Pakistan's shelling among Jammu families arrow Videos Fight to retake Mosul enters fifth week Government eases withdrawal limit for demonetisation arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Thu, 27 October 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow by Annual Rate of 4.2% Boeing has forecast that air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2% over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035. "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth," said Randy Tinseth, vice president, Marketing, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term." Boeing projects the e-commerce market will be one of the primary factors driving that growth, reaching $3.6 trillion by 2020. Additionally, China's express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55% in volume and 39% in revenue. The forecast shows markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth.  Dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing forecasts that the world air cargo fleet will expand by 70% by 2035, adding a total of 2,370 freighters to the market.  The forecast sees demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. Boeing products make up more than 90% of the world's dedicated freighter capacity. Boeing offers integrated solution for freighter operators, whether they carry express cargo or industrial goods. "Air cargo is critical to global trade, and Boeing offers the most comprehensive product lineup in the industry," Tinseth added. "Our airplanes provide capacity and reliability advantages that will help our customers adapt and succeed in the evolving air cargo marketplace."  See other recent news regarding: Boeing, Traffic, Cargo, Freight Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Show More Travel News Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare, risky failure Chicago plane fire Credit: Mitchell/Twitter Reuters 30 October 2016 • 2:53am Investigators were scouring Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Saturday after an engine caught fire on an American Airlines plane attempting to take off on Friday, as a source said a detached engine part had hit a nearby building, something the design should have prevented. No serious injuries were reported in the incident, which crippled a Boeing 767 with 161 passengers and nine crew members aboard as it was departing for Miami and briefly closed all O'Hare's runways. The failure was so intense that a disk from the engine hit a building roof, according to a person familiar with the matter. Jet engines are designed to keep parts within the outer cover as escaped shrapnel can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such "uncontained" failures therefore are extremely rare and National Transportation Safety Board officials were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine, with maintenance or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. Smoke Billows From Burning Plane on Chicago Airport Runway Play! 00:49 The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6 introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. The NTSB said it planned to release more details at a news conference later on Saturday at O'Hare. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. Passenger Films His Evacuation From Burning Plane at Chicago Airport Play! 01:21 The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The "rupture of the high pressure turbine stage 1 disk" was traced partly to inadequate GE design of the disk and poor FAA oversight of inspections, according to the summary. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records.  Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: aviation Chicago Boeing Passengers Show more News latest 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am Street protests could halt hospital closures - NHS boss 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am Kids better off at nursery rather than staying at home with mum, say researchers 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am Britain still giving hundreds of millions of pounds in aid to China and India, official report finds 02:02 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am Father Christmas gets dementia in Alzheimer’s Research UK advert so sad it has to be shown after 9pm 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am RSPCA should be stripped of powers to prosecute cases of animal cruelty, MPs say 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am Children are now spending more time online than watching television 15 Nov 2016, 11:48pm When is Donald Trump's inauguration, what will happen on the day and when will Barack Obama move out of the White House? 15 Nov 2016, 11:23pm 'Post-truth' named Oxford Dictionaries UK and US Word of the Year in the wake of Donald Trump's victory and Brexit 01:00 15 Nov 2016, 11:00pm Cockatoo filmed making tools from twigs, wood and cardboard to reach nut 15 Nov 2016, 10:55pm Richard Branson backs plan unveiled in Colorado to launch 3.5hr trans-Atlantic flight 15 Nov 2016, 10:01pm Schoolboy who ran away because he was 'bored' of life is found  15 Nov 2016, 10:00pm Angela Merkel suggests she is willing to compromise on free movement in the wake of Brexit 15 Nov 2016, 10:00pm Revealed: Iraqis paid to travel abroad by UK taxpayer to give evidence against British war veterans  15 Nov 2016, 10:00pm Nigel Farage hints he may seek to rejoin the Tories as sources suggested he will meet with Theresa May 15 Nov 2016, 10:00pm Cut “crazy” Stamp Duty to stop a “tax on mobility”, ex-Tory Chancellor Lord Lawson tells Philip Hammond 15 Nov 2016, 9:57pm Bashar al-Assad says Donald Trump a 'natural ally' for Syria alongside Russia and Iran 15 Nov 2016, 9:20pm SNP Social Security Minister denies ducking welfare powers 15 Nov 2016, 9:00pm Embarrassment for English National Opera as much-hyped Blackpool venue spurns them for rival show 00:36 15 Nov 2016, 8:33pm Swimmers complete seven-hour journey across shrinking Dead Sea 15 Nov 2016, 8:09pm Farmer, 80, admits beating two swans to death 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Police officer 'joked about raping a female colleague and groped her' If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nigeria's Arik Air to buy mostly Boeing planes to double its fleet -source By Reuters Published: 14:28 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 14:28 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail LAGOS, Oct 31 (Reuters) - Nigeria's largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier's existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. (Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Competitiveness > China's COMAC Chases Xi's Dream to Challenge Airbus, Boeing China's COMAC Chases Xi's Dream to Challenge Airbus, Boeing Oct 31, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919. Copyright VCG, Getty Images Advertisement China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE (IW 1000/44) and Boeing Co. (IW 500/9) in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program -- the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 -- COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why The Internet of Things Will Make Manufacturing Smarter The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Seeking Top Rungs of Value Chain “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show, set to start Tuesday, will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. A representative for Airbus declined to comment, while Boeing didn’t respond to an e-mail seeking comments. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft -- hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear. COMAC estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan (US$96 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. The test flight could happen later this year or early 2017, COMAC’s chief designer Wu Guanghui said separately in Zhuhai. ARJ Playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about $2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. Safety will be Early Concern “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travelers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at $1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” By Bloomberg News Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles China's COMAC Collects 50 More Orders for Home-grown C919 Airplane China Completes Production of C919 Passenger Plane 1 Chinese Plane to Compete with Boeing, Airbus Models 1 China Teams Up with Russia in Bid to Break Airbus-Boeing Duopoly Boeing Maintains Lead over Airbus in Long-haul Jets – for Now THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing, UPS orders 747-8 freighters from Boeing By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 31, 2016 Boeing (NYSE: BA) has received an order from UPS (NYSE: UPS) for 14 747-8 Freighters, in an agreement that includes an option to purchase an additional 14 of the cargo airplanes, the company said. UPS said the 747-8 will allow it to upsize its network in new and existing markets The 747-8 Freighter is an efficient freighter that provides cargo operators low operating costs and has 16 percent more revenue cargo volume than the 747-400F. The airplane also reduces the noise footprint around an airport by 30 percent compared to its predecessor. With 109 747-8 passenger and freighter airplanes delivered to customers around the globe, the fleet is performing with the highest dispatch reliability and utilization of any four-engine airplane in service. UPS is a logistics company, offering solutions that include transporting packages and freight, facilitating international trade and deploying advanced technology to more efficiently manage the world of business. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Delta Air Lines Foundation supports nonprofits in 13 states JetSmarter partners with Prodiguer » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Masdar Institute's Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium to Host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi 31 October, 2016 Forum Set to create a knowledge base for seawater-based food and energy systems 31 October 2016 Abu Dhabi, UAE – The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium (SBRC) – a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways, and Boeing [NYSE: BA], as well as Takreer, SAFRAN and General Electric [NYSE: GE] – today announced it is organizing the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi. To be held from 1 - 2 November 2016 at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall, the event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organized in collaboration with the University of Arizona. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture/agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass. During the forum the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project - the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System (SEAS). The forum will aim to strengthen the collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organizations in the field of bioenergy. Dr Behjat Al Yousuf, Interim Provost, Masdar Institute, said: “The Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum is an excellent platform to discuss the Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts on renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production. With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months.” Advertisement James Hogan, Etihad Aviation Group President and Chief Executive Officer said, “Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi.. The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum.” The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March 2016 on a 2-hectare site in Abu Dhabi. -Ends- About Masdar Institute The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology (Masdar Institute) was established by the government of Abu Dhabi as a not-for-profit, private graduate university to develop indigenous R&D capacity in Abu Dhabi addressing issues of importance to the region. In collaboration with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Masdar Institute has developed an academic and research platform that articulates its mission and vision according to critical energy and sustainability challenges. An important characteristic of Masdar Institute is its focus on complex real-world problems that require a multidisciplinary approach for the development of solutions from an integrated technology, systems and policy perspective. This multi-interdisciplinary and integrated approach is supported by the structure of its academic programs and by the emphasis placed on engaging external partners from industry, government, and other academic institutions in collaborative activities. Serving as a key pillar of innovation and human capital, Masdar Institute remains fundamental to Masdar’s core objectives of developing Abu Dhabi’s knowledge economy and finding solutions to humanity’s toughest challenges such as climate change. Masdar Institute integrates theory and practice to incubate a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship, working to develop the critical thinkers and leaders of tomorrow.  With its world-class faculty and top-tier students, the Institute is committed to finding solutions to the challenges of clean energy and climate change through education and research. Masdar Institute offers degrees in: ●      MSc Engineering Systems and Management ●      MSc Computing and Information Science ●      MSc Materials Science and Engineering ●      MSc Mechanical Engineering ●      MSc Water and Environmental Engineering ●      MSc Microsystems Engineering ●      MSc Electrical Power Engineering ●      MSc Chemical Engineering ●      MSc Sustainable Critical Infrastructure ●      PhD in Interdisciplinary Engineering Please visit our website http://www.masdar.ac.ae/ For more information contact: Name: Shaima Al Jarman Director – Marketing & Communications Public Affairs Department Email: saljarman@masdar.ac.ae Phone: +971 02 810 9365 © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Business Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News You are here: ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 15 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,305-514.19 NIFTY 50 8,108-187.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,317-290.00 USD/INR 67.750.50 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW China’s COMAC chases Xi Jinping’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing By Bloomberg | Updated: Oct 31, 2016, 01.52 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Commercial Aircraft Corporation | China | Boeing | Airbus The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program -- the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 -- COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Good Case “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show, set to start Tuesday, will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. Representatives for Airbus and Boeing didn’t immediately respond to e-mails seeking comments. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft -- hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear, according to COMAC, which estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan ($96 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. The test flight could happen later this year or early 2017, COMAC’s chief designer Wu Guanghui said separately in Zhuhai. ARJ Playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about $2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travelers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at $1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake 82 per cent Indians favour demonetisation: Survey Black money saved India during recession: UP CM From Around the Web More from The Economic Times 27 Normal Things Every '80s Kid Did in School That Would N.. The Stir I Stopped Paying for "Pink Razors" and Joined Dollar Shave.. Dollar Shave Club Maryland’s Mega-House Will Leave You In Awe. Who Owns It.. Now Buzz Look No Further, Here Are The Top Sedans For 2016 VoteItUp Referrals Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Putin, Trump speak by phone, agree to work to improve ties Right technology READ MORE ON » Commercial Aircraft Corporation | China | Boeing | Airbus Follow this section for latest news on Business EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Finance ministry asks banks to hire retired staff to deal with cash rush How Narendra Modi stole Manmohan Singh’s thunder There's no magic $45 billion behind India's dry ATMs Cyrus Mistry hits back saying Ratan Tata made questionable investment decisions Find if the nearest ATM has cash with this website More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
null
null
home news articles land sea air joint jsf submarines c4i cyber defence policy defence support group defence industry defence budget adm editorials simulation international conference reports military life ADM editions interviews defence week defence week 420-429 defence week 420 defence week 421 defence week 422 defence week 410-419 defence week 410 defence week 411 defence week 412 defence week 413 defence week 414 defence week 415 defence week 416 defence week 417 defence week 418 defence week 419 defence week 400-409 defence week 400 defence week 401 defence week 402 defence week 403 defence week 404 defence week 405 defence week 406 defence week 407 defence week 408 defence week 409 defence week 390-399 defence week 390 defence week 391 defence week 392 defence week 393 defence week 394 defence week 395 defence week 396 defence week 397 defence week 398 defence week 399 defence week 380-389 defence week 380 defence week 381 defence week 382 defence week 383 defence week 384 defence week 385 defence week 386 defence week 387 defence week 388 defence week 389 defence week 370-379 defence week 379 defence week 378 defence week 377 defence week 376 defence week 375 defence week 374 defence week 373 defence week 372 defence week 371 defence week 370 defence week 360-369 defence week 369 defence week 368 defence week 367 defence week 366 defence week 365 defence week 364 defence week 363 defence week 362 defence week 361 defence week 360 defence week 350-359 defence week 359 defence week 358 defence week 357 defence week 356 defence week 355 defence week 354 defence week 353 defence week 352 defence week 351 defence week 350 defence week 340-349 defence week 349 defence week 348 defence week 347 defence week 346 defence week 345 defence week 344 defence week 343 defence week 342 defence week 341 defence week 340 defence week 330-339 defence week 339 defence week 338 defence week 337 defence week 336 defence week 335 defence week 334 defence week 333 defence week 332 defence week 331 defence week 330 defence week 320-329 defence week 329 defence week 328 defence week 327 defence week 326 defence week 325 defence week 324 defence week 323 defence week 322 defence week 321 defence week 320 defence week 310-319 defence week 319 defence week 318 defence week 317 defence week 316 defence week 315 defence week 314 defence week 313 defence week 312 defence week 311 defence week 310 defence week 300-309 defence week 309 defence week 308 defence week 307 defence week 306 defence week 305 defence week 304 defence week 303 defence week 302 defence week 301 defence week 300 defence week 290-299 defence week 299 defence week 298 defence week 297 defence week 296 defence week 295 defence week 294 defence week 293 defence week 292 defence week 291 defence week 290 defence week 280-289 defence week 289 defence week 288 defence week 287 defence week 286 defence week 285 defence week 284 defence week 283 defence week 282 defence week 281 defence week 280 defence week 270-279 defence week 279 defence week 278 defence week 277 defence week 276 defence week 275 defence week 274 defence week 273 defence week 272 defence week 271 defence week 270 defence week 260-269 defence week 269 defence week 268 defence week 267 defence week 266 defence week 265 defence week 264 defence week 263 defence week 262 defence week 261 defence week 260 defence week 250-259 defence week 259 defence week 258 defence week 257 defence week 256 defence week 255 defence week 254 defence week 253 defence week 252 defence week 251 defence week 250 defence week 240-249 defence week 249 defence week 248 defence week 247 defence week 246 defence week 245 defence week 244 defence week 243 defence week 242 defence week 241 defence week 240 defence week 230-239 defence week 239 defence week 238 defence week 237 defence week 236 defence week 235 defence week 234 defence week 233 defence week 232 defence week 231 defence week 230 defence week 220-229 defence week 229 defence week 228 defence week 227 defence week 226 defence week 225 defence week 224 defence week 223 defence week 222 defence week 221 defence week 220 defence week 210-219 defence week 219 defence week 218 defence week 217 defence week 216 defence week 215 defence week 214 defence week 213 defence week 212 defence week 211 defence week 210 defence week 200-209 defence week 209 defence week 208 defence week 207 defence week 206 defence week 205 defence week 204 defence week 203 defence week 202 defence week 201 defence week 200 defence week 190-199 defence week 199 defence week 198 defence week 197 defence week 196 defence week 195 defence week 194 defence week 193 defence week 192 defence week 191 defence week 190 defence week 186-189 defence week 189 defence week 188 defence week 187 defence week 186 awards 2015 Awards 2014 awards 2013 awards 2012 awards 2011 awards 2010 awards 2009 awards 2008 awards events ADM Events all events event photos suppliers advertise GO > home » articles » simulation Black Skies after action review. Participants in Black Skies tend to perform better at Pitch Black. Credit: Defence more simulation» Simulation and Training: Army Simulation and Training: Harnessing the force of Lightning Simulation and Training: What role will LVC play in Defence Defence Business: SimTect on the importance of plug and play | ADM October 2014 Black Skies: From the lab to live 01 Sep 2016 Given the wide range of assets the RAAF has in play and the limited exercise time they have with international partners, it literally pays to make the most of this training time. EX Black Skies is the simulation effort run by DST Group with industry support to help get RAAF crews ready for EX Pitch Black. Katherine Ziesing | Canberra “In the short term what we try and do is provide Air Force operators who are about to go off to Exercise Pitch Black in the Northern Territory with a valid mission rehearsal,” Dr Chris Best, DST Group’s Science Team Leader for Exercise Black Skies explained to ADM. “So we simulate scenarios that are typical of those that we’d expect the operators to experience when they go up for the live exercise a few weeks later. And so by doing that, the short-term objective is really to allow those operators to prepare for the live exercise. “The longer term objectives are related to helping Air Force to develop its simulation capability and to really get the most out of its simulation capability in terms of the learning and performance of its people. So we’re really trying to help Air Force to understand how to run exercises like this, to use simulation to provide collective training for teams and teams of teams in an effective and efficient manner.” The exercise was the first real workout for the RAAF’s new Joint Air Warfare Battle Laboratory (JAWBL) as part of the new Air Warfare Centre but Black Skies has been running since 2008 for various parts of the RAAF. The constant users have been the RAAF’s air defence ground environment community, while the Wedgetail, Hornet, Army (with JTACs) and Special Forces communities have also been involved with several Black Skies exercises.    “Practicing the scenarios in this environment means that operators can go into live exercises much better prepared and get more out of them.”   When Black Skies started, Air Force didn’t have a lot of experience in terms of mission rehearsal and the relative value of that,” Dr Simon Parker DST Group’s Head of the Air Operations Simulation Centre said to ADM. “So one of the things Chris has been able to demonstrate, by following participants through to the live exercise and measuring the impact, is that the mission rehearsal actually plays a valuable role in preparing people for live exercises. So over the years the participation has been easier to get and has become more involved through to the point where Air Force headquarters decided that they actually wanted a capability where they could conduct Black Skies on the base at Newcastle. This led to the Air Force minor project, which led to us being able to build JAWBL, which led to Black Skies being conducted on base this year.” 2016 saw the air defence ground environment and the Wedgetail involved primarily as a command and control focused exercise with teams of between 7-9 operators as the training audience. “All scenarios were really tailored quite carefully for the objectives that those two groups had for the live exercise, Pitch Black. And in support of that there was a large body of people – engineering support and white force support to make all that happen.” Industry support came from a number of companies including Milskil, SimSol, Daronmont, CAE, and Boeing, who made up a large part of the so-called ‘White Force’ team (those who run the exercise, as opposed to the training audience). Milskil focused on the design and coordination of the exercise scenarios, Boeing provided support to the Wedgetail simulation, while SimSol, CAE, and Daronmont provided software and systems development support. “The key to its success has been the way we’ve been able to balance the necessity to provide the operators with a valid mission rehearsal environment and also the environment we need to do some research in support of longer term Air Force objectives,” Dr Best said. “That’s a pretty important aspect of Black Skies and it’s something we work really hard on. "It’s achieving some research objectives that help Air Force to understand over the longer term how to develop and get the best out of these kinds of systems, but also in the short term provide a really good experience for the individuals who come along.” This thinking was echoed by SimSol’s Director of Innovation Jon Blacklock who said the complexity of the battle management coordination role can be demonstrated synthetically much more efficiently in a lab than in the real world. Real world skills “Many of these exercises [like Pitch Black] are mission focused rather than outcome focused,” he said to ADM. “This means that you don’t get the chance to practice all the skills you would need in a real world operational environment. Practicing the scenarios in this environment means that operators can go into live exercises much better prepared and get more out of them.” One of the key tools that was trialled by DST Group with support from SimSol during the exercise was the ‘DST Group Assessment and Review Research Tool’ (DARRT). Developed by both SimSol and DST Group, DARRT allows trainers on the white force to watch the action in real time and ‘bookmark’ instances where the action was not ideal, needed clarification or feedback. It records every feed in the exercise to replay and debrief. Did the trainee have their console configured properly? Were the sensors pointed the right way? What was your thinking behind taking that action? All of these elements can be effectively debriefed after the mission scenario is complete. Dr Best was enthusiastic about the capability and the promise of this tool. “This kind of thing is going to be really interesting and important as the scenarios that are simulated in these kinds of exercises are fairly complex. When you think about how to get the best out of those scenarios in terms of learning, what really matters is that the important events are identified and the lessons learned are pulled out of those events,” Dr Best said. “With complex scenarios there’s no guarantee that the right people will be looking at the right things at the right time, but what we’re really interested in is looking at smarter systems to help alert people to when those important events take place and to orient their attention to the right lessons.” “DARRT provides the cornerstone of the interactive learning experience,” Blacklock said. Simlink provides a synthetic link to all Link 16 feeds from a range of assets into a single feed. In the past, each platform or asset (real, simulated or stimulated) using Link 16 had to have its own plug-in to the wider simulated environment. SimLink does it all in one program. While Simlink is part of the wider JAWBL toolset is was not used as part of Black Skies this year. SimSol’s RadioActive tool also formed part of the JAWBL system. RadioActive is a synthetic voice tool allowing all voice feeds such as various radios, satcoms etc to be patched into the wider system. This system is already in place at training sites at RAAF East Sale and Williamtown. And Black Skies is just the beginning for JAWBL and the wider DST Group and industry team. “In parallel with this, we’ve been responsible for getting Air Force linked in to Coalition Virtual Flag,” Dr Parker said. “So there are other places like the Air Mobility Group at Richmond that helped oversee the C-130J simulator for Virtual Red Flag. And there are other Air Force simulators that you would expect in the near future to be rolled into the next one.” RAAF as the customer in this case has been very pleased with the results of the exercise this year. Getting the most out of international exercises is key. Credit: Defence “A good example is one of the senior members of the RAAF contingent in Black Skies 16 who said at the end of the exercise that the teams were performing at a level that would be typical of Week 2 or 3 of a live exercise,” Dr Best said. “So thanks to an intensive week of a well-designed simulation exercise we’ve been able to bring those operators up to a level that they wouldn’t necessarily be at when they arrived at the live exercise a few weeks from now.” As Black Skies has been running since 2008, the DST Group team has been able to track the performance of those operators who have attended Black Skies versus those who haven’t. “What we were able to demonstrate to the Air Force was that there was a clear performance benefit in a live exercise like Pitch Black for those people who had done the simulation exercise previously,” Dr Best said. Both industry and DST Group are happy to see the technology move from a lab environment out into the real world. The Black Skies team, both Defence and industry members, hope that the systems and tools developed for the RAAF will also be adopted by the other services and their coalition partners as a common set of applications that make simulation affordable and integral to Defence capability. “From lab to live,” Dr Parker explained to ADM as he spoke of the collaborative environment that Black Skies and indeed JAWBL have brought into this space. “We get a buzz out of seeing science turned into something that’s useful for the operational community,” Dr Parker enthused. Email Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus news » Naval Review ships divert to assist NZ earthquake effort NZ Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee has welcomed the support of nations attending the International Naval Review to help with the response to the November 14 earthquake. joint » Project Coorong: Towards the next generation OTH radar Project Review: Joint programs - enabling the wider ADF capability offering Network Centric Warfare: SATCOMs a work in progress Network Centric Warfare: The long road to Army digitisation Network Centric Warfare: The never ending story of JP2008 Yaffa Media 17-21 Bellevue Street Surry Hills NSW 2010 Australia Ph: 02 9281 2333 Fax: 02 9281 2750 Email: info@yaffa.com.au Web: www.yaffa.com.au Suite 2, 212 Bay Terrace Wynnum Qld 4178 Ph: 07 3348 6966 Fax: 07 3348 6511 Email: defmag@yaffa.com.au Web: www.australiandefence.com.au Advertise Subscribe Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditons Site Map Unsubscribe
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Transport And Aviation » Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner Touches Down In Riyadh ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship Egypt's pound continues to strengthen against the dollar Saudi Arabia to ramp up imports of Australian agricultural products Oil giant BP plans $13B investment in Egypt by 2020 UAE extends maternity leave for government employees Millennials look to UAE for career advancement in region: WEF Absconding expat workers risk fines, lifetime bans from Saudi Arabia Egypt seeks $800M European aid to help ease pressure on the poor IHG plans UAE's largest Holiday Inn at Dubai Festival City Yemen's Central Bank sub-governor sacked for corruption, misconduct Alabbar's billion-dollar, Saudi-backed Noon.com seeks to dominate regional e-commerce market Jordan to increase sheep, poultry products to Gulf markets Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh 2.5 5 Published October 31st, 2016 - 06:32 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Ali Murtada, Etihad Airways Area General Manager KSA, Sultan Al Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Hareb AlMuhairy, SVP Corporate and International Affairs, Etihad Airways Mohammad Al Bulooki, V P UAE Commercial, UAE & GCC, Etihad Airways, Adel Al Ragadi, Terminal Operation Managr ,King Abdul Aziz Airport and Abdul Aziz AlKhlaifi, General Manager Saudi Ground Services Company at King Khaled Airport Follow > Click here to add Abu Dhabi Tourism as an alert Click here to remove the Abu Dhabi Tourism alert Disable alert for Abu Dhabi Tourism, Click here to add Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority as an alert Click here to remove the Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority alert Disable alert for Abu Dhabi Tourism & Cultur ..., Click here to add BBC as an alert Click here to remove the BBC alert Disable alert for BBC, Click here to add Brisbane as an alert Click here to remove the Brisbane alert Disable alert for Brisbane, Click here to add CNN as an alert Click here to remove the CNN alert Disable alert for CNN, Click here to add Dammam as an alert Click here to remove the Dammam alert Disable alert for Dammam, Click here to add Düsseldorf as an alert Click here to remove the Düsseldorf alert Disable alert for Düsseldorf, Click here to add Etihad Airways as an alert Click here to remove the Etihad Airways alert Disable alert for Etihad Airways, Click here to add Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours as an alert Click here to remove the Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours alert Disable alert for Hala Abu Dhabi Signature C ..., Click here to add Hala Group as an alert Click here to remove the Hala Group alert Disable alert for Hala Group, Click here to add Hareb Almuhairy as an alert Click here to remove the Hareb Almuhairy alert Disable alert for Hareb Almuhairy, Click here to add Jeddah as an alert Click here to remove the Jeddah alert Disable alert for Jeddah, Click here to add Johannesburg as an alert Click here to remove the Johannesburg alert Disable alert for Johannesburg, Click here to add Medina as an alert Click here to remove the Medina alert Disable alert for Medina, Click here to add Mohammad Al Bulooki as an alert Click here to remove the Mohammad Al Bulooki alert Disable alert for Mohammad Al Bulooki, Click here to add Panasonic as an alert Click here to remove the Panasonic alert Disable alert for Panasonic, Click here to add Perth as an alert Click here to remove the Perth alert Disable alert for Perth, Click here to add Riyadh as an alert Click here to remove the Riyadh alert Disable alert for Riyadh, Click here to add Shanghai as an alert Click here to remove the Shanghai alert Disable alert for Shanghai, Click here to add The Boeing as an alert Click here to remove the The Boeing alert Disable alert for The Boeing, Click here to add Tokyo as an alert Click here to remove the Tokyo alert Disable alert for Tokyo, Click here to add Washington DC as an alert Click here to remove the Washington DC alert Disable alert for Washington DC, Click here to add Zürich as an alert Click here to remove the Zürich alert Disable alert for Zürich Etihad Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched today with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways Senior Vice President Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi ,Terminal Operation Manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on 1 November. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia. The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and Wi-Fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few.   “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Mr Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as AED 2350 per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until 30 November, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more.* Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Medina and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice. Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective 1 November 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from 1 December 2016. Abu Dhabi – Riyadh flight schedules: Flight No. Origin Departs Destination Arrives Aircraft EY315 Abu Dhabi 01:55 Riyadh 02:45 Boeing 777 EY316 Riyadh 04:15 Abu Dhabi 07:00 Boeing 777 EY317 Abu Dhabi 10:15 Riyadh 11:15 Boeing 787 EY318 Riyadh 16:25 Abu Dhabi 19:10 Boeing 787   Notes: All departures and arrivals are listed in local time. *Terms & Conditions Apply. For more information, contact Etihad Holidays: 800 844 7893  STC 800 850 0026 – Non STC Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Parents have baby ‘living on the edge’ of a cliff for a souvenir photo in Saudi Going out in flames: Iranian man sets his Filipina girlfriend on fire in restaurant in Japan Trumped by love: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump goes viral Finally, a definitive answer on the Middle East’s most generous people: Iraqis Oh, the irony: Turkey warns citizens against travel to US amid anti-Trump protests Muslim woman in Italy fined $32,500 for refusing to remove niqab at public meeting Hate crime? Saudi student assaulted in Wisconsin, dies from injuries Sure to disappoint football fans, Qatar will ban alcohol during 2022 world cup A bit of good news: First Somali-American woman elected to US Congress ‘It was a vote against me’: Trump win strikes fear into American Muslim community Life is a rollercoaster for ‘the Afghan girl’: After Pakistan deported her, Sharbat Gula met Afghan president A life of struggle: National Geographic’s iconic ‘Afghan girl’ deported from Pakistan Top Headlines Walk This Way... where Aerosmith will bid farewell to Israel next May President of IOC Praises Qatar's Commitment to Sports Sports Struck 'Withered Green' first Arab movie to screen at Singapore International Film ‎Festival Egypt's Kenzy El-Defrawy wins 2016 Amman Squash Open RECENT ARTICLES Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund Advance your HR career in MENA with the help of online tools The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship FEATURED STORIES UAE Space Agency, Lockheed Martin ‘blast off’ with professional training program Qatar Airways increases its stake in British Airways' International Airlines Group to 20 percent Boeing predicts 58,000 new pilots needed in Middle East within 20 years UAE and China reach for the stars with MOU on outer space research United Airlines to end Washington-Dubai route: a case of sour grapes? RELATED ARTICLES Boeing 787 dreamliner touches down in UAE capital Etihad Airways new b787-9 dreamliner raises the bar on Singapore route Etihad Airways introduces its Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg Etihad Airways counting down to boeing 787 dreamliner Etihad Airways announces deployment of boeing 787 dreamliner on Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route MOST POPULAR Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos praises Jordan's investment climate on visit to Amman SMEs in MENA make up 90 percent of registered companies Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Etihad Airways Etih More... Etihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal Decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. Less... Contact Information: Etihad Airways PO Box 35566, Head Office, Khalifa City A, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates http://www.etihad.ae PR agency Four Communications Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Contact Information: Four Communications Group PO Box 41837 1st Floor, Room 101, Lime Building, TwoFour54, Al Salam Street Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 2 447 2774 Fax:  +971 (0) 2 447 2074 info@fourcommunications.com http://www.fourcommunications. com PR contact Divya Nagpal Divya.Nagpal@fourcommunications.com Related Videos F1 Boss Says Bahrain Grand Prix Could Be Cancelled - 17 Feb 11 NEW Jaguar C-X17 unveiled Emirates' new A380 order From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Celebrity couple Amy Samir Ghanem and Hassan Raddad tie the knot in Egypt Russia announces first-ever strike on Aleppo from aircraft carrier   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  16 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 26.50   0.50 1.92%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.20   0.00 0.00%   ACI   -0.90   ACIFORMULA 158.70   7.20 4.75%   ACMELAB 105.00   -0.90 -0.85%   ACTIVEFINE 39.30   1.40 3.69%   AFCAGRO 46.00   2.20 5.02%   AFTABAUTO 54.60   4.20 8.33%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.70 3.91%   AGRANINS 17.50   1.00 6.06%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.20   -1.90 -1.98%   ALARABANK 14.90   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 8.70   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 77.30   -0.40 -0.51%   AMBEEPHA 422.20   -14.90 -3.41%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.20   -0.60 -0.30%   ANLIMAYARN 26.90   0.90 3.46%   ANWARGALV 67.30   0.50 0.75%   APEXFOODS 142.80   -3.10 -2.12%   APEXFOOT 368.10   2.00 0.55%   APEXSPINN 121.00   -3.00 -2.42%   APEXTANRY 128.00   -0.10 -0.08%   APOLOISPAT 16.20   0.30 1.89%   ARAMIT 351.60   -2.20 -0.62%   ARAMITCEM 30.00   -0.10 -0.33%   ARGONDENIM 27.20   1.50 5.84%   ASIAINS 16.40   0.40 2.50%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   0.40 2.52%   ATCSLGF 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 113.60   0.50 0.44%   AZIZPIPES 68.40   3.00 4.59%   BANGAS 103.90   1.00 0.97%   BANKASIA 17.60   0.40 2.33%   BARKAPOWER 29.90   0.50 1.70%   BATASHOE 1180.00   8.60 0.73%   BATBC   2.90   BAYLEASING 20.30   0.70 3.57%   BBS   0.60   BDAUTOCA 68.00   -0.50 -0.73%   BDCOM   0.60   BDFINANCE 10.20   0.60 6.25%   BDLAMPS 173.40   2.60 1.52%   BDTHAI 22.90   1.10 5.05%   BEACHHATCH 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   BEACONPHAR 19.20   0.30 1.59%   BENGALWTL 38.00   -0.80 -2.06%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   18.80 0.79%   BEXIMCO 22.40   0.60 2.75%   BGIC   0.00   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   0.40   BRACBANK 65.90   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   0.00 0.00%   BSC   12.40   BSCCL   -1.70   BSRMLTD 141.00   0.40 0.28%   BSRMSTEEL 94.80   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 82.00   -0.20 -0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 16.00   0.20 1.27%   CENTRALPHL 14.00   -0.50 -3.45%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.00 0.00%   CITYGENINS 14.80   0.60 4.23%   CMCKAMAL 13.90   0.60 4.51%   CNATEX 7.80   0.20 2.63%   CONFIDCEM 116.00   -4.30 -3.57%   CONTININS 16.40   0.30 1.86%   CVOPRL 193.50   6.40 3.42%   DACCADYE 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   DAFODILCOM 34.50   0.10 0.29%   DBH   -0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.20   0.10 0.10%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.10 1.18%   DESCO   -1.30   DESHBANDHU 8.60   0.70 8.86%   DHAKABANK 16.10   0.10 0.63%   DHAKAINS 18.80   1.30 7.43%   DOREENPWR 112.80   -6.20 -5.21%   DSHGARME 364.80   14.90 4.26%   DSSL   0.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.30   0.60 0.56%   EASTERNINS 23.90   0.40 1.70%   EASTLAND 20.20   0.40 2.02%   EASTRNLUB 900.00   -20.50 -2.23%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 145.20   -0.50 -0.34%   EHL   1.70   EMERALDOIL 34.70   3.10 9.81%   ENVOYTEX 36.70   -2.30 -5.90%   ETL   0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.50   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 10.30   0.20 1.98%   FAMILYTEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.30   0.20 1.05%   FAREASTFIN 9.60   0.20 2.13%   FAREASTLIF 62.80   -0.10 -0.16%   FASFIN 11.30   0.50 4.63%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.00   0.00 0.00%   FEKDIL 22.90   0.70 3.15%   FINEFOODS 20.00   -0.90 -4.31%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   FIRSTSBANK 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FORTUNE 42.90   -1.20 -2.72%   FUWANGFOOD 12.40   -0.30 -2.36%   GBBPOWER 14.70   0.10 0.68%   GEMINISEA 791.00   -1.80 -0.23%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.20 2.99%   GHAIL   0.20   GHCL   -3.50   GLAXOSMITH 1600.00   34.00 2.17%   GLOBALINS 12.50   0.20 1.63%   GOLDENSON 15.50   -1.10 -6.63%   GP   -0.90   GPHISPAT 29.20   0.30 1.04%   GQBALLPEN 69.70   1.80 2.65%   GRAMEENS2 10.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 47.00   0.30 0.64%   GSPFINANCE 20.00   0.60 3.09%   HAKKANIPUL 43.00   -1.10 -2.49%   HEIDELBCEM 546.00   -0.60 -0.11%   HFL   -0.20   HRTEX   0.70   HWAWELLTEX 35.60   0.40 1.14%   IBBLPBOND 980.00   12.00 1.24%   IBNSINA 218.60   0.90 0.41%   ICB   -6.00   ICB1STNRB 18.70   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.20 5.13%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   1.50   IFADAUTOS 74.60   -1.50 -1.97%   IFIC   0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   ILFSL   0.30   IMAMBUTTON 11.10   -0.30 -2.63%   INTECH 11.60   -0.60 -4.92%   IPDC   1.90   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.70 4.73%   ISLAMIINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   ISNLTD 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   ITC   -3.40   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.30 2.08%   JAMUNAOIL 194.50   0.40 0.21%   JANATAINS 12.50   0.40 3.31%   JMISMDL 154.00   2.60 1.72%   JUTESPINN 54.00   -2.10 -3.74%   KARNAPHULI 13.80   0.40 2.99%   KAY&QUE 31.50   0.60 1.94%   KBPPWBIL 17.70   0.50 2.91%   KDSALTD 64.90   -0.90 -1.37%   KEYACOSMET 9.60   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 452.00   6.50 1.46%   KPCL   -3.10   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.20   -1.10 -1.46%   LANKABAFIN 27.00   0.30 1.12%   LEGACYFOOT 18.70   0.60 3.31%   LIBRAINFU 500.20   -20.60 -3.96%   LINDEBD 1342.00   -7.90 -0.59%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.20 3.12%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1211.00   -0.60 -0.05%   MATINSPINN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.30 4.48%   MEGHNACEM 93.20   0.20 0.22%   MEGHNALIFE 52.00   -0.10 -0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.50   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 13.50   0.10 0.75%   MERCINS 13.60   0.20 1.49%   METROSPIN 6.40   -0.10 -1.54%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 75.00   -0.20 -0.27%   MIDASFIN 24.50   0.40 1.66%   MIRACLEIND 39.00   1.10 2.90%   MITHUNKNIT 66.00   -0.70 -1.05%   MJLBD   0.50   MODERNDYE 201.00   -0.20 -0.10%   MPETROLEUM 183.40   0.70 0.38%   MTB   0.40   NATLIFEINS 173.00   2.10 1.23%   NAVANACNG 54.90   -0.10 -0.18%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.40   0.10 0.97%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.90   NHFIL   4.60   NITOLINS 21.80   0.40 1.87%   NLI1STMF 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   NORTHERN 198.50   -15.00 -7.03%   NORTHRNINS 18.90   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 83.40   -2.10 -2.46%   NTC   43.10   NTLTUBES 130.00   3.10 2.44%   OAL   0.40   OLYMPIC 309.90   5.80 1.91%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -1.20 -2.00%   ORIONPHARM 38.50   3.50 10.00%   PADMALIFE 22.60   -0.20 -0.88%   PADMAOIL 185.60   0.40 0.22%   PARAMOUNT 18.90   -0.60 -3.08%   PENINSULA 23.80   -1.40 -5.56%   PEOPLESINS 16.50   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.10 2.22%   PHARMAID 253.50   -3.00 -1.17%   PHENIXINS 21.40   0.30 1.42%   PHOENIXFIN 24.20   0.80 3.42%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.50   0.60 2.08%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   POPULARLIF 67.80   -0.70 -1.02%   POWERGRID 59.40   0.20 0.34%   PRAGATIINS 25.80   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 88.90   0.20 0.23%   PREMIERBAN 9.00   0.30 3.45%   PREMIERCEM 84.00   -2.70 -3.11%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   0.30 3.06%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.10 2.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.30 3.90%   PRIMEINSUR 16.10   -0.30 -1.83%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   0.30 0.52%   PRIMETEX 22.40   1.30 6.16%   PROVATIINS 14.20   0.30 2.16%   PTL   1.50   PUBALIBANK 20.30   0.50 2.53%   PURABIGEN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   QSMDRYCELL 92.50   4.10 4.64%   RAHIMAFOOD 83.70   -6.00 -6.69%   RAHIMTEXT 237.20   0.20 0.08%   RAKCERAMIC 58.10   -0.30 -0.51%   RANFOUNDRY 102.40   -0.90 -0.87%   RDFOOD 16.60   1.50 9.93%   RECKITTBEN 1587.00   16.90 1.08%   REGENTTEX 12.10   -0.20 -1.63%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 45.50   0.00 0.00%   RENATA 1095.00   3.30 0.30%   RENWICKJA 582.10   -6.20 -1.05%   REPUBLIC 16.20   0.70 4.52%   RNSPIN 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   RSRMSTEEL 44.50   2.10 4.95%   RUPALIBANK 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.60 3.61%   RUPALILIFE 36.00   0.70 1.98%   SAFKOSPINN 11.30   0.80 7.62%   SAIFPOWER 60.50   0.40 0.67%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.30 2.21%   SALAMCRST 26.80   0.50 1.90%   SALVOCHEM 12.70   1.00 8.55%   SAMATALETH 23.50   -0.90 -3.69%   SAMORITA 62.80   0.30 0.48%   SANDHANINS 29.00   -0.10 -0.34%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.50   -0.30 -2.54%   SEMLLECMF 9.50   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.20 1.48%   SHASHADNIM 58.50   -2.00 -3.31%   SHURWID 8.30   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 12.60   0.10 0.80%   SIBL   0.10   SIMTEX 19.90   1.20 6.42%   SINGERBD 184.20   -2.30 -1.23%   SINOBANGLA 22.70   1.00 4.61%   SONALIANSH 197.80   -0.70 -0.35%   SONARBAINS 14.80   0.30 2.07%   SONARGAON 8.60   -0.30 -3.37%   SOUTHEASTB 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   SPCL   -2.70   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.20 0.31%   SQURPHARMA 248.00   -22.60 -8.35%   STANCERAM 52.10   -5.50 -9.55%   STANDARINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   STANDBANKL 10.00   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1666.30   98.00 6.25%   SUMITPOWER 33.60   -0.20 -0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   TITASGAS 47.40   -0.10 -0.21%   TOSRIFA 18.70   1.00 5.65%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.20   0.20 0.87%   TUNGHAI 10.80   -0.30 -2.70%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 12.80   0.60 4.92%   UNIQUEHRL 39.30   -2.20 -5.30%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.30   0.60 3.05%   UNITEDINS 24.20   -0.90 -3.59%   UPGDCL 142.60   0.40 0.28%   USMANIAGL 92.40   -1.80 -1.91%   UTTARABANK 23.60   0.30 1.29%   UTTARAFIN 58.60   1.50 2.63%   VAMLBDMF1 8.80   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 152.00   2.40 1.60%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.30 -1.20%   YPL   1.20   ZAHEENSPIN 15.40   0.60 4.05%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -0.10 -0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.10   -1.30 -7.47%   Latest News Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass TIME - 06:36 am National High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Economy Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT World Indian govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO for five Stock BSEC approves IPO of Shepherd Industries BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money TOP NEWS Trump’s 200 day plan: Trade reform begins Day 1 Dollar hovers near 14-year high Hate crimes against US Muslims 'up by 67pc' Eastern Cables recommends 10pc cash div LR Global MF declares 5.0pc cash div National Tea recommends 30pc cash div Standard Ins recommends 10pc stock div Oil prices rise Trump, Putin discuss future ties Asian stocks mostly lower MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am The finance ministry has sought Tk 30 billion from the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) as condition to providing state guarantee for ITFC credits. The BPC owes the exchequer some Tk 263 billion as it took the money to foot oil bills Read more A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ November 16, 2016, 12:15 am None knows for sure the size of the global shadow economy, for most people do talk about tackling it but not many of them have ever tried to find perfect ways of measuring it.  Its definition is also somewhat blurred. There Read more Economy Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter The Dutch economy grew by 0.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2016, the Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics announced on Tuesday, reports Xinhua. The growth percentage was the same as in the first two quarters of this year. The quarterly growth of the Dutch economy was the tenth in a row. Compared to Q3 of 2015, the economy grew by 2.4 per cent. "Our economy continues to perform exceptionally well and is broadly driven," Henk Kamp, Minister of Economic Affairs, reacted in a statement, "We grow more than twice as fast as the European average and show a solid and Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows November 14, 2016, 10:09 pm Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit November 14, 2016, 1:06 pm Finance Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Tighter macroprudential actions in financial regulation may create the scope of 'regulatory arbitrage' with destabilising impacts including credit squeeze. Such a forewarning came at a summit meet Tuesday in Dhaka on present-day banking that is marked by a switch from the Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t IMF queries rising NPLs in banks Q1 income tax receipt well below target Editorial Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Op-Ed Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Stock Stocks return to green on buying spree Stocks returned to green Tuesday, snapping a two days profit taking sale pressure, as some enthusiastic investors were active on SBL, SIBL to open KSA branches soon Increased participation spurs rally on bourses Square most-traded issue on DSE Stocks end positive Mideast stocks mixed at opening  Indian shares slip 2pc; rupee drops  Summit Alliance to open office in Singapore New Zealand shares edge up National Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu on Tuesday said the government has taken all measures to bring the culprits to justice in connection with the Nasirganar and Gobindaganj incidents, reports BSS. "The incidents of Nasirnagar, Gobindaganj and Raipura are isolated, having no link with the law and order situation in the country," he said after attending a cabinet committee meeting on law Fire at Acme laboratory in Dhamrai PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight Students block Shahbagh intersection seeking fishery minister’s removal Journalist Ruhul Amin passes away  Satkhira police nab 33 on various charges  Dry weather likely All 4 in Bushra murder case relieved SC asks Mufti Hannan to submit statement Trade and Market Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg Prices of garlic increased significantly by Tk 20- Tk 30 a kg in last two days. Traders attributed the hike to higher import costs. Imported garlic (Chinese) was sold at Tk 200-Tk 210 and local variety at Tk 155-165 a kg in retail markets on Tuesday from Tk 170-Tk 180 and Tk 135-Tk 140 a kg respectively two days back, kitchen market FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors KL assures Dhaka of hiring workers sooner Thrust on early introduction of e-fund transfer BB seeks banks' help to revamp dwindling remittance inflows India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47b takeover offer China commodities fall hard as speculators panic after frantic rally World The Rock cooking up White House run? After parlaying a professional wrestling career as "The Rock" into leading roles in Hollywood, Dwayne Johnson is entertaining the idea US students boycott classes to protest Trump win 11 Arab nations accuse Iran of sponsoring ‘terrorism’ Giuliani favourite for Trump’s secy of state Sci-tech Dry weather likely Weather may remain dry with temporary partly cloudy sky over the country, said a Met office release in Dhaka on Google bans ads on fake news sites  Supermoon lighting up sky Smart City Hackathon organised in city Education BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 RAJSHAHI UNIVERSITY, Nov 15: The council of the Rajshahi University (RU) unit of the Bangladesh Chhattra League (BCL) will be held on December 07 while that of the Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (RUET) unit of the student wing of the ruling Awami League is scheduled for December 08. Delwar Hossain, office secretary of the BCL central committee, told the newsmen that the decision was taken in an emergency meeting in the presence of the organisation's central President Saifur Rahman ... Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education Five teachers to face action over JSC question 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Sports Muktijoddha share points with Brothers MYMENSINGH, Nov 15 (UNB): Muktijoddha Sangsad KC shared points with Brothers Union Club in the JB Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) BFF selects 26 junior booters for Super Mokh Cup Police beat Agrani Bank Australia slump to humiliating loss Health World Diabetes Day being observed World Diabetes Day is being observed in Bangladesh as other countries in the globe through various programmes on Monday. Danish pharmaceuticals DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabann The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina on Tuesday expressed profound shock at the death of Awami League leader SM Yousuf. In a condolence message, the prime minister said: "the nation has lost an honest, brave and sincere politician due to his death." She recalled the role of Yusuf with deep respect during the protest movement forged after the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on the black night of August 15, 1975. Sheikh Hasina prayed for eternal peace of the departed soul and conveyed her ... Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Country Flower growers sustain heavy losses for rough weather in Bogra BOGRA, Nov 15: The flower growers of the district are counting heavy losses as the crop has been badly damaged due to rough weather which is prevailing here for the last several days. Sources said the flower petals are starting to fall due to the rough weather condition. Meanwhile, the low price of flowers at Gokul Market, the biggest wholesale market, has brought the growers to their knees. Of the total production in the country, around 35 per cent flowers are grown ... Fancy bed covers export brings solvency to 550 poor rural females Construction of 70 houses for landless FFs going on in Sylhet Magura traders doing brisk business at Kartiany fair PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo more news Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies November 16, 2016, 12:06 am PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight November 15, 2016, 10:07 pm BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass November 15, 2016, 11:29 pm EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors November 15, 2016, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 145 ISSUES DECLINED 79 Most popular A world shadowed by shadow economy November 16, 2016, 12:15 am Revenue board wont budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am Hard belt-tightening may dampen credit demand November 16, 2016, 12:11 am MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business November 16, 2016, 12:08 am Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg November 16, 2016, 12:10 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ORIONPHARM 35.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 10.00 RDFOOD 15.10 16.60 15.80 16.60 9.93 EMERALDOIL 31.60 34.70 31.00 34.70 9.81 NTC 542.40 610.00 566.00 590.70 8.91 NHFIL 49.50 54.40 49.80 53.90 8.89 SAFKOSPINN 10.50 11.50 10.70 11.40 8.57 AFTABAUTO 50.40 54.90 50.90 54.60 8.33 DHAKAINS 17.50 19.00 17.50 18.90 8.00 SALVOCHEM 11.70 12.70 11.90 12.60 7.69 SIMTEX 18.70 20.30 17.70 20.10 7.49 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SIMTEX 18.00 20.30 17.70 19.90 10.56 EMERALDOIL 32.00 34.70 31.00 34.70 8.44 TOSRIFA 17.30 19.40 17.30 18.70 8.09 NHFIL 50.30 54.40 49.80 54.10 7.56 NFML 16.00 17.20 16.00 17.20 7.50 AFTABAUTO 50.90 54.90 50.90 54.60 7.27 ORIONPHARM 36.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 6.94 SALVOCHEM 12.00 12.70 11.90 12.70 5.83 PRIMETEX 21.20 22.40 21.20 22.40 5.66 SAFKOSPINN 10.70 11.50 10.70 11.30 5.61 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG STANCERAM 57.60 54.40 51.90 52.20 -9.38 GHCL 40.40 39.00 36.40 36.70 -9.16 SHYAMPSUG 12.50 12.60 11.30 11.40 -8.80 GOLDENSON 16.60 16.50 15.00 15.20 -8.43 SQURPHARMA 270.60 251.00 245.20 248.10 -8.32 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.10 -8.00 ITC 51.00 50.00 46.00 47.40 -7.06 NORTHERN 213.50 205.00 194.90 199.10 -6.75 ISNLTD 12.70 13.10 11.80 11.90 -6.30 DOREENPWR 119.00 123.00 110.80 112.30 -5.63 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 90.90 91.00 83.50 83.70 -7.92 FINEFOODS 21.70 22.40 19.60 20.00 -7.83 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.20 -7.43 DOREENPWR 120.90 123.00 110.80 112.80 -6.70 PENINSULA 25.40 26.10 23.80 23.80 -6.30 GOLDENSON 16.50 16.50 15.00 15.50 -6.06 GHCL 39.00 39.00 36.40 36.90 -5.39 LIBRAINFU 527.80 527.80 500.20 500.20 -5.23 ITC 50.00 50.00 46.00 47.60 -4.80 ISNLTD 13.10 13.10 11.80 12.50 -4.58 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:28 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Chinese planemaker chases Xi’s dream to challenge Airbus, Boeing Monday October 31, 2016 07:01 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Former Chinese hurdler Liu Xiang waves as he gets out of the first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) at the company's factory in Shanghai, November 2, 2015. — Reuters picSHANGHAI, Oct 31 — China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd, locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least US$2 billion (RM8.4 billion), mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 programme — the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 — COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernisation of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Good case “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realise its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realise the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft — hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co and Honeywell International Inc, and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear, according to COMAC, which estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan (RM405 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. Workers aboard an almost completed COMAC ARJ21-700 passenger jet at a final assembly and manufacturing centre in Shanghai. — AFP picARJ playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd, a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about US$2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travellers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at US$1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Nepal PM phones India’s Modi over rupee chaos Google, Facebook cut ad revenue to ‘fake’ news sites European equities drift higher United to delay taking Boeing jets in US$4.8b savings push Macau sets US$25b gaming target for 2017 below estimates Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Chinese lessor orders ARJ-21 jets in US$2.3b deal Made in China passenger plane completed China signs €17b deal for 130 Airbus planes China buys 300 Boeing jets, signs pact for aircraft plant, says Xinhua China regional jet gets green light to conduct domestic flights Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Xi’s Dream Takes Shape in Shanghai to Challenge Airbus, Boeing Bloomberg News October 30, 2016 — 6:00 PM EDT Updated on October 31, 2016 — 5:58 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The C919 passenger jet. Photographer: VCG via Getty Images Chinese maker to test single-aisle jet by early next year Plane part of goal to boost China’s manufacturing ranking Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp China has a dream of challenging the duopoly of Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. in the global market for air planes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting the model would help the planemaker break into the big league. It’s banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program -- the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 -- COMAC’s message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it has already got commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft with a mock-up and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys into one that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. Good Case “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy at Renmin University of China in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show, set to start Tuesday, will also feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build engines for aircraft. A representative for Airbus declined to comment, while Boeing didn’t respond to an e-mail seeking comments. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008 as soon as the establishment of the company. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft -- hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts as many as 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear. COMAC estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as 650 billion yuan ($96 billion). The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. Since the work has just started, it’s too early to talk about competing with the majors as they are in a different league, he said. The test flight could happen later this year or early 2017, COMAC’s chief designer Wu Guanghui said separately in Zhuhai. ARJ Playbook Though the goal may be decades away, the planemaker may already have a playbook to count on. The Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21, which took 13 years to design, build and bring to market, has been flying since June. With a maximum range of about 1,380 miles and powered by GE engines, the jet competes with those of Bombardier Inc. and Embraer SA. China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-listed company, was the latest customer, agreeing to purchase 60 ARJ21s in a July deal worth about $2.3 billion at list prices. China may eventually pull it off with the C919, but the aircraft may be initially confined only to the domestic market and to some interest from a few developing countries, said Shukor Yusof, a founder of aviation consulting firm Endau Analytics in Malaysia. Safety concerns may deter the world’s top airlines from opting for the jet, he said. “After a few upgrades, it should be able to show the world that it’s a serious aircraft,” Shukor said. “In order to achieve the comfort level for airlines, especially first-tier airlines, it could take more than two decades.” For the C919, once ready and safe, China could prove to be a captive market. The nation, set to surpass the U.S. to become the world’s largest aviation market by passengers by 2024, will have 1.3 billion travelers by 2035, according to the International Air Transport Association. The country may need 6,810 new aircraft valued at $1.03 trillion in the next two decades to meet rising demand for air travel, Boeing estimated in September. “At some point, China cannot simply rely on imports from Boeing and Airbus for its aircraft demand,” Renmin University’s Liu said. “Making its own plane elevates China’s status and is a key component of propelling China’s economic growth in the future.” — With assistance by Dong Lyu Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read this next Boeing’s 747 Jumbo Snags a $5.3 Billion Lifeline From UPS Qatar’s Airbus Deal Not Dead as Some 737s Set for New Partner JetBlue Buys Into Private Jets Airbus Group SE Markets Boeing Co/The China Shanghai Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 16, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Berlin’s wild charms make it first choice for Syrian artists Erdogan helps Turkish actor ask for Moroccan beauty queen’s hand in marriage Japanese actor Mifune honored with star in Hollywood ‘The Rock’ talks a future in politics, including potential White House run Lindsay Lohan invites US President-elect Trump to visit Syria and Turkey with her AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands in Riyadh Business Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner lands in Riyadh Oct 31, 2016 423 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Sultan Al Mansoori, Abu Dhabi TCA GCC Country Manager; Hareb AlMuhairy, SVP Corporate and International Affairs, Etihad Airways; Mohammad Al Bulooki, VP UAE Commercial, UAE & GCC , Etihad Airways’ Adel Al Ragadi, Terminal Operation Manager at King Abdul Aziz Airport; and Abdul Aziz AlKhlaifi, General Manager, Saudi Ground Services Company at King Khaled Airport during the cutting of ceremonial cake ETIHAD Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched Sunday with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways Senior Vice President Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi ,Terminal Operation Manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on Nov. 1. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia. The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and Wi-Fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few. “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as AED2,350 per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until Nov. 30, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice. Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective Nov. 1, 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from Dec. 1, 2016. — SG SOURCESG TAGS 787 Dreamliner Boeing Ethihad Airways Riyadh Saudi Arabia SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleRask records 31st career shutout Next articleMakkah is a red line Ajaz Ali RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Global CEOs back Saudi tech and innovation agenda Responsible behavior is part of civic duty Wastage of water, electricity at our mosques NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,484,174FansLike 41,071FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King receives message from Algerian president Nov 16, 2016 Crown Prince: Beef up efforts to fight sexual exploitation of children Nov 16, 2016 Arab League role important: King Nov 16, 2016 Deputy Crown Prince stresses more coordination to confront challenges Nov 16, 2016 Global CEOs back Saudi tech and innovation agenda Nov 16, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out travel Search Destinations Themes News Travel Troubles Cruising Snow Kiwi Traveller American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure STEVE GORMAN AND FRANK MCGURTY Last updated 09:58, October 31 2016 Passengers slide from plane as smoke and flames burn American Airlines engine An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. REUTERS Passengers were evacuated from the plane via emergency chute at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. Read more: * American Airlines jet bursts into flames at Chicago's O'Hare Airport * The moment American Airlines plane burst into flames caught on recording   JIM YOUNG Soot covers the fuselage of an American Airlines jet that blew a tire, sparking a fire and prompting the pilot to abort takeoff. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. JOSHUA ROBERTS Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. Ad Feedback NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. Jim Young / Reuters An American Airlines was diverted to Denver International Airport on Sunday. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 915 meters south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records.  MECHANICAL ISSUE DIVERTS PLANE More than 100 people on an American Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Toronto are safe after the plane was diverted to Denver International Airport on Sunday. Airport spokeswoman Daria Serna says the plane landed in Denver after the crew reported a mechanical issue. Airline spokesman Kent Powell says the Airbus 319 was diverted to Denver because of an odor onboard. He says maintenance crews are investigating the cause. Flight 569 landed safely and people were able to get off the plane at the terminal. Powell says the airline is working to get passengers to their destinations.  - Reuters Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Travel Troubles story: British Airways pilot suspended for alleged cockpit sex act Travel Homepage Comments travel headlines No carry-on bags allowed Blogger forgives eerie copycat Passengers sue over plane fire Pilot shuts down Trump fight NZ's 'shaky isles' still on tourist map 5 fun trips for Christmas fans 'Most of our ghosts are friendly' London's best new restaurants Only superjumbos, 777s for Emirates Plane damaged in Brisbane storm Tourists told NZ is safe Petra is rose-red and awe inspiring Italy and Spain in one trip How not to be an ugly American Passenger threat on Air NZ flight Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Weta 'IT geek' captures Wellington tsunami surge after earthquake rocks New Zealand Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved A warning to expect the worst Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Wellington: What you need to know - Wednesday Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Don Henley announces New Zealand tour with singer Jewel Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Famous seal breeding ground destroyed by quake Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null

DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home Features DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Carter Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series Images Most Recent Most Popular News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Suggestion Box DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled 364th ESC Hispanic Observance MARYSVILLE, WA, UNITED STATES 10.22.2016 Photo by Maj. Marvin Baker  364th Expeditionary Sustainment Command ✔ ✗ Subscribe 4 MARYSVILLE, Wash.- A Boeing employees’ Cultural Dance team comprised of members of the company’s Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers performed an interactive dance routine at the Armed Forces Reserve Center based in Marysville, Washington Oct. 22. The ESC’s Equal Opportunity Office coordinated the event in order to celebrate the contributions the Hispanic heritage has on the society. Monthly, the 364th ESC commemorates groups, causes, or events with special recognition and activities. Special observances are events and activities designed to enhance cross-cultural and promote harmony, pride, teamwork, and esprit de corps among military members, their families, and the communities where they live. LEAVE A COMMENT IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.22.2016 Date Posted: 10.30.2016 12:22 Photo ID: 2954449 VIRIN: 161022-A-QL246-532 Resolution: 4288x2848 Size: 6.42 MB Location: MARYSVILLE, WA, US  Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, 364th ESC Hispanic Observance, by MAJ Marvin Baker, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS TAGS Army Reserve Boeing Hispanic Observance Cultural awarenes Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Photo   Download Gallery   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add Gallery to Playlist   Distribute Photo   Distribute Gallery   Schedule Social Post   Edit Photo LEAVE A COMMENT Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series Images Most Recent Most Popular News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Suggestion Box 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612 REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series Images Most Recent Most Popular News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Suggestion Box
About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows WV Poll Outdoors Constellium says new tank contract shows its expertise Share Article By Brad McElhinny in News | October 30, 2016 at 8:30AM RAVENSWOOD, W.Va. — The Constellium aluminum plant in Jackson County already supplies metal for Boeing and Airbus. Workers proudly say more than 20 percent of the aluminum on any plane is made there. Now Constellium can add tanks to its list. The plant has been awarded a contract to produce KEIKOR 2139 plates for the U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research Development and Engineering Center — which, because the military loves acronyms, goes by TARDEC. TARDEC, located in Michigan, is the Army’s research and development center for advanced military automotive technology. The plates made by Constellium are to be used for armor applique on side armor and underbelly protection for ground combat vehicles. TARDEC refers to the end product as a Combat Vehicle Prototype, its next generation prototype fighting vehicle. Buddy Stemple “What they’re trying to do is develop the next generation of fighting vehicles,” said Buddy Stemple, chief executive officer of Constellium in Ravenswood. “They selected our material to do this development.” Constellium says landing the contract demonstrates the company’s leadership in innovative and high-quality aluminum products. The contract also demonstrates the expertise of Constellium in the defense market and confirms its growing position as a leading partner for aluminum armored vehicle solutions, company leaders said. “Thanks to a tireless focus on research and innovation, and a strong investment program over the past five years, we have developed the broadest global offering of specialized aluminium alloys for armor applications,” stated David Meacham, vice president of sales transportation, industry and defense at Constellium’s corporate headquarters. TARDEC praised Constellium for being both innovative and efficient. “What’s more, once we selected the material, we were able to work with Constellium closely to begin the alloy processing quickly, and they were able to cut the originally-quoted delivery time by more than half,” stated Erik Polsen, TARDEC’s chief engineer for Combat Vehicle Prototype survivability. No upgrades to the plant are necessary, and it’s unclear if any other type of expansion will occur. “Being a prototype vehicle, we cannot anticipate on production and jobs,” Constellium said in a statement released by Hill+Knowlton Strategies, its corporate advisor. Not all aluminum is alike, and what’s made for TARDEC will be specially suited to its needs. “It just has a special set of characteristics that you control with alloying elements and the manufacturing process,” Stemple said. “That allows us to meet the requirements of the military.” Constellium started the process of landing the contract a couple of years ago. Stemple said there’s a significant amount of testing required. “We’ll take it out and shoot it,” he said. “If it’s going to be for a tank, we might shoot it with a tank.” Stemple said Constellium’s workers are proud that their products are used in a practical way to help America’s military. “Our stuff is protecting our soldiers,” he said. “We take great pride in that.” Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Brad McElhinny brad.mcelhinny@wvmetronews.com @BradMcElhinny Brad McElhinny is the statewide correspondent for MetroNews. Brad is a Parkersburg native who spent more than 20 years at the Charleston Daily Mail. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular Now mayor who chimed in on 'ape' Facebook post has resigned Blistering start carries West Virginia past Mississippi Valley, 107-66 Man charged with murder of missing Lincoln County woman WV Oil & Natural Gas Association hires new director © 2016 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sunday, October 30, 2016  |  Muharram 29, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Etihad Airways has deployed one of its 787 Dreamliners on the Abu Dhabi to Riyadh service. Courtesy Etihad Etihad launches new Dreamliner superjumbo flight to Riyadh Chris Nelson October 30, 2016 Updated: October 30, 2016 05:18 PM Related Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Etihad to deploy Boeing 787 Dreamliner in Abu Dhabi-Tokyo Narita service Etihad puts a 787 Dreamliner on Riyadh route Etihad Airways Dreamliner touches down in China for the first time Etihad to open ‘spectacular’ new first class lounge at Abu Dhabi airport Topics: Boeing Etihad Airways Etihad Airways’ latest Boeing superjumbo 787 Dreamliner route was launched on Sunday with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest 787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Düsseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi to Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on November 1. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 business studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 economy smart seats with unique "fixed wing" headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. "Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi," said Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways vice president UAE and GCC commercial. "Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations." The new Abu Dhabi to Riyadh route will be deployed as EY317, leaving the capital at 10:15 and arriving in Riyadh at 11:15. The EY318 return leaves Riyadh at 16:25, landing in Abu Dhabi at 19:10. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Medina and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travellers with even more choice. Etihad currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. From December 1, Etihad will operate a Dreamliner on the Abu Dhabi to Tokyo route. chnelson@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Etihad to deploy Boeing 787 Dreamliner in Abu Dhabi-Tokyo Narita service Etihad puts a 787 Dreamliner on Riyadh route Etihad Airways Dreamliner touches down in China for the first time More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device More Most Viewed Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Etihad airways boeing 787 dreamliner touches down in Riyadh 30 October, 2016 From right to left: Ali Murtada – Etihad Airways Area General Manager KSA , Sultan Al Mansoori – GCC Country Manager, Hareb AlMuhairy, SVP Corporate and International Affairs, Etihad Airways Mohammad Al Bulooki, V P UAE Commercial, UAE & GCC , Etihad Airways , Adel Al Ragadi , Terminal Operation Managr ,King Abdul Aziz Airport and Abdul Aziz AlKhlaifi , General Manager Saudi Ground Services Company at King Khaled Airport . 30 October 2016 Riyadh, KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA – Etihad Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched today with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways Senior Vice President Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC Country Manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi ,Terminal Operation Manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport. Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways Vice President UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia, with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Advertisement Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on 1 November. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia. The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and Wi-Fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few.   “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Mr Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as AED 2350 per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until 30 November, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more.* Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Medina and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice. Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective 1 November 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from 1 December 2016. *Terms & Conditions Apply. For more information, contact Etihad Holidays: 800 844 7893  STC 800 850 0026 – Non STC – Ends – About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising four business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, 117 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of 123 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: www.etihad.com For enquiries, please contact the Etihad Airways press office: Laila Al Tarawneh Action Kuwait – Part of Action Global Communications Telephone: +965 2491 5616 © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story (L-R) Murtada, Al Mansoori, AlMuhairy, Al Bulooki, Al Ragadi and AlKhlaifi at the welcome ceremony Etihad B787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh RIYADH, 16 days ago Etihad Airways’ latest Boeing 787 Dreamliner route was launched today with the state-of-the art aircraft touching down in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.   The occasion was marked with an official welcome ceremony attended by the airline’s senior management led by Hareb Almuhairy, Etihad Airways senior vice president Corporate and International Affairs, together with Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways vice president UAE and GCC Commercial, Sultan AL Mansoori, GCC country manager, Abu Dhabi Tourism & Culture Authority (TCA Abu Dhabi) and Adel Al Ragadi, Terminal Operation manager, King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. The Dreamliner offers more seats and features the airline’s award-winning interiors in a two-class configuration – 28 Business Studios, each providing aisle access and equipped with an in-seat massage and air cushion control system, and 271 Economy Smart Seats with unique ‘fixed wing’ headrests. The aircraft operates on one of the twice-daily flights between Abu Dhabi International Airport and Khalid International Airport.   Mohammad Al Bulooki, Etihad Airways vice president UAE and GCC Commercial, said: “Since its launch in 2004, the route has seen consistently strong passenger growth, and to date, we have carried more than 2.5 million guests between Riyadh and Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways’ decision to offer additional capacity on this important route will undoubtedly be well received in the market. Linking the two capitals of the UAE and Saudi Arabia with the Boeing 787 further underscores the importance of Riyadh and Saudi Arabia to our operations.” Riyadh becomes Etihad Airways’ newest B787 destination this year following the induction of the aircraft on flights to Perth, Dusseldorf and Shanghai, with Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg set to become a Dreamliner route on November 1. Etihad Airways’ current fleet of nine B787s also operates to Singapore, Washington DC, Brisbane and Zurich. The flight schedules provide optimal timings for guests in Abu Dhabi and Riyadh, and convenient connections to and from destinations across key markets in Europe, the Indian subcontinent, North America, Asia and Australia.   The aircraft is equipped with full mobile and wi-fi services as well as the latest Panasonic eX3 in-flight entertainment system featuring seven satellite channels of live TV including BBC World News, Sport 24 and CNN to name a few.   “To experience our world class product, Etihad Holidays and the Hala Group offer our Saudi guests exciting holiday packages which cater to a broad range of interests and include visits to some of the region’s finest beaches, luxury hotels, and the city’s many cultural and sporting attractions,” Al Bulooki added. To mark the launch of the new Boeing 787 to Riyadh, Etihad Holidays is offering fantastic rates on hotel packages with return flights starting from as low as Dh2,350 ($639.7) per person including three nights’ accommodation on twin sharing basis until November 30, 2016. Guests can enhance their travel experience with one or more attractions including Hala Abu Dhabi Signature City Tours, Ferrari World, Yas Water World and many more. Etihad Airways’ flights to Riyadh, Jeddah, Madinah and Dammam are complemented by Saudi codeshare partner flynas, whose dedicated services between Abu Dhabi and both Riyadh and Jeddah provide travelers with even more choice.   Etihad Airways currently operates 14 weekly non-stop flights to and from Riyadh; 21 weekly services to Jeddah; 21 weekly flights to Dammam, in addition to a daily operation to Medina. Other Boeing 787 Dreamliner routes in Etihad Airways’ global network, include: Washington DC, Zurich, Dusseldorf, Shanghai, Singapore, Perth and Brisbane. Effective 1 November 2016, the B787 will operate daily on the Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg route, followed by Abu Dhabi – Tokyo, from December 1, 2016. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Saudi | Dreamliner | Riyadh | Arabia | B787 | Abu | Dhabi | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers Al Faisaliah Hotel summit to feature Como Hotels chef Mövenpick Hotels Jordan wins two top awards Oman Air concludes a successful WTM London GCC airlines should change how they market and sell to customers - study Dine with a difference at Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel & Spa Emirates boosts fleet with new A380, B777 aircraft Turkish Airlines offers GCC passengers special fares to Europe Busy Rooms, Thomas Cook ink strategic agreement 158,714 hotels rooms 'under contract' in ME 90pc of US,UK theme park guests want pre-booking-survey RJ, AccesRail ink key agreement Indonesia first SE Asian nation to announce Dubai Expo participation Hack your way into a flight upgrade Abu Dhabi residents get a glimpse of Korean culture Passenger traffic at DWC surges 161pc in Q3 Aviator Lifestyle to participate at Big Boys Toys exhibition First Group breaks ground on 34-storey Dubai hotel tower Etihad receives top recognition Emirates passengers can get UAE visa via mobile app New sales head for Le Méridien Dubai Hotel & Conference Centre Qatar Airways fined by US for flying over 'prohibited airspace' VR, robots to become the future of theme parks Gulf Air adds Colombo to destination network Air Arabia Q3 net profit up 26pc Trump effect dampens ME tourism to the US Al Futtaim, InterCon ink deal for UAE's largest Holiday Inn Family-friendly staycation at Emirates Park Zoo and Resort Mövenpick Hotel West Bay Doha wins two top honours Emirates Skywards adds The Wall Street Journal to partner list Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Why Can't We Rein In This Ridiculous Military Spending? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donate Subscribe Search Newsletter Magazine Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate Why Can't We Rein In This Ridiculous Military Spending? William Hartung on fear, greed, and the cash cow Congress won't touch. William D. HartungOct. 30, 2016 5:00 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Rodger Mallison/Fort Worth Star-Telegram via ZUMA Press This story first appeared on the TomDispatch website. Through good times and bad, regardless of what's actually happening in the world, one thing is certain: In the long run, the Pentagon budget won't go down. It's not that the budget has never been reduced. At pivotal moments, like the end of World War II as well as the war's end in Korea and Vietnam, there were indeed temporary downturns, as there was after the Cold War. More recently, the Budget Control Act of 2011 threw a monkey wrench into the Pentagon's plans for funding that would go ever onward and upward by putting a cap on the money Congress could pony up for it. The remarkable thing, though, is not that such moments have occurred, but how modest and short-lived they've proved to be. The current DoD budget is roughly $600 billion—more than it was at the peak of Ronald Reagan's massive arms buildup. Take the current budget. It's down slightly from its peak in 2011, when it reached the highest level since World War II, but this year's budget for the Pentagon and related agencies is nothing to sneeze at. It comes in at roughly $600 billion—more than the peak year of the massive arms buildup initiated by President Ronald Reagan back in the 1980s. To put this figure in perspective: Despite troop levels in Iraq and Afghanistan dropping sharply over the past eight years, the Obama administration has still managed to spend more on the Pentagon than the Bush administration did during its two terms in office. What accounts for the Department of Defense's ability to keep a stranglehold on our tax dollars year after endless year? Pillar one supporting that edifice: ideology. As long as most Americans accept the notion that it is the God-given mission and right of the United States to go anywhere on the planet and do more or less anything it cares to do with its military, you won't see Pentagon spending brought under real control. Think of this as the military corollary to American exceptionalism—or just call it the doctrine of armed exceptionalism, if you will. The second pillar supporting lavish military budgets (and this will hardly surprise you): the entrenched power of the arms lobby and its allies in the Pentagon and on Capitol Hill. The strategic placement of arms production facilities and military bases in key states and congressional districts has created an economic dependency that has saved many a flawed weapons system from being unceremoniously dumped in the trash bin of history. Military subcontractors in dozens of states make it hard for Congress to cut or delay even failing programs. Lockheed Martin, for instance, has put together a handy map of how its troubled F-35 fighter jet has created 125,000 jobs in 46 states. The actual figures are, in fact, considerably lower, but the principle holds: Having subcontractors in dozens of states makes it harder for members of Congress to consider cutting or slowing down even a failed or failing program. Take as an example the M-1 tank, which the Army actually wanted to stop buying. Its plans were thwarted by the Ohio congressional delegation, which led a fight to add more M-1s to the budget in order to keep the General Dynamics production line in Lima, Ohio, up and running. In a similar fashion, prodded by the Missouri delegation, Congress added two different versions of Boeing's F-18 aircraft to the budget to keep funds flowing to that company's St. Louis area plant. The one-two punch of an environment in which the military can do no wrong while being outfitted for every global task imaginable, and what former Pentagon analyst Franklin "Chuck" Spinney has called "political engineering," has been a tough combination to beat.   The overwhelming consensus in favor of a "cover the globe" military strategy has been broken from time to time by popular resistance to the idea of using war as a central tool of foreign policy. In such periods, getting Americans behind a program of feeding the military machine massive sums of money has generally required a heavy dose of fear. For example, the last thing most Americans wanted after the devastation and hardship unleashed by World War II was to immediately put the country back on a war footing. The demobilization of millions of soldiers and a sharp cutback in weapons spending in the immediate postwar years rocked what President Dwight Eisenhower would later dub the "military-industrial complex." As Wayne Biddle has noted in his seminal book Barons of the Sky, the US aerospace industry produced an astonishing 300,000-plus military aircraft during World War II. Not surprisingly, major weapons producers struggled to survive in a peacetime environment in which government demand for their products threatened to be a tiny fraction of wartime levels. "We had one underlying element of comfort and reassurance during the war," Lockheed's president wrote. "We knew we'd get paid for anything we built." Lockheed President Robert Gross was terrified by the potential impact of war's end on his company's business, as were many of his industry cohorts. "As long as I live," he said, "I will never forget those short, appalling weeks" of the immediate postwar period. To be clear, Gross was appalled not by the war itself, but by the drop off in orders occasioned by its end. He elaborated in a 1947 letter to a friend: "We had one underlying element of comfort and reassurance during the war. We knew we'd get paid for anything we built. Now we are almost entirely on our own." The postwar doldrums in military spending that worried Gross so were reversed only after the American public had been fed a steady, fear-filled diet of anti-communism. NSC-68, a secret memorandum the National Security Council prepared for President Harry Truman in April 1950, created the template for a policy based on the global "containment" of communism and grounded in a plan to encircle the Soviet Union with US military forces, bases, and alliances. This would, of course, prove to be a strikingly expensive proposition. The concluding paragraphs of that memorandum underscored exactly that point, calling for a "sustained buildup of US political, economic, and military strength…[to] frustrate the Kremlin design of a world dominated by its will." Sen. Arthur Vandenberg put the thrust of this new Cold War policy in far simpler terms when he bluntly advised President Truman to "scare the hell out of the American people" to win support for a $400 million aid plan for Greece and Turkey. His suggestion would be put into effect not just for those two countries but to generate support for what President Eisenhower would later describe as "a permanent arms establishment of vast proportions." Industry leaders like Lockheed's Gross were poised to take advantage of such planning. In a draft of a 1950 speech, Gross noted, giddily enough, that "for the first time in recorded history, one country has assumed global responsibility." Meeting that responsibility would naturally mean using air transport to deliver "huge quantities of men, food, ammunition, tanks, gasoline, oil and thousands of other articles of war to a number of widely separated places on the face of the earth." Lockheed, of course, stood ready to heed the call. The next major challenge to armed exceptionalism, and to the further militarization of foreign policy, came after the disastrous Vietnam War, which drove many Americans to question the wisdom of a policy of permanent global interventionism. That phenomenon would be dubbed the "Vietnam syndrome" by interventionists, as if opposition to such a military policy were a disease, not a position. Still, that "syndrome" carried considerable, if ever decreasing, weight for a decade and a half, despite the Pentagon's Reagan-inspired arms buildup of the 1980s. With the 1991 Persian Gulf War, Washington decisively renewed its practice of responding to perceived foreign threats with large-scale military interventions. That quick victory over Iraqi autocrat Saddam Hussein's forces in Kuwait was celebrated by many hawks as the end of the Vietnam-induced malaise. Amid victory parades and celebrations, President George H.W. Bush would enthusiastically exclaim, "And, by God, we've kicked the Vietnam syndrome once and for all." However, perhaps the biggest threat since World War II to an "arms establishment of vast proportions" came with the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, also in 1991. How to mainline fear into the American public and justify Cold War levels of spending when that other superpower, the Soviet Union, the primary threat of the previous nearly half-century, had just evaporated and there was next to nothing threatening on the horizon? General Colin Powell, then chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, summed up the fears of that moment within the military and the arms complex when he said, "I'm running out of demons. I'm running out of villains. I'm down to Castro and Kim Il-sung." In reality, he underestimated the Pentagon's ability to conjure up new threats. Military spending did indeed drop at the end of the Cold War, but the Pentagon helped staunch the bleeding relatively quickly before a "peace dividend" could be delivered to the American people. Instead, it put a firm floor under the fall by announcing what came to be known as the "rogue state" doctrine. Resources formerly aimed at the Soviet Union would now be focused on "regional hegemons" like Iraq and North Korea. After the 9/11 attacks, the rogue-state doctrine morphed into the Global War on Terror (GWOT), which neoconservative pundits soon labeled "World War IV." The heightened fear campaign that went with it, in turn, helped sow the seeds for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, which was promoted by visions of mushroom clouds rising over American cities and a drumbeat of Bush administration claims (all false) that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction and ties to Al Qaeda. Some administration officials including Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld even suggested that Saddam was like Hitler, as if a modest-sized Middle Eastern state could somehow muster the resources to conquer the globe. The administration's propaganda campaign would be supplemented by the work of right-wing corporate-funded think tanks like the Heritage Foundation and the American Enterprise Institute. And no one should be surprised to learn that the military-industrial complex and its money, its lobbyists, and its interests were in the middle of it all. Take Lockheed Martin Vice President Bruce Jackson. In 1997, he became a director of the Project for the New American Century and so part of a gaggle of hawks including future Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, his future boss Donald Rumsfeld, and future Vice President Dick Cheney. In those years, PNAC would advocate the overthrow of Saddam Hussein as part of its project to turn the planet into an American military protectorate. Many of its members would, of course, enter the Bush administration in crucial roles and become architects of the GWOT and the invasion of Iraq. A DoD spokesman recently admitted that more than half of the Pentagon's $59 billion "war budget" is being used to pay for nonwar costs. The Afghan and Iraq wars would prove an absolute bonanza for contractors as the Pentagon budget soared. Traditional weapons suppliers like Lockheed Martin and Boeing prospered, as did private contractors like Dick Cheney's former employer, Halliburton, which made billions providing logistical support to US troops in the field. Other major beneficiaries included firms like Blackwater and DynCorp, whose employees guarded US facilities and oil pipelines while training Afghan and Iraqi security forces. As much as $60 billion of the funds funneled to such contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan would be "wasted," but not from the point of view of companies for which waste could generate as much profit as a job well done. So Halliburton and its cohorts weren't complaining. On entering the Oval Office, President Barack Obama would ditch the term "global war on terror" in favor of "countering violent extremism"—and then essentially settle for a no-name global war. He would shift gears from a strategy focused on large numbers of "boots on the ground" to an emphasis on drone strikes, the use of Special Operations forces, and massive transfers of arms to allies like Saudi Arabia. In the context of an increasingly militarized foreign policy, one might call Obama's approach "politically sustainable warfare," since it involved fewer (American) casualties and lower costs than Bush-style warfare, which peaked in Iraq at more than 160,000 troops and a comparable number of private contractors. Recent terror attacks against Western targets—Brussels, Paris, Nice, San Bernardino, Orlando—have offered the national security state and the Obama administration the necessary fear factor that makes the case for higher Pentagon spending so palatable. This has been true despite the fact that more tanks, bombers, aircraft carriers, and nuclear weapons will be useless in preventing such attacks. The majority of what the Pentagon spends, of course, has nothing to do with fighting terrorism. But whatever it has or hasn't been called, the war against terror has proven to be a cash cow for the Pentagon and contractors like Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon. The "war budget"—money meant for the Pentagon but not included in its regular budget—has been used to add on tens of billions of dollars more. It has proven to be an effective "slush fund" for weapons and activities that have nothing to do with immediate war fighting and has been the Pentagon's preferred method for evading the caps on its budget imposed by the Budget Control Act. A Pentagon spokesman admitted as much recently by acknowledging that more than half the $58.8 billion war budget is being used to pay for nonwar costs. The abuse of the war budget leaves ample room in the Pentagon's main budget for items like the overpriced, underperforming F-35 combat aircraft, a plane that, at a price tag of $1.4 trillion over its lifetime, is on track to be the most expensive weapons program ever undertaken. That slush fund is also enabling the Pentagon to spend billions of dollars in seed money as a down payment on the department's proposed $1 trillion plan to buy a new generation of nuclear-armed bombers, missiles, and submarines. Shutting it down could force the Pentagon to do what it likes least: live within an actual budget rather than continuing to push its top line ever upward. Trump's "plan," which mirrors a blueprint developed by the Heritage Foundation, could increase Pentagon spending by $900 billion over 10 years. Although rarely discussed because of the focus on Donald Trump's abominable behavior and racist rhetoric, both candidates for president are in favor of increasing Pentagon spending. Trump's "plan" (if one can call it that) hews closely to a blueprint developed by the Heritage Foundation that, if implemented, could increase Pentagon spending by a cumulative $900 billion over the next decade. The size of a possible buildup under Hillary Clinton is less clear, but she has also pledged to work toward lifting the caps on the Pentagon's regular budget. If that were done, and the war fund continued to be stuffed with non-war-related items, the Pentagon and its contractors will be sitting pretty. As long as fear, greed, and hubris are the dominant factors driving Pentagon spending (no matter who is in the White House), substantial and enduring budget reductions are essentially inconceivable. A wasteful practice may be eliminated here or an unnecessary weapons system cut there, but more fundamental change would require taking on the fear factor, the doctrine of armed exceptionalism, and the way the military-industrial complex is embedded in Washington. Only such a culture shift would allow for a clear-eyed assessment of what constitutes "defense" and how much money would be needed to provide it.  Unfortunately, the military-industrial complex that Eisenhower warned Americans about more than 50 years ago is alive and well, and gobbling up your tax dollars at an alarming rate. William D. Hartung is the director of the Arms and Security Project at the Center for International Policy. His latest book is Prophets of War: Lockheed Martin and the Making of the Military-Industrial Complex. Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. Related The Budget Deal Is a Big Win for the Pentagon Dave Gilson Behold the Pentagon’s Amazing, Nuclear-Powered ATM Andrew Cockburn How Trump Went Bust and Got Rich Using Other People's Money: A Timeline Max J. Rosenthal Top News Construction Halts on Dakota Access Pipeline Wes Enzinna The VA Just Dealt a Big Blow to Transgender Veterans Samantha Michaels How Paula Jones Paved the Way for Donald Trump to Be Repeatedly Dragged Into Court as President Stephanie Mencimer SIGN UP view comments About Us | Store Donate | Subscribe Customer Service Advertise Copyright ©2016 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + Global Village 2016 Global Village Photos Global Village Videos + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Americas News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Americas India | Pakistan | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > International > Americas American Airlines plane engine flings debris in rare failure Reuters/Washington Filed on October 30, 2016 Share More > Vote (Reuters) Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 3,000 feet (915 meters), or about half a mile, south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records.   Share More > Vote MORE FROM International India 910 rape cases reported in Kerela six months Of them, 2332 were cases of molestation, 190 cases of eve teasing and ... READ MORE India Normal life affected in Kashmir valley for 114th... Normal life continued to remain affected in the rest of the Valley... READ MORE India WATCH: Dubai-based Pakistani girl's Malayalam... She also apologizes for probable errors that could creep up in... READ MORE India Now, gold coins for culling stray dogs This year, 53,000 people had to take treatment for dog bites in... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Energy UAE petrol prices to increase in November Unleaded gasoline 98 will cost Dh1.90, up from Dh1.81 per litre in... READ MORE Crime Lifeguard accused of sexually abusing 6-year-old... The accused was caught on the hotel's CCTV following the boy and... READ MORE Europe New strong earthquake hits Italy, buildings... There were no immediate reports of injuries or casualties from the... READ MORE Americas American Airlines plane engine flings debris in... Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the... READ MORE   Popular Voted Saudi Arabia Houthis Makkah missile attack is atrocious: Arab Parliament 92723 views | 28 October 2016 Crime Man murdered by wife, lover in Dubai love triangle case 26362 views | 29 October 2016 General Latecomers in UAE beware: 5 minutes = Dh10,000 23200 views | 27 October 2016 General WATCH: Yellow watermelon with spells found in Sharjah 18059 views | 30 October 2016 General EXCLUSIVE: Emirati girl motivated by Shaikh Mohammed's visit 14916 views | 28 October 2016 General 35-year-old fetus found in 73-year-old woman's body 12795 views | 29 October 2016 India Indian man sexually assaults sleeping teen on UK flight 12612 views | 29 October 2016 General Drone disrupts air traffic at Dubai Airport, 22 flights diverted 10748 views | 29 October 2016 India Human poop falls from planes near Delhi airport 7765 views | 30 October 2016 Dubai WATCH: How Dubai Police handle horrible road accidents 7545 views | 28 October 2016 General A Pakistani's journey from labourer to photographer in UAE 6746 views | 28 October 2016 India WATCH: Dubai-based Pakistani girl's Malayalam song goes viral 6555 views | 30 October 2016 General Happy news for UAE's private sector 5752 views | 29 October 2016 India Teacher held on charge of sexually abusing teenage boy 4986 views | 29 October 2016 Weather Weather forecast: Chances of rain in parts of UAE 4342 views | 30 October 2016 Dubai Historic day: Water flows through Dubai Canal for first time 237 votes | 24 October 2016 General WATCH: Cute girl's imitation of Dubai's Shaikh Mohammed wins his heart 158 votes | 27 October 2016 Education The REAL reason DPS Academy is shutting down 145 votes | 23 October 2016 Sharjah Police suspect short circuit as reason for Sharjah villa fire 133 votes | 23 October 2016 Cricket Kohli breaks two Tendulkar records in a single day 119 votes | 23 October 2016 Dubai Dubai billionaire's D5 Rolls Royce fined for wrong parking 115 votes | 25 October 2016 Sharjah Sharjah man cuts off genitals for being forced to remarry 115 votes | 25 October 2016 Crime Man arrested for sharing viral video of Dubai billionaire's wrongly parked car 108 votes | 27 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Khalifa, Mohammed, Hamdan, Fatima born to one mum 107 votes | 23 October 2016 Bollywood Ae Dil Hai Mushkil review: Old formula with a comic twist 87 votes | 27 October 2016 Dubai Indian in coma for 17 months, brother struggles with repatriation 84 votes | 24 October 2016 Europe Nanny beheads disabled 4-year-old child 81 votes | 24 October 2016 Mobiles And the cheapest iPhone 7 in the UAE is at... 75 votes | 23 October 2016 MENA Former Qatari Emir Shaikh Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani dies 69 votes | 23 October 2016 Mobiles WhatsApp now has video calling but... 68 votes | 25 October 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
null
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Wednesday | November 16, 2016 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Nov 16, 02:40 am Beauty and the Beast - first official trailer releases Nov 16, 02:26 am Down syndrome 'Be Beautiful' fashion show raises $2.1 million Nov 16, 01:00 am 'Bowie music, Bowie style' London concert to celebrate late singer Nov 16, 12:52 am Kensington Palace announces details of Princess Diana fashion exhibition Nov 16, 12:32 am Michelle Obama responds to everyone begging her to run for president Nov 16, 12:27 am Earthquake jolts Islamabad, Lahore and KP Nov 15, 11:52 pm VW reaches 3.0l diesel agreement with EPA: report   American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure October 30, 2016, 11:18 am SHARE : Reuters Tweet An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. The General Electric (GE.N) engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing (BA.N) 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 3,000 feet (915 meters), or about half a mile, south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records. Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS October 06, 2015, 4:12 pm American Airlines Pilot dies while flying plane, co-pilot lands safely September 15, 2015 American Airlines sends wrong plane to Hawaii May 20, 2011 Fiat engine wins Intl Engine of the Year November 06, 2010 Engine failure causes plane crash; 21 dead MORE IN INTERNATIONAL November 15, 2016, 8:40 pm Twitter rolls out tool to curb online abuse, bullying November 15, 2016, 8:15 pm Integrate or face populist fury, London mayor warns November 15, 2016, 8:09 pm Hundreds return to Turkish city after eight-month curfew November 15, 2016, 7:57 pm Spike in murders seen after Florida self-defense law: study Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented ‘Will represent other country if Pakistan doesn’t give ... Pak-Turk school teachers to be deported as Erdogan visits ... Science college professor shot dead in Lahore's Wahdat ... Michelle Obama responds to everyone begging her to run for ... The Trump presidency is defacing the country. It’s an ... LATEST COMMENTS Eddied very insightful article that says it like it really is... Eddied clearly the writer is one of these radical liberals who really don't understand that there is a large group of conservative voters who don't agree with the left wing perspective...luckily america has ... Eddied it is refreshing to hear positive agenda for the betterment of Pakistan's future...much better than the mullahs agenda to drag Pakistan back to the dark ages of sharia... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied very insightful article that says it like it really is... Eddied clearly the writer is one of these radical liberals who really don't understand that there is a large group of conservative voters who don't agree with the left wing perspective...luckily america has ... Eddied it is refreshing to hear positive agenda for the betterment of Pakistan's future...much better than the mullahs agenda to drag Pakistan back to the dark ages of sharia... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2016, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion MILE HIGH SEXTS BA pilot suspended over alleged cockpit sex photos in stockings taken at 38,000 feet Captain Colin Glover, 51, denies he is the pervy pilot pictured pleasuring himself mid-flight Exclusive BY MICHAEL HAMILTON 30th October 2016, 2:21 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments A BA pilot has been suspended amid claims he pleasured himself wearing stockings in the cockpit at 38,000 feet. Captain Colin Glover, 51, was removed from flying duties after we alerted bosses to a series of sordid images seemingly shot in a Boeing 777 on a long-haul flight. Supplied 8 A BA pilot has been suspended over these pictures which appear to show a pilot masturbating in a cockpit Supplied 8 Glover has denied that the pictures of the pilot in the cockpit are of him They reveal a pervy airman in stockings taking lurid selfies of his aroused manhood. One image shows a leg sprawled over the dashboard while the plane appears to be on autopilot and with the co-pilot’s seat empty. In another, an airman spreads his stocking-clad legs over the joystick while revealing himself. Supplied 8 The pilot in question is sporting stockings in the pictures Supplied 8 Pornographic magazines were laid open across the craft’s controls A further sordid snap shows the man with his genitals exposed in a cabin’s toilet. Other images show a pornographic magazine spread on the controls and explicit playing cards scattered around the cockpit. Serial numbers on the control panel suggest the pictures were taken aboard at least two separate British Airways planes. Supplied 8 Colin Glover denies he is the pilot in the pictures The airline confirmed yesterday it was probing the images — and whether they were taken feet from passengers mid-flight. BA said: “We are taking these allegations extremely seriously.” PA 8 British Airways are now investigating the alleged sexting over fears they were taken mid-flight, which would be hugely dangerous Twice-married dad Glover — a BA Captain since 1990 — is thought to have denied to bosses the pictures are of him. But he is likely to be permanently grounded if they disagree. A senior airline source said investigators would examine whether the images could have been shot in a flight simulator. Getty Images 8 The cockput of a Boeing 777, used by BA, looks similar to the one in the pictures One of the serial numbers visible — GYMMB — is used on BA’s simulators. But it is also registered to a twin-engine Boeing. The other — GVIIL — is also one of the 777 fleet used by BA. Airline expert Chris Yates said yesterday: “This is very dangerous if the plane is in mid-flight. “If you are flying, you can fly into serious turbulence. related stories fighter near-miss Russian and US planes so close pilot 'could feel it's jet wash as it passed by' MIND OVER MATTER Paralysed people pilot thought-controlled robotic body from 6,000 miles away PANIC AT 30000FT BA pilots among 25 passengers and crew rushed to hospitals for smoke inhalation FLIGHT TO DEATH ‘Suicidal’ Jordanian student pilot ‘deliberately’ crashes plane into high street in fireball REAL-LIFE IRON MAN Incredible moment pilot wearing a JETPACK takes to the skies above London “This person is in danger of losing his aircraft and his job.” He said it was unlikely the pictures were taken on a simulator. Chris added: “You can tell by the lighting it is a plane. “There is also more going on in the control panels than on a ­simulator. It looks a live aircraft.” A former BA pilot also said there were not toilets like the one seen in one of the pictures on the airline’s simulators. 8 Flight expert Chris Yates said he believes the pictures are taken on a plane, not a simulator Glover, who has a grown-up son, regularly takes control of 777s on long-haul flights to destinations including America, the Caribbean and the Far East. He was born in Windsor, Berks, went to uni in Edinburgh and lives in Dublin. The Sun last week revealed a first class BA passenger was arrested amid claims he used a phone to film up a stewardess’ skirt. Last night, Glover’s lawyer denied the pictures were of him.   Dramatic footage shows a British Airways flight abort its landing in Vancouver at the very last second Topics British Airways Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News DETENTION DEATH Asthma-suffering schoolboy, 14, collapses in detention and dies 'after asking for his inhaler' News TEEN FOUND Missing schoolboy, 15, who left note saying he was 'bored of life' has been found safe and well News Exclusive WATCH OUT ALAN SUGAR Entrepreneur aged just 14 nets £2million after selling land he bought from flogging tax discs News Video '18 YEARS DOWN THE F***ING DRAIN' Moment jilted husband using a DRONE breaks down as he 'catches wife cheating' News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Exclusive DOCTOR'S STRIKE Shocking moment NHS medic 'attacks patient' he's treating in A&E in filming bust-up News THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News IT'S ABOUT TIME Work begins to put 'giant shield' over site of world's worst nuclear disaster at Chernobyl News Most Popular Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Oh baby! Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sends fans into a frenzy with shock pregnancy tweet TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Revealed getting (it) on a bit This is how often you should have sex, according to how old you are Living Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured WHO'S THAT GIRL? Meet the three girls joining the Geordie Shore cast including a familiar face from Ex On The Beach TV & Showbiz NEV WIELDS AXE Gary Neville names his best Man Utd starting XI - and there are TWO shock omissions Football Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News IS YOUR M&S CLOSING? List of M&S stores thought to be under threat is revealed - so is YOUR local facing the axe? Living knight fright Shocking moment Beverley Knight collapses on stage at Children in Need show... but BBC edits it out TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Sun Oct 30, 2016 | 8:01am IST American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure A passenger arrives to check in for an American Airlines filght at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.October 28, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young By Alwyn Scott and Tim Hepher An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 3,000 feet (915 meters), or about half a mile, south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records. (Writing by Steve Gorman and Frank McGurty; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Mary Milliken) Next In World News Navy reaches quake-hit New Zealand town WELLINGTON Two New Zealand navy vessels on Wednesday reached a small South Island town cut off for more than two days by a devastating earthquake, bringing supplies of food and water and plans to evacuate hundreds of stranded tourists and residents. Corrected - Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open (The story was refiled to correct paragraph nine to read Sarkozy, not Macron) Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted OKLAHOMA CITY A Southwest Airlines employee was fatally shot at Oklahoma City's main airport on Tuesday, prompting authorities to halt flights and impose a shelter in place order to allow police to search for a suspect. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Banks to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds National Plane Engine Fails at O’Hare, Flings Debris Thousands of Feet Plane Engine Fails at O’Hare, Flings Debris Thousands of Feet Saturday, October 29, 2016 at 10:22 pm | כ"ז תשרי תשע"ז Chicago firefighters at the fire-damaged American Airlines jet at O’Hare Airport on Friday. (Antonio Perez/ Chicago Tribune/Chicago Tribune via AP) (Reuters ) - An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the “uncontained” failure,” in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine’s outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O’Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane’s cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire-department officials said on Friday that the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said that the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. “That’s a lot of runway to have left,” she said. In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a UPS warehouse nearly 3,000 feet, or about half a mile, south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O’Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues as to what caused the failure. This video screencap shows smoke rising after an engine failure on an American Airlines jet (background) sparked a fire at O’Hare Airport on Friday. (Robocast.com/Handout via Reuters) American declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance on Saturday, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O’Hare assisting in the investigation, GE’s Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of “industry-leading levels of reliability,” Kennedy said. The O’Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in a little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records. Filed under: Airplane, Airport, Chicago, Fire Print Email Gmail Related Russian Rescue Teams Comb Debris-Laden Plane Crash Site NTSB: Plane Parts Found in San Francisco Bay FAA: NYC-Bound Plane Diverted After Lightning Strike Boeing Advises About Engine-Icing Problems Small Plane Rolls Off Runway at Albany Airport, Pilot Unhurt Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in National Pipeline Company Seeks Court Permission to Proceed With Plan AAA Predicting Biggest Thanksgiving Travel Rush in Nine Years Never Mind Closing Guantanamo, Trump Might Make It Bigger At Least 1 Person Shot at OKC Airport, Flights Halted Trump Advisers Eye Reviving Nevada’s Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Dump OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure By Reuters Published: 21:50 EST, 29 October 2016 | Updated: 21:50 EST, 29 October 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott and Tim Hepher Oct 29 (Reuters) - An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 3,000 feet (915 meters), or about half a mile, south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records. (Writing by Steve Gorman and Frank McGurty; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Mary Milliken) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Search American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure by Reuters Sunday, 30 October 2016 00:49 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular INTERVIEW-U.S. will be 'rogue' state if it ditches climate accord - UN envoy First U.S. transgender soldiers make gender transition after policy shift Stateless limbo ends as 3,000 'legal ghosts' in the Philippines get nationality Thorny issue of who will pay for climate damage simmers at UN talks As climate change uproots communities, innovation can rescue culture (Adds smoke entered cabin; plane halted 3,000 feet from end of runway) By Alwyn Scott and Tim Hepher Oct 29 (Reuters) - An American Airlines jet engine that failed seconds before takeoff in a fiery runway accident at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport flung broken turbine parts as far as half a mile from the scene, a federal investigator said on Saturday. Disclosure of the "uncontained" failure," in which internal engine parts breach the protective housing designed to keep them safely enclosed, even in a breakdown, came a day after a mishap that authorities said neared the point of disaster but caused no serious injuries. Shrapnel escaping from the engine's outer cover can tear through the cabin or rupture fuel tanks in the wings. Such engine failures are extremely rare, and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigators were looking for clues as to whether the fault lay with the engine itself, with its manufacture or a freak event such as debris on the runway entering the engine. The General Electric engine that powered the plane was a workhorse model known as the CF6, introduced decades ago, GE spokesman Rick Kennedy told Reuters on Saturday. The American Airlines plane engine dates from the 1980s or 1990s, and had been serviced by the airline, he said. American Airlines Flight 383, a twin-engine Boeing 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down a runway for departure when the right-side engine failed, forcing the crew to abort takeoff, authorities said. Leaking jet fuel caught fire under the wing, as the crew evacuated passengers via emergency exit chutes from the left side of the plane, and fire crews arrived to begin pouring foam on the flames within minutes. One flight attendant and 19 passengers suffered minor injuries in their escape. NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday that while flames never breached the plane's cabin, some smoke did, though city fire officials have said no one suffered from smoke inhalation or burns. City fire department officials said on Friday the plane was 15 to 20 seconds from becoming airborne, fully loaded with 43,000 pounds of jet fuel. Ward said the aircraft stopped about 3,000 feet from the end of the runway. "That's a lot of runway to have left," she said. FAR-FLUNG ENGINE DEBRIS In a sign of the intensity of the engine breakdown, at least two pieces of a stage-2 high-pressure turbine disk were flung from the scene. One was found at a United Parcel Service warehouse nearly 3,000 feet (915 meters), or about half a mile, south of the accident site. Another was found three-tenths of a mile to the north on airport property, NTSB investigator Lorenda Ward told reporters at O'Hare on Saturday. She said the escaped engine parts would be shipped to a lab for examination, and the crippled right engine would be sent to a GE facility to be dismantled and examined there for clues to what caused the failure. American on Saturday declined to provide details about the aircraft, engine or maintenance, referring questions to the NTSB. Officials from GE Aviation, Boeing and American Airlines were on the scene at O'Hare assisting in the investigation, GE's Kennedy said. The CF6 was introduced in the 1970s, and more than 4,000 are currently in service on seven different wide-body jetliner models, including the Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300 and A330, according to GE. The engine has racked up more than 400 million flight hours and has a record of "industry-leading levels of reliability," Kennedy said. The O'Hare incident marks the third uncontained GE engine failure in little over a year, following a British Airways Boeing 777 in September 2015 and a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 in August. Both aircraft used different engines, the GE90 and CMF56, made by a joint venture of GE and Safran of France. In a full-power ground test situation in 2006, an American Airlines 767 with GE CF6 engines suffered an uncontained failure, according to a summary produced by the Aviation Safety Network, a service of the Flight Safety Foundation, an international nonprofit based in Alexandria, Virginia. The high pressure turbine of the CF6-80A engine used on the 767 has been cited in six regulatory actions by the Federal Aviation Authority since 1986, FAA records show. The most recent, in 2009, required airlines to remove an engine rotor within 30 days and reduced the allowed lifespan of an engine disk, conditions that could lead to cracks and uncontained engine failure, according to FAA records. (Writing by Steve Gorman and Frank McGurty; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Mary Milliken) Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE NEWS Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable Original Thousands donate to Planned Parenthood in name of anti-abortion U.S. vice president-elect Trump looks to Bush-era for new head of U.S. environmental agency About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Trump rewards loyalty, considers economic picks as he molds Cabinet Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Conflicts over land in India stall projects worth billions of dollars - report Denver to become first U.S. city to legalize social marijuana use Dakota Access pipeline protests spread, firms fight back Join Us Comments Close American Airlines plane engine flung debris in rare failure We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus

null
null
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion the last blast St Maarten airport will no longer see packed 747 jumbo jets buzz its famous beach Crowds gather on sand, cameras at the ready, as last flights skim their heads before precariously touching down by shore by clare baldwin 31st October 2016, 8:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE hair-raising sight of mighty Boeing 747s skimming a beach before touching down on St Maarten is no more. It’s the end of an era for KLM’s 747 flights to the Dutch Caribbean island which boasts one of the world’s most terrifying approaches. Getty Images 4 Thrilling sight of KLM Boeing 747 within feet of the beach on St Maarten   KLM Boeing 747 plane approaches Princess Juliana International Airport in St Maarten   Getty Images 4 Crowds get blasted by jet engines as they snap away Friday was the last chance for crowds to gather on Maho beach, cameras in hand, to watch the aircraft skimming their heads at just 100ft on approach to Princess Juliana International Airport. RELATED STORIES Lift it like beckham Harper Beckham looks adorable as she hitches a lift though LAX airport from dad David MALTA AIRPORT BLAST A huge explosion followed by a series of smaller blasts rocked the busy airport Runway drama Passengers evacuated from plane after Boeing 767 bursts into flames at Chicago's O'Hare Airport GREG CLARK PM was a kid in '68 when airport expansion was first suggested... we need new runway now more than ever GOLDSMITH & KIPPERS Ukip refuse to field candidate against Zac Goldsmith after his resignation over Heathrow runway The jets have been flying to St Maarten and touching down on its astonishing beachside runway since 1990. Getty Images 4 Jets skim the beach at just 100 ft   Alamy 4 KLM 747s are being replaced by a smaller Airbus The airport will now be receiving a smaller Airbus with 243 passengers, nearly half what the four-engine 747s could seat. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics KLM 747 boeing flight KLM Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News DETENTION DEATH Asthma-suffering schoolboy, 14, collapses in detention and dies 'after asking for his inhaler' News TEEN FOUND Missing schoolboy, 15, who left note saying he was 'bored of life' has been found safe and well News Exclusive WATCH OUT ALAN SUGAR Entrepreneur aged just 14 nets £2million after selling land he bought from flogging tax discs News Video '18 YEARS DOWN THE F***ING DRAIN' Moment jilted husband using a DRONE breaks down as he 'catches wife cheating' News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Exclusive DOCTOR'S STRIKE Shocking moment NHS medic 'attacks patient' he's treating in A&E in filming bust-up News THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News IT'S ABOUT TIME Work begins to put 'giant shield' over site of world's worst nuclear disaster at Chernobyl News Most Popular Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Oh baby! Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sends fans into a frenzy with shock pregnancy tweet TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Revealed getting (it) on a bit This is how often you should have sex, according to how old you are Living Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured WHO'S THAT GIRL? Meet the three girls joining the Geordie Shore cast including a familiar face from Ex On The Beach TV & Showbiz NEV WIELDS AXE Gary Neville names his best Man Utd starting XI - and there are TWO shock omissions Football Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News IS YOUR M&S CLOSING? List of M&S stores thought to be under threat is revealed - so is YOUR local facing the axe? Living knight fright Shocking moment Beverley Knight collapses on stage at Children in Need show... but BBC edits it out TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement The Union reports that 53.86 percent of those who cast ballots voted in favor of the contract agreement, and 89.21 percent of eligible Southwest Flight Attendants voted. Negotiators for Southwest Airlines and TWU 556, which represents more than 14,500 Southwest Flight Attendants, began contract discussions in 2013. The newly-ratified contract becomes amendable on November 1, 2018. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 98 destinations in the United States and seven additional countries with service to Varadero, Cuba beginning Nov. 13, 2016, and to Havana, Cuba, beginning Dec. 12, 2016, both routes subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency℠, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as “The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-flight-attendants-approve-tentative-agreement-300354227.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com Author ilsPosted on October 31, 2016October 31, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Cognosec AB Awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner Status Next Next post: Chicago’s Continued Bloodbath Is Proof Of Gun Control Failure, Says CCRKBA Search for: Search Recent Posts City Edge Offers Budget Accommodations in Melbourne for People Attending November Events Millennium Corporation Wins Prime Position On $248M B2S2 IDIQ For PEO IEW&S, And Is Awarded Task Orders 0001 And 0002 Totaling Over $35M 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald Northern Advocate submit Navigation Local News Opinion Sport Business Rural Life & Leisure Photos Video Property Residential Listings True Commercial Motoring Cars Classifieds Cars Residential Listings True Commercial Death Notices Celebrations Roger Moroney: A treble of transport issues By Roger Moroney 5:41 AM Tuesday Nov 1, 2016 Add a comment SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Roger Moroney is a staff reporter and columnist with Hawke's Bay Today. PHOTO/DUNCAN BROWN Planes, Trains and Automobiles . . . great name for a movie and the Hollywood folks did it justice back in 1987 through director John Hughes and a couple of comedic hotshots by the names of Steve Martin and John Candy. And so, suitably inspired by such a fine title, I sat outside the other day in the late evening sun and considered my recent contact with all three . . . with the automobiles side of things a case of literally being in contact. What sparked this pursuit of touching upon all three modes of transport began with the planes part of this means of travel trifecta. Prime Minister John Key, who has a marvellous knack of downplaying the otherwise undownplayable, had a bit of an unplanned holiday in Queensland last week. But not the usual spots like Brissie or Surfers or Mooloolaba . . . he stayed in pretty little Townsville way up the top and just south of Cairns. I love that name Townsville because it's so . . Australian. It sounds like the home of Blinky Bill - the little koala bear I used to play with and talk to and cuddle - but only up until I turned 43. It was an unplanned stopover for JK as the great Air Force jet he and his large contingent of followers, catering staff, advisers and members of the media were travelling in struck technical problems. They always call them technical problems. Continued below. Related Content Crash involving a car and truck carrying a house south of Auckland tonight Missing fishermen off Kiribati found alive after more than a week at sea Military planes and ships sent to quake-affected areas In the good old days of piston-engined aircraft they'd report a dropped valve or a cracked piston ring. But such things do not happen to RNZAF Boeing 757s - they get "technical" problems. They tried twice to get airborne for Mumbai, and his engagements there, but the technical problems kept emerging so they called a mechanic and he had it towed to the garage, or whatever. It was not a good look. Yes, technical things happen but apparently with this particular 23-year-old aircraft they have happened before. Nothing major, more annoying I daresay. But I'm sure the Aussies soaked it all up. "You might be able to beat us at rugby but you can't get your PM off the ground." The answer is simple, surely. We have a world acclaimed and respected airline called Air New Zealand and they have lots of really nice planes and they bear our colourful emblems. Why not use one of them? And so to trains. Getting the Napier to Wairoa rail line back into shape and ready to host great trains bearing logs is excellent. It's not just the fact that they will take a big chunk of the heavy transport heat off a highway which in places is not even as accommodating as a suburban street, it's the fact that here is a long-standing and well proven transportation system which, when compared to roads, is surely a lot less maintenance demanding. Railway lines are quite simply practical and they are already in place. Every time I see one rumble through the city bearing 20 or 30 containers I smile and I do not damn it for holding me up behind lights and barrier arms. That's a lot of container trucks not travelling that beautiful Marine Parade. And so to automobiles. We've all heard the stories about how the minute you exit a new car sales room and put a few klicks on the clock the value drops by a grand or so. Well, it drops a whole lot more over 20 years, despite the fact the engine may be faultless and it never fails a WOF and "reg". A couple of weeks back my son and I were in my dear and faithful old Mitsi, parked at a red light, when a less capable member of the driving community decided to try and cut in front of another vehicle right in front of us. They both had a green but he tried to make an impossible turn, and the impact sent his car into our stationary and innocent one, stoving in the front and the rear as we were punched back into the equally unfortunate car behind us. Result? Well, it is set to written off. It is dinged but driveable but the repair cost outweighs what the insurance assessing crew reckon it is now worth. Put it this way - it is now valued at a fraction of the $8500 I first insured it for. But guess what? While the insurance crew reduced its replacement value as the years ticked by they didn't do the same for the premiums I still had to pay. I worked it out. I've paid over $10,000 to keep it insured, which means for a crash where I was the innocent party I'm now effectively about $9000 out of pocket and soon to be car-less. It's vital to have insurance but whoa. - Hawkes Bay Today By Roger Moroney Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Have your say 1200 characters left By and large our readers' comments are respectful and courteous. We're sure you'll fit in well. View commenting guidelines. Post comment to Facebook Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received, you need to verify your registration before the comment can be moderated Please check your inbox and click the verification link to complete the registration. Once you login, you can post further comments and view comments made in your profile. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Comment posted Thank you for sharing your views. Your comment has been received. There may be a delay before it appears on the site due to high volumes and comment moderation on some articles; however we endeavour to post all your views, within reason, so please check back later Continue posting to Facebook Post another comment Loading Discover more Loading Northern Advocate Services Book your ad Driven Property True Commercial Photos for sale Promotions Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Half-marathon test for Paralympian It's rare for Northland's Paralympic gold medallist and Wheel Blacks player Cameron Leslie… Hawke's Bay Today The women behind Hastings Women's Refuge From offering shelter in their safe house, advocating for victims, to a 24/7 support… Bay of Plenty Times Williamson back to full fitness Cricket By Peter White Kane Williamson is back to full fitness and looking forward to… Northern Advocate Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter RSS Email Northern Advocate About Us Contact Us Services Photo Sales Subscriber services Online Advertising Print advertising Digital Edition Regional Websites Bay of Plenty Times Hamilton News The Aucklander Stratford Press The Northland Age Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Hawke's Bay Today Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions Group Sites View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 16 Nov 2016 13:36:55 Processing Time: 20ms
November 16, 2016 1236 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:171300 Publish Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2016 19:18:52 GMT Service: Iran Airbus, Boeing contracts at final stage for signature Negotiations and expert studies on contracts with Airbus and Boeing are in their final stage for signature, said the deputy minister of roads and urban development for international affairs. Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan added that the contracts to purchase airplanes from the two companies have reached the final stage with an understanding to begin joint work, IRNA reported. The official said the purchase of 111 aircraft from Airbus at less that $10 billion and 108 planes from Boeing is close to being finalized. The draft contract signed in Paris last year envisaged the production of software and hardware for Airbus planes by Iranian companies in cooperation with office of vice-president for science and technology studies, so the Iranian companies will be placed on the list of Airbus planes spare parts suppliers, Fakhrieh Kashan said. Following the draft agreement, representatives from Airbus came to Iran and an executive committee was set up to conduct expertise works while qualified Iranian companies were tasked with producing spare parts and offering services which meet global standards. He added that the same process is to be pursued for Boeing. The US Treasury Department authorized sales of passenger planes by Airbus and Boeing. Iran Air is to buy more than 200 planes and the delivery is expected to begin by the end of the current year.     KeyWords Airbus singapore IranDaily   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran confiscates 2 tonnes of explosives from Daesh terrorists Iran, China must boost cooperation in fight on terrorism: Rouhani Syria holds pacesetter Iran in wetland Everton joins race for Iran’s Azmoun Iran defeated by Kazakhstan in Asian water polo championship Iran, absent from kabaddi World Cup final Iranian teams capture Asian youth, junior weightlifting titles French MP: Iran’s role in fight against terrorism crucial Iran: Killing of Muslims in Nigeria worrisome Rouhani: Iran, China must boost anti-terror fight Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0628 sec
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Industry, Logistics & Shipping   » Story Masdar’s SBRC to host ‘Seawater Energy’ forum ABU DHABI, 15 days ago The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium (SBRC) will organise the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016, which will be held in Abu Dhabi, UAE, tomorrow (November 1). The event will run until November 2, at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall. SBRC is a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways, and Boeing, as well as Takreer, Safran and General Electric. The event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organised in collaboration with the University of Arizona, said a statement. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture/agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass, it said.   During the forum the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project - the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System (SEAS), it added. The event will aim to strengthen the collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organisations in the field of bioenergy.   Dr Behjat Al Yousuf, interim provost, Masdar Institute, said: “The forum is an excellent platform to discuss the Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts on renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production.” “With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months,” he added. James Hogan, president and chief executive officer, Etihad Aviation Group, said, “Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi.” “The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum,” he added.   The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March on a two-hectare site in Abu Dhabi, it stated. – TradeArabia News Service   Tags: | abu dhabi | agriculture | Masdar | forum | SBRC | More Industry, Logistics & Shipping Stories Alba hosts meeting to review 2016 progress Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers RAK gears up for key investment forum Elite Agro showcases capabilities at Dubai food expo Thuraya launches 'first' dual mode, dual SIM phone Intertek wins PDO supply chain inspection contract DP World wins top honour for greenhouse best practices Top luxury watch show opens in Dubai DMCA signs innovation deal DNV GL Sohar Port container volumes up 11pc in Q3 Viacomms Telecom wins top Avaya recognition NDigitec opens lounge in Dubai Design District EGA to supply high-quality aluminium to BMW Henkel Q3 sales up 3.4pc to $5.1 billion Electric motor sales market to top $127bn by 2021 Samsung to acquire car tech firm Harman for $8bn UAE launches 6-pillar plan to boost industrial tech Siemens expands software business with $4.5bn deal HK telecom group names new GM Ford signs up BlackBerry for security software Abu Dhabi wins bid to host world doctors' summit 42 construction firms win Taqdeer Award Abu Dhabi Ports, Emiroll to build plant in Kizad Coca-Cola launches new 'low-calorie' drink International district cooling conference opens in Dubai GCC project tracker is Knowledge Partner for Gulf Industry Fair Al-Futtaim Motors, Toyota to test hydrogen fuel cells in UAE DP World’s human capital team wins award Agthia acquires Delta Marketing’s water business Reem Mall inks partnership with Dubai Holdings Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Serving machinery & equipment maintenance professionals across Canada News Features Products Events Digital Editions MRO Magazine Food & Beverage Subscribe Advertise News FEAM announces opening of three new line maintenance stations October 31, 2016 MRO Magazine Categories Industry Miami – FEAM Maintenance / Engineering announced its expansion into three new line maintenance locations at Ontario, California (ONT), Richmond, Virginia (RIC), and Allentown, Pennsylvania (ABE). FEAM has leveraged its current bandwidth of over 550 aircraft maintenance technicians to simultaneously open all 3 locations on time for a major cargo operator. FEAM will support Boeing B767 freighters at the new locations effective October 3rd. FEAM will provide an array of line maintenance services, including daily scheduled maintenance support, unscheduled maintenance support, and AOG Tiger Team services at all 3 locations. Each new line operation will be staffed with fully qualified B767 technicians and managers. “We are very excited about the opportunities these new locations represent,” said Dan Allawat, COO. “Our growth trajectory over the years has traditionally led us to major gateway airports where we provide service to world renown domestic and international air carriers. While those markets remain robust for FEAM, these new locations offer us the opportunity to take part in the growing domestic express freight market.” F&E Aircraft Maintenance (FEAM), founded in 1992, is an MRO (Maintenance, Repair, Overhaul) company providing aircraft line maintenance services to a variety of domestic and international air carriers flying transport category aircraft. FEAM employs over 550 Aircraft Maintenance Technicians and Line Maintenance Engineers (LME) throughout the company’s network of 15 domestic line stations. FEAM holds numerous Repair Station certifications from domestic and international aviation regulatory authorities, including the first Japanese Civil Aeronautics Board (JCAB) line maintenance approval awarded to a U.S based MRO. For more information, visit www.feam.aero. Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts New VP of line maintenance named at United Airlines Air Canada to handle Lufthansa maintenance Saab and Canadian firm to provide maintenance for Swedish Coast Guard Spar to handle maintenance overhauls for Hercules aircraft in U.S. Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website More REDWIRE National Tooling & Machining Association recognizes metalworking excellence Industry Forecast – global industrial emission control systems market Services Food & Beverage Digital Edition Subscribe Advertise Contacts View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Popular Webinar: What is the lubricant’s role in energy efficiency? How proper shaft sizes are determined Fabric manufacturer pleads guilty after worker caught in machine Wind turbine manufacturer fined after worker critically injured Industrial supplier steps up measures to improve efficiency in the industrial division Schaeffler AG steps up measures to improve efficiency in industrial business What makes a successful plant shutdown? Manufacturing Network Privacy Policy Sitemap © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
The Mississippi Link Keepers Of The Knowledge For People Who Speak The Truth Since 1993 Home About Us News Briefs News Auto News The Buzz Police Report Buzz Report Buzz Report Videos youReport youReport: Submit your report Opinion Columns Editorials Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter To The Editor Sports Sports News Videos Entertainment Entertainment News Videos Business Business News Videos Education Education News Video Fine Arts Religion Religion News Videos Obituaries/Deaths Obituaries/Deaths News Videos Health Health News Videos Family Medicine Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery e-Edition Subscribe Home Delivery Payments Advertise Payments Media Kit Contact Us American Airlines aborts takeoff in Chicago as engine parts break off, ignite fire October 31, 2016 in News In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport on Friday, Oct. 28, 2016. (Jose Castillo via AP) CHICAGO (AP) — Pilots were forced to abort a takeoff and evacuate passengers from a burning American Airlines flight Friday on a runway at Chicago O’Hare International Airport after the airliner experienced what a federal official said was a rare and serious type of engine failure. American Airlines Flight 383 to Miami experienced an “uncontained engine failure,” in which engine parts break off and are spewed outside the engine, the official said. The official wasn’t authorized to speak publicly about the incident and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity. The danger of such a failure is that engine pieces effectively become shrapnel and can cause extensive damage to the aircraft. Flames and heavy black smoke poured from the side of the Boeing 767 jet as it sat on the runway after the aborted takeoff. Officials said the incident left 21 people injured. Footage from the scene showed passengers coming down emergency slides and hurrying across grass next to the runway as emergency vehicles surrounded the plane. The right wing was drooping toward the ground and appeared to have partially melted. Passenger Sarah Ahmed told WLS-TV the plane was speeding down the runway when she heard an explosion and saw flames and black smoke. She said everyone on the right side of the aircraft jumped from their seats and moved to the left side. “People are yelling, ‘Open the door! Open the door!’ Everyone’s screaming and jumping on top of each other to open the door,” Ahmed said. “Within that time, I think it was seven seconds, there was now smoke in the plane and the fire is right up against the windows, and it’s melting the windows.” The pilots reported an engine-related mechanical issue and aborted the takeoff, according to American Airlines spokeswoman Leslie Scott. The Federal Aviation Administration said in a statement that the plane made an emergency stop around 2:35 p.m. after experiencing a problem during takeoff. An earlier FAA statement said the plane had blown a tire, but officials later deleted that information from the statement. Chicago Deputy Fire Commissioner Timothy Sampey said 20 passengers suffered minor injuries as they used the emergency chutes to evacuate. American, which had earlier said eight people were injured, later confirmed the 20 figure and added that one flight attendant was also injured. Buses were sent to pick up the passengers and bring them back to the terminal, Scott said. The passengers were to be placed on another flight to Miami Friday evening. The National Transportation Safety Board will conduct an investigation into the incident, with investigators expected to arrive on the scene Friday evening, spokesman Keith Holloway said. Uncontained engine failures are unusual thanks to improvements in designs and the metallurgy. There are many possible causes, including overheating, runway debris or large birds that get sucked into the engine or parts that break when they wear out but aren’t replaced during maintenance checks. Tom Walsh, an airline pilot who also works as a security consultant, said that engines that break apart can be especially serious if the parts end up cutting fuel lines or damaging other vital components of the aircraft. But he said even such catastrophic failures don’t necessarily doom a plane — even if a pilot runs out of runway and must take off. “Planes are meant to fly with one engine,” said Walsh, who has also flown Boeing 767s. “We are trained so that we can lose the engine at the worst possible time … and then still successfully take off and land.” One of the best-known incidents of uncontained engine failure occurred in 1989, when 111 people were killed when a United Air Lines DC-10 crashed while making an emergency landing at Sioux City, Iowa. There were 185 survivors. Such engine failures are taken “very seriously” in the aviation industry, said John Cox, a former airline pilot and aviation safety consultant. It’s mandatory that airlines report the failures to the NTSB, he said. “It’s something everyone in aviation safety tracks very carefully,” said Cox, president of Safety Operating Systems. Engines are especially vulnerable to overheating that can cause parts to fail during takeoffs when they are already operating at very high temperatures, said John Goglia, a former National Transportation Safety Board member and expert on aircraft maintenance. The giant blades inside the engines are revolving at about 13,000 rpm, he said. When one comes loose, it’s like firing a bullet, he said. The aircraft involved in Friday’s incident was built in 2003 and is among American’s youngest planes of that model. According to data from FlightGlobal, an aviation news and industry data company, at the start of this year the plane had flown more than 47,000 hours and made more than 7,500 cycles — each takeoff and landing is one cycle. American is flying 767 aircraft that have more than 100,000 hours and 18,000 cycles. Share this: Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Like this: Like Loading... Related Tags: American Airlines Flight 383, engine failure No Comments » ← Police: Manhunt for Oklahoma suspect Michael Vance is over Police try to ID shooter who injured 6 during block party → Leave a Reply Cancel reply News Videos LATEST View the e-Edition online Click above to view the e-Edition Recent Comments John Bevys on CEO of Mississippi-based company chosen for White House Business Council   Gabriel Paul Dennis on Fight to change state flag continues Regina sparks young on IN MEMORIAM: Spiegel “Billy” McCallum Lyndia Johnson Sanyika on Midwifery stories sought Kelly M Stout on Mom gets life for putting baby in oven Events•Happenings Mississippi Link Newspaper Copyright © 2012 The Mississippi Link. Website developed by Ross Publishing & Design %d bloggers like this:
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines November 14, 2016 | British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet November 11, 2016 | Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration November 10, 2016 | Marines Do First-of-its-Kind Maintenance Test with F-35B on Ship November 8, 2016 | US Apache Gunships Back Iraqi Forces in Mosul Offensive November 7, 2016 | WATCH: S-97 Raider Flies with Wheels Up Search for: Home Air Northrop Sees Good Times Ahead for Big Defense Firms TOPICS:B-21Long Range Strike-BomberLRSBNorthrop GrummanRaiderWes Bush An unarmed Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile launches during an operational test Sept. 5, 2016, at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. Northrop Grumman predicts more growth opportunities in its defense forecast as the Pentagon looks to rebuild the ICBM fleet. (U.S. Air Force photo/Michael Peterson) Posted By: Richard Sisk October 31, 2016 Northrop Grumman Corp., which won the contract last year to build the new B-21 “Raider” bomber for the Air Force, reported solid sales and profits in its latest quarterly earnings report and predicted more growth opportunities in its defense forecast as the Pentagon rebuilds. In a report last week and in a conference call with analysts, Northrop CEO and President Wes Bush said the firm would be a major player in the current competition with Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp. to build what the Air Force is now calling the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent to replace the Minuteman III Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles. In the third-quarter, Northrop reported sales of $6.2 billion, a 3-percent increase over third quarter 2015, while earnings rose to $602 million from $516 million, Reuters reported. “Our third quarter results demonstrate that we continue to build a strong foundation for profitable growth over the long term,” Bush said. In a defense forecast, the chief executive officer said the rising sales and profits were expected to continue as the Defense Department invests in new systems and overhauls old ones — despite the gridlock in Congress over the defense budget. “It is an interesting time in that it’s clear that there’s a significant re-capitalization wave that’s underway across a number of our customer communities,” Bush said. “Quite frankly, it’s one that’s been deferred for quite a long time.” The Pentagon was “facing the need to address a number of not only re-capitalizations of older, existing assets,” he said, “but also the need to address what’s going on around the globe in terms of the emergence of more aggressive threat profiles.” Bush cited the need for “the recapitalization of the nuclear infrastructure” with the GBSD to replace the Minuteman IIIs, which have been the backbone of the nation’s nuclear triad. “This too is an imperative for the country given the amount of time it has been since we really invested in our ICBM fleet,” he said. “It’s an area of strong expertise and knowledge-base in our company, so we see that as a really good opportunity.” Last month, at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said of the Minuteman IIIs, “If we don’t replace these systems, quite simply they will age even more and become unsafe, unreliable and ineffective.” The Air Force has estimated that the Minuteman III replacements will cost about $62 billion but Bloomberg News last month, citing the Pentagon’s Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation office, put the price tag at $85 billion. Previous post Next post About the Author Richard Sisk Richard Sisk is a reporter for Military.com. He can be reached at richard.sisk@military.com. Related Articles BAE Protests Army’s CIRCM Contract to Northrop GAO Denies Boeing’s Protest of Air Force’s New Bomber Contract ‘Sneaky McBombFace’ and Other Discarded B-21 Names Air Force Defends Bomber Contract as ‘Proper’ Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @DoDBuzz Recent Posts British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration Marines Do First-of-its-Kind Maintenance Test with F-35B on Ship US Apache Gunships Back Iraqi Forces in Mosul Offensive WATCH: S-97 Raider Flies with Wheels Up Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook
Log out Login User Name Password   Forgot Password   Login Register Now عربي FR The time and date in the UAE: 4:37 AM Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Last Updated November 16, 2016 12:56 AM Bulletin Photos Videos   News Bulletin Reports Photos Videos Archives News Categories Emirates International Economics Sports International Aid Features Miscellaneous You are here: Home > Masdar Institute to host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum Masdar Institute to host Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 31/10/2016 02:24:03 PM Tweet Send Email Please provide your email address Send PicturesVideos ABU DHABI, 31st October, 2016 (WAM) -- The Masdar Institute of Science and Technology’s Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium, SBRC, a non-profit consortium supported by founding members Etihad Airways and Boeing, along with Takreer, SAFRAN and General Electric, today announced it is to organise the first International Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum 2016 in Abu Dhabi. To be held on 1st and 2nd November at the Masdar Institute Multi-Use Hall, the event will include the forum and a workshop on aquaculture and halophytes, to be organised in collaboration with the University of Arizona. The forum will seek to create a knowledge-sharing platform for experts in aquaculture, halophyte agriculture and silviculture, or agroforestry, and the integrated approach for the production of energy and biomass. During the forum, the SBRC will present the work it has been doing over the past few years, especially on its flagship project, the Seawater Energy and Agriculture System, SEAS. The forum will aim to strengthen collaboration among public, private, and non-profit organisations in the field of bioenergy. Dr. Behjat Al Yousuf, Interim Provost, Masdar Institute, said, "The Seawater Energy and Agriculture Forum is an excellent platform to discuss Masdar Institute’s contribution to the UAE’s efforts in renewable energy and in helping address the need for local food production. With the first research facility of its kind in the world, we are addressing energy, water and food-related issues through solutions from our own environment. We believe the SBRC will continue to carry out ground-breaking research work in the coming months." James Hogan, Etihad Aviation Group President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "Our goal is to support and help drive the commercialisation of sustainable aviation fuel in Abu Dhabi. The SBRC has made some important first steps in developing this innovative system for producing sustainable feedstock and we are pleased to support this important knowledge driven forum." The University of Arizona has been assisting Masdar Institute in the development of the Salicornia accessions, which the SBRC is currently using for the project. The US university has also been supporting Masdar Institute with knowledge transfer in halophyte agriculture. The SBRC’s SEAS initiative seeks to address the food security issues of the UAE through the development of an innovative practice of cultivating seafood and biomass for fuel using desert lands irrigated by seawater. The launch of operations of the SEAS pilot farm is another strong step in the evolution of Masdar Institute. The world’s first research facility to grow both food and biomass for fuel, using desert lands irrigated by seawater, began operations in March 2016 on a 2-hectare site in Abu Dhabi. WAM/Hazem/Moran Next Story:Qatari Prime Minister meets Algerian Interior Minister Back to top WAM on Facebook WAM on Twitter Tweets by @wamnews_eng Prayer Times www.awqaf.ae Quick Links About WAM Services Reports Contact Us Feedback Site Map Survey The News Emirates News International News Economy Sports News Multimedia Pictures Videos Photo, Video and Print purchase Newsletter To subscribe to periodic bulletin WAM Newsletter Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions     Emirates News Agency, all rights reserved © 2015

CHINA BRIEFING Enquiries Professional Services Publications & Editorial Need assistance on doing business in Asia? Contact our professionals here Need help with your Publication Store orders? Want to leave a comment or question? Contact us here Language Desk News DE IT FR ES Aktuelle Nachrichten China führt weitumfassende, neue Regeln für die Transfergebühr ein Außenwirtschaftsnews zur Zertifizierung in China Oktober 2016 Notizie Recenti L’occupazione femminile in Cina La business license è ora 5-in-1 Dernières Nouvelles Faux Départ: L’Importance du Dépôt de Marques en Chine Options Disponibles Lors de la Restructuration d’une Entreprise en Chine Últimas Noticias La complejidad de los precios de transferencia en servicios entre empresas Entendimiento los métodos de precios de transferencia y su regulación en China Toggle navigation MENU Home About Us News Personnel Download Brochure Regional Intelligence Publication Store Events Knowledge Sharing Connect with Us OTHER RESOURCES Dezan Shira & Associates Visit Website All about our firm and the services it provides to foreign investors throughout Asia News from Asia Briefing Visit Website China Plans Revamp of its Medical Devices Industry, Date Set for India's GST, and Details of Hong Kong's DTA With Russia China Introduces New Transfer Pricing Rules, India Set to Implement National Education Policy, and Opportunities in ASEAN's Emerging Sharing Economy China Targets Reduced Meat Consumption, India Looks to Allow Foreign Law Firms to Practice, and Malaysia Raises Minimum Wage New 24/7 Trading Law in India, the Philippines to Lower its CIT, and an Analysis of China's e-Waste Crisis China Bans Foreign Investment in Tobacco While More Sectors Open up for 'Automatic' Investment in India News from ASEAN Briefing Visit Website ASEAN Regulatory Brief: Singapore GST Audits, Philippines Dormant Bank Accounts, and Malaysia-China Bilateral Ties ASEAN Market Watch: Malaysia CIT Reduction, Indonesia Ease of Doing Business, and Cambodia Rice Exports Analyzing Myanmar’s New Foreign Investment Law ASEAN Regulatory Brief: Singapore-India Tax Treaty, Foreign Ownership of Property in Indonesia, and Malaysia Halal Food Certification The Guide to Manufacturing in Indonesia – New Issue of ASEAN Briefing Magazine News from China Briefing Visit Website Dezan Shira & Associates Hosts LEA Conference in Shanghai China Market Watch: Alibaba Breaks Singles' Day Record and China to Become Asia Pacific's Largest Cruise Market Q&A: Investing in China's Food and Beverage Industry The Benefits of Cluster Manufacturing – China’s Advantage Upcoming Singles’ Day to Provide Peek into Future of e-Commerce in China News from India Briefing Visit Website India Market Watch: India’s High Currency Demonetization and Abu Dhabhi Global Market (ADGM) Woos Indian Investors City Spotlight: Investing in India’s Hyderabad Indian Government Bans 500, 1000 Currency Denominations to Curb Black Money India Regulatory Brief: Multi-tier GST Structure Finalized and Gujarat Only State to Operationalize the Real Estate Act Role of India’s National Company Law Tribunal News from Indonesia Briefing Visit Website Indonesia Financial Accounting Standard (IFAS) 70 in Support of Tax Amnesty Program Indonesian Stimulus Gets Serious with Major Negative List Revisions Remitting Profits Overseas from Indonesia Understanding Tax Treatment of Representative Offices in Indonesia Setting Sail in the Sea of Java: An Introduction to Indonesian Aquaculture News from Vietnam Briefing Visit Website Trump, Trade, and the Future of the Trans Pacific Partnership Vietnam Regulatory Brief: Cambodian Tariffs, Freight Charges, and Government Optimization in Da Nang Vietnam Set to Update Transfer Pricing Thresholds from 2017 Vietnam Market Watch: Housing Tax, Garment Exports, and Investment in Quang Ninh Vietnam Regulatory Brief: Import Tariffs, Business Fees, and Industrial Liquor Production News from Russia Briefing Visit Website Kazakhstan to Set Up its First Cargo Airline Severstal to Export Chinese Steel to EU to Avoid the Utmost Anti-dumping Tariffs China Propose to Set Free Trade Zone between Shanghai Cooperation Organization Members Soyuz MS-02 to Launch New Crew Into Orbit from Kazakh Steppe Apple Pay to Launch in Russia STORE SUBSCRIBE / LOGIN Email address Password Remember Me Login SUBSCRIBE Forgot your password? SEARCH Search Search Tips Payroll in China VAT Business Advisory E-commerce Show Submenu Business Intelligence from Dezan Shira & Associates News Daily Updates Economy & Trade Human Resources & Payroll Industries Language French German Italian Russian Spanish Legal & Regulatory Marketing & Digital Media Region Central China East China North China South China West China Tax & Accounting Previous Article « China & Russia Propose Vast Eurasian Free Trade Zone & SCO Development Bank Next Article La business license è ora 5-in-1 » China Market Watch: Civil Air Market Open to Private Investment and Railway Investment Targets Met Posted on October 31, 2016 by China Briefing First three quarters see steel exports rise by 2.4%, coal and steel capacity reduction targets met China’s steel exports stood at 85 million metric tons in the first nine months of 2016, up 2.4 percent from the same period last year. This increase has been accredited to Asian countries whose construction demand is high, and will continue to rise due to belt and road projects, with property, transport, environmental management and irrigation infrastructure generating the most demand. For the last quarter of 2016, real estate, construction and machinery manufacture will consume the most steel. The increase in anti-dumping tariffs and other trade frictions have made many steel producing companies focus on direct sales overseas, cutting out trade companies in order to understand firsthand the requirements of buyers. Meanwhile, domestically, China is expected to hit its annual steel output target by the end of this month, following efforts to reduce capacity of heavy commodities. Similar targets for coal are expected to be met by the end of November, according to the National Development and Reform Commission. Over 80 percent of the targeted reductions were met by the steel and coal sectors by the end of this September, with some larger state-owned enterprises already hitting the annual targets, due to strengthened supervision and inspection. China fully opens civilian airport market to private capital            The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) has opened up the country’s civilian airport market to private investment. A guideline granting access allows private investment into all airport projects in the outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Investment and public private partnerships have been encouraged in an effort to improve service quality and efficiency, and no longer require agency approval to fund terminals, logistical facilities and warehousing, ground services, etc. Boeing has estimated that in 20 years, China’s aviation market will become the world’s first to exceed a value of USD 1 trillion, requiring over 6800 new aircrafts to fulfill demand. Currently, numbers of domestic airports are insufficient for the increasing volume of passengers.  Opening the market to foreign investment is hoped to alleviate financial pressure in the country’s efforts to accelerate construction projects. China set to meet annual railway investment target China is set to hit its annual railway investment target, with its fixed-asset investment in the sector reaching RMB 542.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2016, up 10.3 percent from the previous year. This figure was boosted by an increase in state investment, which rose by 12 percent to RMB 517 billion. Railway construction has seen growth since the beginning of the year, and is sure to exceed the fixed asset investment target of RMB 800 billion. There are 45 railway projects set for 2016, adding a further 3,200 kilometer of rail, 1,300 of which will be for high speed railways. China has an extensive and efficient rail system, but has recently looked to its underdeveloped western regions which are behind in construction terms; two further railway projects with a total investment of RMB 79.47 billion have been approved. Plans to spend RMB 3.5 trillion have been drafted to lay over 30,000 km of track in central and western regions within the next five years. About Us Asia Briefing Ltd. is a subsidiary of Dezan Shira & Associates. Dezan Shira is a specialist foreign direct investment practice, providing corporate establishment, business advisory, tax advisory and compliance, accounting, payroll, due diligence and financial review services to multinationals investing in China, Hong Kong, India, Vietnam, Singapore and the rest of ASEAN. For further information, please email china@dezshira.com or visit www.dezshira.com. Stay up to date with the latest business and investment trends in Asia by subscribing to our complimentary update service featuring news, commentary and regulatory insight. Establishing & Operating a Business in China 2016 Establishing & Operating a Business in China 2016, produced in collaboration with the experts at Dezan Shira & Associates, explores the establishment procedures and related considerations of the Representative Office (RO), and two types of Limited Liability Companies: the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise (WFOE) and the Sino-foreign Joint Venture (JV). The guide also includes issues specific to Hong Kong and Singapore holding companies, and details how foreign investors can close a foreign-invested enterprise smoothly in China. An Introduction to Doing Business in China 2016 Doing Business in China 2016 is designed to introduce the fundamentals of investing in China. Compiled by the professionals at Dezan Shira & Associates in June 2016, this comprehensive guide is ideal not only for businesses looking to enter the Chinese market, but also for companies who already have a presence here and want to keep up-to-date with the most recent and relevant policy changesSelling, Sourcing and E-commerce in China 2016 Selling, Sourcing and E-Commerce in China 2016 (First Edition) This guide, produced in collaboration with the experts at Dezan Shira & Associates, provides a comprehensive analysis of all these aspects of commerce in China. It discusses how foreign companies can best go about sourcing products from China; how foreign retailers can set up operations on the ground to sell directly to the country’s massive consumer class; and finally details how foreign enterprises can access China’s lucrative yet ostensibly complex e-commerce market. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Previous Article « China & Russia Propose Vast Eurasian Free Trade Zone & SCO Development Bank Next Article La business license è ora 5-in-1 » Featured News Q&A: Investing in China's Food and Beverage Industry The Benefits of Cluster Manufacturing – China’s Advantage Upcoming Singles’ Day to Provide Peek into Future of e-Commerce in China City Spotlight: Innovation in Shenzhen Chasing China's Outbound Direct Investment News via PR Newswire About China Briefing Overview History Personnel Expert Contributors Social Media Email Newsletter / Subscription Service News Economy & Trade Tax & Accounting Legal & Regulatory Industries Human Resources & Payroll Client Solutions Business Intelligence Creative Design Editorial Marketing Website and Digital Platform Development Regional Intelligence North China Beijing Changchun Dalian Harbin Qingdao Shenyang Tianjin West China Chengdu Chongqing East China Hangzhou Nanjing Ningbo Shanghai Suzhou Wuxi Xiamen South China Dongguan Foshan Guangzhou Hong Kong Huizhou Jiangmen Macau Shenzhen Zhaoqing Zhongshan Zhuhai Publication Store Visit Publications My Account My Order History Products Events Upcoming Events Event Archive Asia Events Global Events Knowledge Sharing Knowledge Sharing Platform International Tax Treaties Podcasts & Webinars Investor Tools Media Partners Partners Partnership Program Connect with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Social Media Regional Business News Share & Follow © 1992-2016 Dezan Shira & Associates All Rights Reserved. Scroll to top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Monday, October 31, 2016  |  Muharram 30 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Emirates is the biggest customer for the Airbus A380, which has become a key plank in the rapid expansion of its global route network. Ollie Dale / AFP Emirates deploys Airbus A380 aircraft on Christchurch and Auckland routes The National staff October 31, 2016 Updated: October 31, 2016 12:45 PM Related A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first WestJet beats expectations on profit A380 the star as Emirates’ superjumbo starts flights to the Land of the Hobbits Emirates A380 to take on world’s longest flight from Dubai to Auckland Emirates reveals 360-degree tour of A380 flight deck – video Topics: Emirates Airline Airbus Emirates has introduced its flagship A380 double-decker aircraft on two New Zealand routes on the same day. The capacity increase on its Christchurch service and its non-stop Dubai-Auckland flight means that Emirates now has an all-A380 offering across its five daily New Zealand services, it said. The Dubai carrier had previously deployed Boeing 777s to the cities. Along with the non-stop route, Emirates also operates three other daily A380 services between Dubai and Auckland through the Australian cities of Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. Emirates this week also revealed it planned to upgrade one of its nine daily flights between Dubai and Doha to an Airbus A380 from December 1. The airline is the biggest customer for the Airbus A380, which has become a key plank in the rapid expansion of its global route network. Still, the manufacturer Airbus plans to reduce the assembly rate of the plane to one per month from 2018, it confirmed. It said the market for the aircraft was "very thin" and that finding new buyers was taking longer than expected. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first WestJet beats expectations on profit A380 the star as Emirates’ superjumbo starts flights to the Land of the Hobbits Emirates A380 to take on world’s longest flight from Dubai to Auckland More Airbus Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe New A320s for biggest Thai budget airline as profits go stratospheric MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ India’s currency move will hit property and gold More Most Viewed Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws At Morocco orphanage, an Emirati project lights up children’s lives Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Travel Why Selfie Sticks Have Become Human Hazard Travel Why Selfie Sticks Have Become Human Hazard Seven Gear & Gadgets That Have Transformed Travel Oct 31, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Unless you just rocketed in from space, you must have come across one or two places that have so far prohibited the use of selfie sticks. Invented as a darling, hassle-free hi-tech assist, the lot has now been labeled a human-hazard, with a death rate overtaking that of deep blue water sharks! A sad ending to it’s triumphant rule in the digital age, and improved travel adventures. Away from the misfortunes and everlasting smartphone goodness, travel.jumia.com brings you some of the gadgets and gears that have really transformed the the wanderers’ escapades. In-flight entertainment technology Gen Y, with their love for Netflix and all things livestream may not understand how anyone can possibly survive an hour or two with no internet connection; a whole hundred and twenty seconds out of touch! Needless to say, an eight-hough long haul with seemingly frozen black and white frozen already sounds like capital punishment. For those who have been across high seas, oceans, mountain peaks and desserts in the underbellies of a Boeing with an entertainment menu that simply stops at snacks and bites, you need to publish an all-telling journal! As for the rest of the generations and I, we look forward to the possibilities of free and fast in-flight wifi. Luggage scale Surprises at the check in lounge can be pleasant; a new friend, a long lost friend or the realization that you are now entering a tax free zone. On the other hand, watching the pointers run down south the scale, as your travel allowance follows suit can be traumatizing! With the advent of luggage scales, such tragedy is pushed back into the stone age; you can now confidently strut into the waiting lounge, knowing very well that your three layers of shoes, boxes of spices and a planet of gadgetry is safe. Travel adapters Until some sort of air-power is invented, we shall gladly rejoice and hail Harvey Hubbel for leading the way in this field. Unlike before, traversing the earth without worrying about running out of power due to issues of compatibility is now an issue that is no longer on the traveler’s life-hack directory. Portable chargers and power cards Carrying your own power reserves is a wise thing to do. This ensures that you do not go out of reach for battery issues, and you can keep every involved soul at peace in the knowledge that they can reach you anytime.Just be cautious when, manufacturers at times tend to take their pitch overboard with empty promises of long life, and undying power. Scrubba wash bag As children, and regardless of your faith and religion or lack of it, we were all taught the importance of cleanliness as being next to godliness. Now, who can break that? The guys at scrubba seem to totally honor this belief, and also hold a soft spot for backpackers. With such an indefatigable spirit, they devised this all-forgiving super bag that converts from a storage space, to a washing machine and a drying line all at the snap of a finger. The super jacket When it comes to maximizing on resources, nothing beats this Baubax jacket. Like magic, it morphs into a sleeping mask, grows gloves anytime you need them and has secret tunnels for gadget wiring. Such is the alien-like life of this piece; only that this one, does exist and almost regenerate it’s parts. The jacket is also quite pretentious, and looks totally innocent to an inexperienced eye. All this and more, but perhaps the coolest thing is that apart from providing safe nest for your UV sunglasses, it also comes with a microfiber cloth to wipe off any stray films of dust on your valued eyepiece. Language translators From the age of Egyptian hieroglyph inscriptions, to the later days of the popular Nairobi slang (sheng’), language has always been vital to the existence, survival and evolution of the human race. Therefore when digital translators were introduced in the travel market, the inventors opened a new gate to socio-economic power; gifting each of us the power to relate and associate in new territories. By Lillian Gaitho, Jumia Travel Do you have more to share about this story - photos or video etc - you can send them to: (newsghana101@gmail.com) TAGS Gadgets hassle-free hi-tech assist human-hazard selfie sticks Seven Gear Transformed Travel SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleStarr Woman Project 3 Plans a Big Finish for 2016 Next articleUni. of Agriculture Is Surviving – Okyehene Admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Promoting Tourism: TOUGHA Signs Agreement With South Africa GTA Moves To Promote Tourism China to become Asia Pacific’s largest cruise tourism market LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts Happy Odonkor Hits Street With New Album Effects Of Trump’s Election On Nigeria Nigerian Senate Disapproves Buhari’s Ambassadorial Nominee MTN Awarded With 4g Lte Engineering Excellence The Need For Peace In Ghana BREAKING NEWS Nov. 15 world news summary at 0045 GMT Nov. 13 major Zambian media outlets Nov. 13 major South African media outlets Nov. 13 major Kenyan media outlets ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 23 497 2832 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2014 News Ghana
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election 2016 Health, Science, Environment Politics & Issues Ferguson Coverage Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election 2016 Health, Science, Environment Politics & Issues Ferguson Coverage Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Wisconsin governor latest to aid Missouri's bipartisan get-out-the-vote effort By Jo Mannies • Oct 31, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker headlined a parade of Missouri Republican candidates who exhorted local allies Sunday to do all they can to help generate a GOP sweep on Nov. 8. “If you’re going to turn the country around, first off, you need to do it in the states,” said Walker, who was campaigning primarily on behalf of Eric Greitens, Missouri’s GOP nominee for governor. Greitens is locked in a tight contest with his Democratic rival, Attorney General Chris Koster. Walker traveled Sunday with Greitens and other Missouri candidates to the state’s most-populous regions – Springfield, Kansas City and St. Louis. The blitz came about 48 hours after Vice President Joe Biden held a St. Louis rally aimed at energizing Democrats. With just over a week to go, both major parties are focused on GOTV – “get out the vote.” Their attention is less on wooing new voters and more about energizing their bases of support. That’s why Missouri is attracting a number of big-name political figures in the final days of campaigning, from Biden and Walker to U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz,  R-Texas. Cruz, popular among social conservatives, is due to be in the GOP stronghold of southwest Missouri shortly to whip up support for Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo.  Blunt is battling for re-election against Democrat Jason Kander, currently Missouri’s secretary of state. Eric Greitens, Missouri's GOP candidate for governor, embraces Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker during a get-out-the-vote rally in Chesterfield. Credit Jo Mannies/St. Louis Public Radio Biden’s chief objective Friday was to promote Kander. Koster is slated this afternoon to address the largely union workforce at Boeing Co. in Bridgeton, as part of a series of campaign stops scheduled this week. Trump lauded, Clinton lambasted Sunday’s GOP rally, held at the Doubletree hotel in Chesterfield, was particularly noteworthy because the rally –  organized by and for Greitens – also featured all of the state’s Republican  statewide contenders. Such a rare display signaled the state GOP’s bid to show its ticket as a bloc. That may be due, in part, to the fact that polls indicate that most of the state’s Republican statewide candidates are garnering less support than their man at the top of the ticket, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. If Greitens and Blunt were capturing all of the Trump supporters as well, both would have decent leads over their Democratic rivals. They do not. The GOP also is trying to lump all of Missouri’s statewide Democrats together as well, largely so the Democrats can be tied to their presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, who Republicans expect to lose –at least in Missouri. Republicans hope the Clinton link will be particularly potent since Friday's bombshell that the FBI is examining recently unearthed emails that may or may not be linked to the earlier federal probe that dealt with her private internet server and whether she had inappropriately handled classified materials. She was not charged. U.S. Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, R-St. Elizabeth, compared the new FBI examination to the Wizard of Oz, and recalled the scene where Dorothy’s dog pulls back the curtain on the ordinary man pretending to be the powerful wizard. “We had the curtain pulled back by a little dog called the ‘Wiener dog,’ " the U.S. representative said, referring to former New York congressman Anthony Wiener, on whose laptop the emails were discovered. Wiener is the estranged husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Eric Greitens, Missouri GOP nominee for governor, blasts his Democratic opponent, Chris Koster, at Sunday's Republican rally in Chesterfield. Credit Jo Mannies/St. Louis Public Radio The FBI has yet to examine the emails, and some agency officials say it’s unclear if any are tied to Clinton. But Luetkemeyer asserted, “Hillary has finally been tripped up. … We really know what she’s been up to, how she thinks. At some point, she is going to get her ‘just due.’” His audience cheered, with some launching into the “Lock her up!” chant that has been popular with some Republicans for months. Several speakers, including Greitens, noted that a Clinton political action committee has donated $500,000 to aid Missouri’s statewide Democratic ticket. Walker unpopular with labor Walker, in office since he won in 2010, has been a polarizing figure in the labor movement. Among other things, he led the fight to put in place a “right-to-work" law in Wisconsin, which bars unions and employers from requiring all workers in a bargaining unit to pay dues or fees. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker at Sunday's rally for Eric Greitens, GOP nominee for Missouri governor. Credit Jo Mannies/St. Louis Public Radio Walker alluded to his efforts to curb labor rights indirectly Sunday. He contended that Wisconsin has a lower unemployment rate than Missouri – 4.1 percent to Missouri’s 5.2 percent – because of “a change a few years back.” Walker said that Greitens holds similar views and will “clean up the mess in state government and make this state great again.” Greitens called Walker “a perfect example of a strong conservative who stood against special interests, took on the status quo and got results for families.” Greitens added that, if elected, he'd commit to doing the same. Greitens has repeatedly promised to sign a “right to work’’ law in Missouri. Gov. Jay Nixon has blocked several efforts by the General Assembly’s GOP majority to put such a measure into effect. Missouri AFL-CIO President Mike Louis contended in a statement Sunday that Walker’s own presidential bid fizzled because of “his anti-working people policies. ... I’m glad he is here. It clearly demonstrates that Eric Greitens is cut from the same cloth. Greitens policies would endanger our paychecks and our safety at work.” At the rally, Greitens repeated his longstanding attacks against Koster, such as pointing out that a sizable chunk of Koster’s campaign money has come from unions. Greitens has called Koster “corrupt" and  asserted Sunday that Koster’s counterattacks have been launched because Koster “is clearly desperate because his 22-year career in politics is coming to an end.” Greitens and Walker slammed Koster’s support for expanding Medicaid in the state, as recommended by the federal Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Walker also has blocked Medicaid expansion in Wisconsin. Koster’s campaign replied, in part, “Scott Walker and Eric Greitens are a perfect pair. Just like Walker, Eric wants to cut funding for public schools, fight against fair wages for workers, and withhold resources from hospitals in need. Both have also shown they will do absolutely anything to feed their ambitions to climb the political ladder.” Tags:  Eric Greitens 2016 Governor 2016 Missouri elections Election 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Koster, Greitens oppose tobacco-tax proposals, but split on other ballot measures 3 weeks ago Man on a Mission: Greitens embarks on quest to become Missouri's governor 3 weeks ago With party switch in his past, Koster hopes to blaze a new trail as governor 3 weeks ago Koster, Greitens fight over who best respects, and defends, women 1 month ago Biden urges crowd at packed Pageant to get Kander to U.S. Senate 2 weeks ago View the discussion thread. St. Louis Public Radio is a service of © 2016 St. Louis Public Radio Contact Us Directions & Map Listening Options Membership News & On-Air Staff

RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 8:28 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery World American Air jet fire forces evacuation as eight injured Monday October 31, 2016 12:33 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Motorists must pay up AES summonses, transport minister says Spain fight back to snatch draw with England in Wembley friendly Unearth some of the coolest curios, antiques at Rope Walk Taman Selat! Eyes on Sarkozy as fresh claims of Gaddafi funding arises Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An American Airlines airplane sits at the O'Hare Airport in Chicago, October 2, 2014. One of the airlines pilot died on board a flight in the US yesterday (October 5, 2015). — Reuters pic CHICAGO, Oct 31 — An American Airlines jetliner caught fire while preparing for takeoff from Chicago’s O’Hare airport, sending columns of thick black smoke into the air as passengers fled on escape slides. Seven travelers and one flight attendant reported injuries and were taken to a hospital for evaluation, said Leslie Scott, an American spokeswoman. The Boeing Co 767 reported an engine malfunction just before the fire, Scott said. The US Federal Aviation Administration initially said the fire occurred after a tire burst and later issued a statement saying it occurred “after experiencing a problem during takeoff”. “There was a huge explosion on the right-hand side of the airplane,” Hector Cardenas, a passenger on the plane, told the ABC television affiliate in Chicago.  “Everyone was sort of panicking.” Charred wing Cardenas said the plane was about to take off when the explosion occurred.  The last ground speed was recorded at 115 knots, or 132 miles an hour, Flightradar24 posted on Twitter.  The fire blackened one side of the plane, and pictures appeared to show the charred wing on that side drooping toward the ground. The pilots aborted the takeoff, said the FAA, which will investigate. Flight 383, headed for Miami, carried 161 passengers and nine crew members. They were taken to an airport terminal by buses. The National Transportation Safety Board also is sending three investigators to the scene, the agency said on Twitter. Three of the airport’s runways were closed following the incident, the Chicago Department of Aviation said in a statement. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Chicago reaffirms immigrant ‘sanctuary’ status after Trump’s win Former French president Sarkozy hit by fresh claims of Gaddafi campaign funding Ukraine in uproar over 24-year-old named minister Iraq says a third of east Mosul recaptured from Islamic State After more than 50 years, Singapore to have second Malay president in 2017 Trump and his aides plan next moves as protests spread (VIDEO) Tsunami hits New Zealand after series of strong quakes Trump considers seeking Bill Clinton’s advice Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Groin-flashing frog discovered in Australia An in-depth look at Mazda’s SKYACTIV-G engine Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles When electoral system fails to reflect voter preference — Sin Chew Daily Klinsmann wants angry US after World Cup blow Injured Howard to miss US qualifier in Costa Rica On ‘SNL’, Dave Chappelle wishes Donald Trump luck Breaking that highest and hardest glass ceiling — Azrul Mohd Khalib Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services

null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 1/32 yield 2.217%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.73 -0.17%   Euro ▲ 1.0723 0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Dakota Pipeline Backers Ask Court to Order Final Approval by Corps Flint Extends Emergency Declaration Over Tainted Water Forest Fires Spread by Drought Strike Southern Appalachians One Employer Fights Against Prescription-Drug Abuse Sandy Hook Families Appeal in Gun Lawsuit More Home Builders Turn to Prefab Construction Public Health Officials See Flu Pandemic As Greatest Disease Threat Social Media Confronts Misinformation, Harassment Interest Rates Have Surged, Will You Pay More for Credit Card, Auto Loans? The A-Hed Leaks and Mold Are Ruining the Disney Magic in Celebration, Florida Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print U.S. Unusual Failure in American Airlines’ Jet Engine Prompts Investigation Disc violently broke apart inside engine, hurling one fragment more than half a mile By Susan Carey and Susan Carey The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySusan Carey @SusanCareyWSJ Susan.Carey@wsj.com Andy Pasztor Andy Pasztor The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyAndy Pasztor Andy.Pasztor@wsj.com Updated Oct. 30, 2016 9:16 p.m. ET A 19-year-old disc violently broke apart inside the engine of an American Airlines Group Inc. jetliner taking off from Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport on Friday, sparking a fire and touching off a wide-ranging probe into certain General Electric Co. engines, according to investigators and others familiar with the matter. The accident, which hurled one fragment of the disc onto the roof of a United Parcel Service Inc. facility more than half a mile away, started a fire in a pool of fuel under the Boeing Co. 767’s... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Weird World BA pilot suspended after allegedly taking photos of himself wearing stockings and masturbating at 38,000ft Colin Glover denies that he is the man in the lewd images. By Peter Carty October 30, 2016 17:32 GMT Close Embed Feed Boeing 777X: Everything you need to know about the world's biggest passenger airliner IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/18153" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> British Airways has suspended a pilot after photos emerged of a man wearing stockings who appeared to be masturbating at the controls of a plane. Father-of-one Colin Glover has denied he is the individual in the images. BA has temporarily relieved him of his duties. Serial numbers visible on the control panel in the images suggest the pictures were taken aboard at least two different BA aircraft. They show a figure wearing stockings with his legs on the steering controls. Other images show a man exposing himself in the toilets, a pornographic magazine on the cockpit dashboard, and a number of pornographic playing cards strewn around the cockpit. Glover has worked for the airline for 26 years. He regularly takes the controls of Boeing 777s on long-haul flights to a range of destinations including America, the Caribbean and the Far East. Glover's profile and CV on employment site LinkedIn say he has long-haul and short-haul experience on a wide variety of commercial passenger aircraft, ranging from B737s to B777s. The photos appear to have been taken on a B777. Large airliners now rely heavily on autopilot technology while in flight. Nevertheless, aviation expert Chris Yates told the Sun newspaper: "This is very dangerous if the plane is in mid-flight. If you are flying, you can fly into serious turbulence." A senior airline source said investigators would examine whether the images could have been shot in a flight simulator. However, Yates said this was unlikely. "You can tell by the lighting it is a plane," he said. "There is also more going on in the control panels than on a ­simulator. It looks [like] a live aircraft." A former BA pilot also said there were no toilets similar to the one seen in one of the pictures in the airline's simulators. A BA spokesman said: "We are taking this matter very seriously and are investigating." The images are the latest in a line of embarrassments for BA. Recently two BA pilots were questioned after allegedly getting into a bar-room brawl. Senior first officer Sean Murphy, 39, and pilot Paul Lytollis, 43, reportedly came to blows in a bar in Houston, Texas, during a stopover. In 2015, Matthew Underwood, a BA worker who delayed a flight for late passengers, was suspended amid allegations that he was taking bribes. In 2013, a drunken cabin-crew employee ran amok while travelling off-duty on a flight, prompting complaints from other passengers. A British Airways plane comes in to land at HeathrowEddie Keogh/ Reuters More from IBTimes UK Married father who vanished 23 years ago found living 1,000 miles away under dead fisherman's identity US policeman's wife fakes robbery and blames Black Lives Movement to solve money woes Man arrested over attempted murder after woman stabbed Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Who is Steve Bannon? ‘The most dangerous political operative in America’ Columnists Tom Brake MP “Brexit means Brexit? It's clear the Government hasn't got a clue READ MORE Five most outrageous fake US stories promoted by Facebook and Google Both companies accused of allowing fake news stories to proliferate, which critics believe influenced US voting. West Virginia official fired for calling Michelle Obama an 'ape in heels' Beverly Whaling the mayor of Clay was also criticised for her response to the racist Facebook post. The flaws in Trump's plan to deport three million illegal immigrants If Trump wants inspiration on how to deport illegal immigrants, he only needs to look at Obama's record. Teen lovers livestream shooting at police before committing suicide Friends of the Russian 15-year-olds watched live Periscope feed as the teenagers took potshots at police. Global bond sell-off: Why investors are heading for the door President-elect Donald Trump's $1trn economic stimulus plan has stood the world on its head for investors. Most people would rather have Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate or alcohol 40% of survey respondents identified Wi-Fi as their number one daily essential. Amazon Black Friday Sales 2016: Day One's deals Amazon UK has exclusive offers over the next 12 days that change everyday – here are the best deals today. Homeschool mother let tigers, cougar and skunk roam around her house Police found the dangerous animals when they called at a woman's home in Cypress, Texas. London property prices show 'remarkable fortitude' in face of Brexit Land Registry and ONS data shows London property outperformed all other regions of the UK in September. Prostitute killer Rurick Jutting paid for 9-in-a-bed romp with suitcase of cash Sex life of Surrey-born banker under the spotlight after he killed two prostitutes in Hong Kong. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
QRZ Callsign Search  Page last updated on: Sunday, October 30, 2016 NASA astronaut Kate Rubins, KG5FYJ after Soyuz landing Astronaut Kate Rubins and crewmates return safely from the ISS NASA astronaut and Expedition 49 crew member Kate Rubins, KG5FYJ, who became the first person to sequence DNA in space, returned to Earth Saturday after a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. Rubins and her crewmates Anatoly Ivanishin of the Russian space agency Roscosmos and Takuya Onishi, KF5LKS of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, touched down in their Soyuz MS-01 at 11:58 p.m. EDT (9:58 a.m. Oct. 30, Kazakhstan time) southeast of the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. Rubins, who has a degree in molecular biology, contributed to several new studies taking place for the first time aboard the space station, including the Biomolecule Sequencer experiment. The ability to sequence the DNA of living organisms in space could enable astronauts to diagnose an illness, or identify microbes growing in the space station and determine whether they represent a health threat. During her time on the orbiting complex, Rubins ventured outside the confines of the station for two spacewalks. During the first one on Aug. 19, she and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams installed the first international docking adapter. Outfitted with a host of sensors and systems, the adapter’s main purpose is to provide a port for spacecraft bringing astronauts to the station in the future. Its first users are expected to be the Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft now in development in partnership with NASA's Commercial Crew Program. During her second spacewalk Sept. 1, Rubins and Williams retracted a spare thermal control radiator and installed two new high-definition cameras.  Together, the Expedition 49 crew members contributed to hundreds of experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science and Earth science aboard the world-class orbiting laboratory during their 115 days in space. The trio also welcomed three cargo spacecraft delivering several tons of supplies and research experiments. Rubins was involved in the grapple of Orbital ATK’s Cygnus spacecraft to the station in October, the company's sixth contracted commercial resupply mission, and SpaceX’s Dragon ninth contracted mission in July. One Russian ISS Progress cargo spacecraft also docked to the station in July. Rubins and Onishi have each spent a total of 115 days in space during their first mission. Ivanishin now has 280 days in space from two flights. Expedition 50, with Shane Kimbrough of NASA in command and his crewmates Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of Roscosmos, will operate the station for three weeks until the arrival of three new crew members. Peggy Whitson, KC5ZTD of NASA, Thomas Pesquet, KG5FYG of ESA (European Space Agency) and Oleg Novitskiy of Roscosmos are scheduled to launch Nov. 17 from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. Check out the full NASA TV schedule and video streaming information at: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv Keep up with the International Space Station, and its research and crews, at: http://www.nasa.gov/station Get breaking news, images and features from the station on Instagram and Twitter: http://instagram.com/iss and http://www.twitter.com/Space_Station    Share this page Follow us     Advertisement Advertisement         Latest news stories.. Get our News Headlines delivered in one daily email Enter your email address:   Delivered by FeedBurner    News Front Page  Submit your news story   Please help to keep this website going      Advertisement  
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Swiss International to offer onboard connectivity DUBAI, 16 days ago Swiss International Air Lines customers flying from Dubai will soon enjoy ‘Swiss Connect,’ the internet connectivity facility as the airline adds its Airbus A330-300s and A340-300s to the upgraded programme. As part of its investment drive between now and next spring, the 14 A330s operated by Swiss will be equipped with the requisite Panasonic technology – eXConnect for the internet and eXPhone for telephony. The five remaining A340s in the fleet will be equipped with onboard connectivity in 2018, as part of their cabin refurbishment. “We are pleased to offer our passengers from Dubai the excellent service of Swiss especially with the added benefit of connectivity on board. This serves well for passengers from Dubai to Zurich and throughout our long haul network who desire to continue staying on line during their flight in order to work or connect with family and friends via social media,” said Karsten Zang, Lufthansa’s regional director Gulf, I.R. Iran, Afghanistan & Pakistan. In improving its fleet, Swiss has also currently ordered nine Boeing 777-300ERs, some of which have already been delivered and is set to acquire its 10th such aircraft in 2018. The Boeing aircraft are to replace some of Swiss' Airbus A340-300s fleet. The upgrade totals to a $330 million investment. Swiss will also be equipping its five remaining Airbus A340-300s with a new cabin product in all three seating classes. Following the refurbishment, the A340s will seat 223 passengers: eight in First Class, 47 in Business and 168 in Economy. The new First Class cabin as well as the Business Class will be closely modelled to that of the Boeing 777 while the Economy Class cabin will sport a new seat type. The new inflight entertainment system will also be patterned after that of Boeing 777. Swiss flies daily between Dubai and Zurich. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Connectivity | swiss | onboard | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers Al Faisaliah Hotel summit to feature Como Hotels chef Mövenpick Hotels Jordan wins two top awards Oman Air concludes a successful WTM London GCC airlines should change how they market and sell to customers - study Dine with a difference at Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel & Spa Emirates boosts fleet with new A380, B777 aircraft Turkish Airlines offers GCC passengers special fares to Europe Busy Rooms, Thomas Cook ink strategic agreement 158,714 hotels rooms 'under contract' in ME 90pc of US,UK theme park guests want pre-booking-survey RJ, AccesRail ink key agreement Indonesia first SE Asian nation to announce Dubai Expo participation Hack your way into a flight upgrade Abu Dhabi residents get a glimpse of Korean culture Passenger traffic at DWC surges 161pc in Q3 Aviator Lifestyle to participate at Big Boys Toys exhibition First Group breaks ground on 34-storey Dubai hotel tower Etihad receives top recognition Emirates passengers can get UAE visa via mobile app New sales head for Le Méridien Dubai Hotel & Conference Centre Qatar Airways fined by US for flying over 'prohibited airspace' VR, robots to become the future of theme parks Gulf Air adds Colombo to destination network Air Arabia Q3 net profit up 26pc Trump effect dampens ME tourism to the US Al Futtaim, InterCon ink deal for UAE's largest Holiday Inn Family-friendly staycation at Emirates Park Zoo and Resort Mövenpick Hotel West Bay Doha wins two top honours Emirates Skywards adds The Wall Street Journal to partner list Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Industry, Logistics & Shipping   » Story Mubadala unit to deliver first A330neo shipsets ABU DHABI, 16 days ago Strata Manufacturing (Strata), the advanced composite aerostructures manufacturing facility owned by UAE-based Mubadala Development Company, said it has completed the First Article Inspection (FAI) of Aileron and Flap Track Fairing (FTF) shipsets and is set for deployment in the Airbus A330neo. In 2015, Strata was named the single source supplier of ailerons to Airbus for A330 and A330neos. The Mubadala unit has achieved a major milestone with the successful delivery of the first Aileron and FTF for the A330neo ahead of schedule, said the company in a statement. The Strata Aileron program accounted for 26 per cent of the company’s total revenue by the end of the second quarter this year, which reached $52.2 million compared to $39.2 million during the second quarter last year. This latest achievement is in line with Strata’s vision to become one of the top composite aerostructures manufacturing companies in the world, the statement said. In recent years, Strata has expanded its portfolio of products and capabilities to drive its competitive position and the development of its global value chain, to service the worldwide aerospace community, it added.   Strata manufactures various parts of Airbus, Boeing and ATR aircrafts including Airbus A330/340/380 FTF; A330/340 Ailerons;  A330/340 Spoilers besides ATR 42/72 Rudder & Vertical Fin and Boeing B777 Empennage Ribs and B787 Vertical Fin Ribs.      "This year has proven to be significant for Strata. Following the additional deals announced at the Farnborough International Airshow last month, we are delighted to announce the delivery of the shipsets to Airbus," remarked Ismail Ali Abdulla, the deputy chief executive, Strata Manufacturing. "We continue to focus on growing our customers' confidence in Strata’s capability to strengthen our position in the global aerospace industry - continuously delivering high-quality components in challenging timeframes," he added. Established in 2009, Strata is now a composite aero-structures manufacturing facility based in Al Ain, UAE. It has partnerships with the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers, Airbus and Boeing, as well as tier one suppliers like Alenia Aermacchi, FACC AG, Saab and Sabca.-TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | Mubadala | Strata | A330neo | shipsets | More Industry, Logistics & Shipping Stories Alba hosts meeting to review 2016 progress Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers RAK gears up for key investment forum Elite Agro showcases capabilities at Dubai food expo Thuraya launches 'first' dual mode, dual SIM phone Intertek wins PDO supply chain inspection contract DP World wins top honour for greenhouse best practices Top luxury watch show opens in Dubai DMCA signs innovation deal DNV GL Sohar Port container volumes up 11pc in Q3 Viacomms Telecom wins top Avaya recognition NDigitec opens lounge in Dubai Design District EGA to supply high-quality aluminium to BMW Henkel Q3 sales up 3.4pc to $5.1 billion Electric motor sales market to top $127bn by 2021 Samsung to acquire car tech firm Harman for $8bn UAE launches 6-pillar plan to boost industrial tech Siemens expands software business with $4.5bn deal HK telecom group names new GM Ford signs up BlackBerry for security software Abu Dhabi wins bid to host world doctors' summit 42 construction firms win Taqdeer Award Abu Dhabi Ports, Emiroll to build plant in Kizad Coca-Cola launches new 'low-calorie' drink International district cooling conference opens in Dubai GCC project tracker is Knowledge Partner for Gulf Industry Fair Al-Futtaim Motors, Toyota to test hydrogen fuel cells in UAE DP World’s human capital team wins award Agthia acquires Delta Marketing’s water business Reem Mall inks partnership with Dubai Holdings Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Election roundup: Trump ahead of Clinton by 5 votes in Clark County Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Weather Eye: Normal weather returns; Thursday, Friday dry for outdoor plans U.S. experts host volcano workshop Police departments eye lower recruitment criteria Woman charged in head-on crash Teen sentenced in armed robbery Men face multiple charges in two shooting cases Northwest officials discuss train transport Two injured in fire north of La Center released from hospital Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Stuffed animals have long been seen as cuddly sources of comfort, but with added weight they bear a greater therapeutic… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11-15 Prairie girls basketball off to fresh start Community notebook: Woodland’s Cichosz crowned World’s Toughest Mudder Community scoreboard 11-14 Seager, Fulmer take Rookie of the Year honors Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Weekly high school sports schedule, Nov. 14-19 For state playoffs, just set matchups and play it out Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Election, weather bog down October housing market in Clark County United to delay Boeing jets in $4.8 billion savings push Boeing to cut 500 jobs, move others Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit Brunell: Putting Americans back to work is Job No. 1 Google latest to get fooled by fake election stories Tech stock losses cancel out bank gains Government requiring electric cars to make noise Apple Pay, Samsung Pay make changes Drink distributors to merge Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday CAMAS — Some people pass jewelry down to their sons or daughters. The Runyan family passed down a jewelry store. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories The world’s best waffles Make these chocolate rosemary biscotti for a snack or a gift Mini pies take center stage A few simple hacks, and I have a new hero A one-pot take that does ‘pasta fazool’ one better Keep turkey breast moist by putting stuffing under the skin Molasses cookies kind of perfect Know volume of baking pans Southwestern chicken & rice skillet recipe gets a boost from fresh peppers, spices Venezuelan corncakes stack up to toppings The world’s best waffles We all know that superlatives have lost whatever meaning they ever had (thanks, internet!). But we can also all agree… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Does He Mean What he Says? Sowell: We dodged one bullet, but there could be a lot more Letter: Be honest about Civil War Letter: Protesters show hypocrisy Letter: Support palliative care bill Letter: Fight for what is right Letter: Terminal doesn’t belong in Kalama In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Skyview’s Kabacy captures 4A bi-district singles title Junior beats Battle Ground’s Harlan for championship Skyview junior Andrew Kabacy, right, defeated Battle Ground junior Gunnar Harlan, left, in the 4A bi-district singles final on Saturday, Oct. 29, 2016, at Kent. Both players earned berths to the 4A state tournament in May. (Contributed photo) Published: October 29, 2016, 11:17 PM A   A Skyview junior Andrew Kabacy found a familiar opponent across from him on Saturday at the 4A bi-district tennis tournament in Kent. Just a week ago, Battle Ground junior Gunnar Harlan and Kabacy faced off for the 4A GSHL singles title. And a week later, the result was the same. Kabacy defeated Harlan 6-2, 6-3 for the bi-district title at the Boeing Tennis Center. Both players are headed to state in May at Richland. Harlan won his semifinal match over Alex Boupharath of Kentwood 6-3, 7-5. Kabacy had to fight a little longer for his semifinal win, a 7-5, 6-7 (2), 6-2 victory over Colby Tong of Auburn Riverside. Union’s doubles team of Andrew Chanthavong and Alex Calpagiu won the bi-district title over Hazen’s Marcus Lee and James Chen 6-1, 6-3. Skyview’s team of Chris Sheppert and Joey Gaylor won the seventh-place match 7-6, 6-2 to earn a berth to state. The top eight in singles and doubles advanced to state. Skyview finished second as a team at bi-district. 3A BI-DISTRICT — Mountain View will be sending two doubles team to state in May. Algird Zalpys and Matt Wheatley finished runner-up to a team from North Thurston, 6-1, 6-0 at Sprinker Rec Center in Tacoma. To reach the final, Zalpys and Wheatley had to battle back in the semi. They were down a set and 5-2 in the second when they reeled off 11 games in a row to win 4-6, 7-5, 6-1 over a team from Gig Harbor. Mountain View’s team Josh Kim and Sam So won the fifth-place match over Clin Tosland and Spencer Rex of Capital 6-4, 6-3 to get the final spot to state. The top 5 in singles and doubles qualified for state at Kennewick in May. In the bi-district tournament team points, Mountain View placed third. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins, Crewmates Safely Return From the Space Station News provided by NASA Oct 30, 2016, 01:00 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Oct. 30, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- NASA astronaut and Expedition 49 crew member Kate Rubins, who became the first person to sequence DNA in space, returned to Earth Saturday after a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. Rubins and her crewmates Anatoly Ivanishin of the Russian space agency Roscosmos and Takuya Onishi of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, touched down in their Soyuz MS-01 at 11:58 p.m. EDT (9:58 a.m. Oct. 30, Kazakhstan time) southeast of the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. Rubins, who has a degree in molecular biology, contributed to several new studies taking place for the first time aboard the space station, including the Biomolecule Sequencer experiment. The ability to sequence the DNA of living organisms in space could enable astronauts to diagnose an illness, or identify microbes growing in the space station and determine whether they represent a health threat. During her time on the orbiting complex, Rubins ventured outside the confines of the station for two spacewalks. During the first one on Aug. 19, she and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams installed the first international docking adapter. Outfitted with a host of sensors and systems, the adapter's main purpose is to provide a port for spacecraft bringing astronauts to the station in the future. Its first users are expected to be the Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft now in development in partnership with NASA's Commercial Crew Program. During her second spacewalk Sept. 1, Rubins and Williams retracted a spare thermal control radiator and installed two new high-definition cameras.  Together, the Expedition 49 crew members contributed to hundreds of experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science and Earth science aboard the world-class orbiting laboratory during their 115 days in space. The trio also welcomed three cargo spacecraft delivering several tons of supplies and research experiments. Rubins was involved in the grapple of Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft to the station in October, the company's sixth contracted commercial resupply mission, and SpaceX's Dragon ninth contracted mission in July. One Russian ISS Progress cargo spacecraft also docked to the station in July. Rubins and Onishi have each spent a total of 115 days in space during their first mission. Ivanishin now has 280 days in space from two flights. Expedition 50, with Shane Kimbrough of NASA in command and his crewmates Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of Roscosmos, will operate the station for three weeks until the arrival of three new crew members. Peggy Whitson of NASA, Thomas Pesquet of ESA (European Space Agency) and Oleg Novitskiy of Roscosmos are scheduled to launch Nov. 17 from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. Check out the full NASA TV schedule and video streaming information at: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv   Keep up with the International Space Station, and its research and crews, at: http://www.nasa.gov/station Get breaking news, images and features from the station on Instagram and Twitter: http://instagram.com/iss and http://www.twitter.com/Space_Station   Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081007/38461LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nasa-astronaut-kate-rubins-crewmates-safely-return-from-the-space-station-300353808.html SOURCE NASA Related Links http://www.nasa.gov Oct 31, 2016, 17:06 ET Preview: NASA Sets GOES-R/Atlas V Launch Events Coverage Oct 28, 2016, 11:44 ET Preview: NASA TV to Broadcast Agency Innovation Mission Day Keynote My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:10 ETNASA Updates 2017 International Space Station Crew Assignments Nov 10, 2016, 13:13 ETNASA Set to Launch New Fleet of Hurricane-Tracking Small... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Aerospace & Defense You just read: NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins, Crewmates Safely Return From the Space Station News provided by NASA Oct 30, 2016, 01:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins, Crewmates Safely Return From the Space Station By Published: Oct 30, 2016 1:00 a.m. ET Share WASHINGTON, Oct. 30, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- NASA astronaut and Expedition 49 crew member Kate Rubins, who became the first person to sequence DNA in space, returned to Earth Saturday after a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. Rubins and her crewmates Anatoly Ivanishin of the Russian space agency Roscosmos and Takuya Onishi of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, touched down in their Soyuz MS-01 at 11:58 p.m. EDT (9:58 a.m.Oct. 30, Kazakhstan time) southeast of the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. Rubins, who has a degree in molecular biology, contributed to several new studies taking place for the first time aboard the space station, including the Biomolecule Sequencer experiment. The ability to sequence the DNA of living organisms in space could enable astronauts to diagnose an illness, or identify microbes growing in the space station and determine whether they represent a health threat. During her time on the orbiting complex, Rubins ventured outside the confines of the station for two spacewalks. During the first one on Aug. 19, she and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams installed the first international docking adapter. Outfitted with a host of sensors and systems, the adapter's main purpose is to provide a port for spacecraft bringing astronauts to the station in the future. Its first users are expected to be the Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft now in development in partnership with NASA's Commercial Crew Program. During her second spacewalk Sept. 1, Rubins and Williams retracted a spare thermal control radiator and installed two new high-definition cameras.  Together, the Expedition 49 crew members contributed to hundreds of experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science and Earth science aboard the world-class orbiting laboratory during their 115 days in space. The trio also welcomed three cargo spacecraft delivering several tons of supplies and research experiments. Rubins was involved in the grapple of Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft to the station in October, the company's sixth contracted commercial resupply mission, and SpaceX's Dragon ninth contracted mission in July. One Russian ISS Progress cargo spacecraft also docked to the station in July. Rubins and Onishi have each spent a total of 115 days in space during their first mission. Ivanishin now has 280 days in space from two flights. Expedition 50, with Shane Kimbrough of NASA in command and his crewmates Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of Roscosmos, will operate the station for three weeks until the arrival of three new crew members. Peggy Whitson of NASA, Thomas Pesquet of ESA (European Space Agency) and Oleg Novitskiy of Roscosmos are scheduled to launch Nov. 17 from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. Check out the full NASA TV schedule and video streaming information at: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv   Keep up with the International Space Station, and its research and crews, at: http://www.nasa.gov/station Get breaking news, images and features from the station on Instagram and Twitter: http://instagram.com/issand http://www.twitter.com/Space_Station   Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081007/38461LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nasa-astronaut-kate-rubins-crewmates-safely-return-from-the-space-station-300353808.html SOURCE NASA Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Mo's Fullerton Music Center owner Maureen Palmateer brought joy $1.2 billion contract to improve 405 freeway gets green light Why Anaheim educators want to shut down this online charter school Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Dodgers' Dave Roberts wins NL Manager of the Year award Bonsignore: Rams' switch to Jared Goff was entirely Jeff Fisher's call - and it's the right one Lonzo Ball brings winning attitude, high hopes to UCLA Jared Goff named starting quarterback for Rams Amazon launches free restaurant delivery starting today in Irvine Boeing to shift 2,500 jobs away from Huntington Beach, with 1,600 heading to L.A. County What you need to know about a potential UPS strike How much plastic bags cost now that you have to pay 'Odysseo' gallops back into Irvine Here are the first acts playing reopened House of Blues Anaheim at GardenWalk Fans worship Temple of the Dog at the Forum Bruno Mars announces four nights at the Forum Top news News California companies get billions in tax breaks -- especially aerospace, entertainment, media Oct. 29, 2016 Updated Nov. 1, 2016 7:46 a.m. 1 of 14 The Walt Disney Co. received subsidies worth $149.7 million. Most of that came from the city of Anaheim, which agreed to foot the bill for up to $200 million in infrastructure improvements when Disney built its second theme park, California Adventure, next to Disneyland. 1 of 14 Over the past two decades, the biggest tax breaks among California companies went to two aerospace defense giants, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman, whose El Segundo plant is shown here in 2006. The F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet assembly line is seen at the Northrop Grumman plant in El Segundo, Calif., Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2006. The defense contractor said Tuesday that its fourth quarter earnings rose 22 percent, topping Wall Street expectations. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon) 1 of 14 Dqight Oland and Samantha Rodriguez, from Hamilton Sundstrand-Rocketdyne, examine a model of Lockheed Martin's Orion crew exploration vehicle, a craft designed to transport astronauts to and from the International Space Station (ISS), the Moon, Mars and other destinations beyond low earth orbit, during the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics' conference and exposition at the Anaheim Convention Center Tuesday. (Photo by Josh Sudock, Orange County Register/SCNG) 1 of 14 The entrance letters to Disney's California Adventure had letters near its entrance spelling out the name of the state. The park across from the entrance to Disneyland in the former parking lot opened in 2001. It was not well received with critics saying there was not enough there for kids to do. Disney immediately started addressing that issue. In 2010, the letters changed to a new colors in celebration of the premiere of the World of Color show at that theme park. The park's name was changed to Disney California Adventure after the addition of Cars Land in 2012. FILE PHOTO, MARK EADES 1 of 14 The L.A. Live JW Marriott Hotel looms over downtown Los Angeles Thursday. KEVIN SULLIVAN, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER 1 of 14 ATLANTIC OCEAN - MAY 14: In this handout released by the U.S. Navy courtesy of Northrop Grumman, an X-47B Unmanned Combat Air System (UCAS) demonstrator launches from the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush (CVN 77) May 14, 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean. George H.W. Bush is the first aircraft carrier to successfully catapult-launch an unmanned aircraft from its flight deck. The Navy plans to have unmanned aircraft on each of its carriers to be used for surveillance and be armed and used in combat roles. (Photo by Alan Radecki/U.S. Navy/Northrop Grumman via Getty Images) 1 of 14 FILE--A B-2 bomber, built by Northrop Grumman Corp., makes a pass at an air show in this May 31, 1997 file photo. Lockheed Martin announced Thursday, July 3, 1997 it is buying Northrop Grumman Corp. in an $11.6 billion deal that brings together two of the nation's biggest defense contractors. If approved by federal regulators and stockholders, it would create a company with revenue of $37 billion and 230,000 employees. RUDY GUTIERREZ AP 1 of 14 A THAAD interceptor is launched from the Pacific Missile Range Facility, Hawaii, during a test April 6. PICASA 2.6 , PICASA 2.6 PR NEWSWIRE 1 of 14 This image provided by Lockheed Martin Corp. shows an artist rendition of the Orion crew exploration vehicle in lunar orbit. NASA on Thursday Aug. 31, 2006 gave a multibillion dollar contract to build a manned lunar spaceship to Lockheed Martin Corp., the aerospace leader that usually builds unmanned rockets. (Photo by Associated Press) 1 of 14 This image provided by Lockheed Martin Corp. shows an artist rendition of the Orion crew exploration vehicle approaching the International Space Station . NASA on Thursday Aug. 31, 2006 gave a multibillion dollar contract to build a manned lunar spaceship to Lockheed Martin Corp., the aerospace leader that usually builds unmanned rockets. (Photo by Associated Press) 1 of 14 Aerial of Disney's new theme park California Adventure with the Paradise Pier themed land in foreground. Matterhorn peak in Disneyland can be seen in middle background of photo. (Photo by: H. Lorren Au Jr.) 1 of 14 Chairman and CEO of Disney, Michael Eisner, makes his way on stage with Mickey Mouse during opening ceremonies of California Adventure theme park Thursday. (Photo by Mindy Schauer) 1 of 14 Laser technicians at TRW's Capistrano Test Site in Southern California verify the alignment of components located inside the megawatt-class Alpha chemical laser, designed and built for the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization's Space Based Laser program.After four months of wrangling, defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. has agreed to buy TRW Inc. for $7.8 billion in stock, nearly $2 billion more than it originally offered. (Photo by Associated Press) 1 of 14 Lockheed Martin was chosen to build the Joint Strke Fighter, the most advanced fighter in U.S. history. Image courtesy of Lockheed Martin. View slideshow The Walt Disney Co. received subsidies worth $149.7 million. Most of that came from the city of Anaheim, which agreed to foot the bill for up to $200 million in infrastructure improvements when Disney built its second theme park, California Adventure, next to Disneyland. By TERI SFORZA / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF CORPORATE BREAKS More than 80 companies in California received tax breaks and subsidies worth $1 million or more. Compared to other states, California is stingy. Company Northrop Grumman $ 440,313,268 Lockheed Martin $ 429,297,758 Anschutz Co. $ 290,000,000 Walt Disney $ 149,657,320* Time Warner $ 70,196,726 Viacom $ 55,561,662 Twenty-First Century Fox $ 28,322,000 Samsung $ 17,015,520 Tesla Motors $ 15,647,626 Comcast $ 15,388,418 *Good Jobs First used Anaheim's original projection of $200 million for the Disney expansion project. Audited totals from Anaheim showed the Mickey & Friends Parking garage costing $108 million; electrical improvements, $17.6 million; and the pedestrian bridge, $3.6 million. SOURCES: Public data, Good Jobs First RELATED: Six O.C. companies among 67 statewide that will share $47 million in GO-Biz tax credits Businesses in California were given state tax breaks worth about $2.67 billion over the past two decades, with more than half the money going to two sectors of the economy – those trading in war and circus. These tax breaks – denounced as “corporate welfare” or praised as “business incentives” – totaled $889.3 million for aerospace and military contractors, and $389.4 million for entertainment and media companies, according topublic data compiled by the nonprofit Good Jobs First. The biggest breaks went to two aerospace defense giants, Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman. In 2014, the Legislature approved a controversial bill aimed specifically at Lockheed, a key subcontractor for Boeing on a bid to build next-generation bombers for the Air Force. The bill granted Lockheed a tax credit of 17.5 percent of wages paid to its workers, worth $420 million over the 15-year life of the deal. Northrop, a rival, quickly protested, saying the credit gave Lockheed a tremendous competitive advantage, and the Legislature extended the break to Northrop. An analysis by the state Assembly suggests the tax credits operate as subsidies for wages paid. California’s next-largest corporate break, worth $290 million, went to Anschutz Co. for construction of a 55-story hotel next to the Los Angeles Convention Center. That package, courtesy of the city of Los Angeles, included a hotel-bed-tax rebate of up to $270 million over 25 years, a $16 million loan at below-market rate and a $4 million fee waiver. The Walt Disney Co. weighed in at No. 4, receiving subsidies worth $149.7 million. Most of that came from the city of Anaheim, which agreed to foot the bill for up to $200 million in infrastructure improvements when Disney built its second theme park, California Adventure, next to Disneyland. The Mickey & Friends Parking Structure cost the city $108 million, electrical improvements cost $17.6 million, and a pedestrian bridge cost $3.6 million, Anaheim said. Walt Disney Studios’ films “Whale” and “Overnight at 42nd Street” received state film tax credits worth $18.4 million, and Disneyland has received worker training reimbursements worth $2 million. Not included in the Disney tally is the potential value of Anaheim’s 30-year ban on entertainment ticket taxes, or the $550 million in hotel bed taxes that Anaheim will return to Disney and developer Wincome Group in exchange for the construction of three luxury hotels in Anaheim’s resort district. California’s state government has a dozen different incentive programs for businesses, and local governments offer myriad incentives of their own. The $2.67 billion number is not exhaustive, as data reporting among local governments is spotty, but that will soon change. More on that in a minute. ‘CHOICE’ Proponents of corporate tax breaks say the money encourages businesses to stay and grow in high-cost California, thus creating or preserving jobs. “We must always remember that in today’s global economy, location is not permanent, but by choice,” said a letter signed by more than a dozen SoCal Jobs Defense Council members – leaders of business, labor and government – urging the Legislature to embrace the aerospace tax breaks. “We have to be ready as a state to make that choice easier for them to locate, innovate, produce, and expand here.” The very term “corporate subsidy” aggravates Orange County Business Council President Lucy Dunn. “It is no more a ‘subsidy’ than when the feds let you deduct your personal home mortgage interest from your annual tax returns,” she said. “That deduction is supposed to incentivize home ownership – making it a bit easier to buy a home – a good thing! So it's disingenuous for folks who take that deduction to say a business can’t do something similar when it delivers something a city wants, and takes all the risk.” That’s what these incentives are: government enticements to get businesses to do something the government wants, but that the market has not yet delivered, Dunn said. “Usually, no up-front funding comes from the government to do these projects. Instead, less taxes are paid for a limited time by business, if and only if, they meet certain conditions,” Dunn said. “When the project is built, there are usually numerous other economic benefits – increased tourism, sales taxes, jobs creation, mitigation fees, public benefits like parks and transportation improvements, that a city weighs to offset the business’s tax incentive/deduction.” Anaheim’s decision to refund bed taxes in order to get its desired four-star hotels is a classic example, she said. From the city’s perspective, it can be a no-brainer, officials said. “Anaheim views economic development, rather than resident taxes, as the best way to fund city services,” Anaheim spokesman Mike Lyster said in a statement. “When we work with companies to bring investment to Anaheim, we see a substantial return on that investment for our residents. “Since we worked with Disney in the 1990s to expand the Anaheim Resort, our hotel-stay revenue has more than tripled. That allowed Anaheim to weather the Great Recession better than many cities and today is helping us add police officers, pay down debt and liabilities and to provide parks, libraries, community centers and family services for our residents.” The Register contacted each of the companies receiving $10 million or more in subsidies/incentives, but only Disney and Lockheed Martin responded. Both declined to comment on specifics. Lockheed Martin spokesman Bill Phelps instead pointed out that the company employs 10,000 people throughout California who work on high-tech aerospace and defense projects, from unmanned systems technology to space research. GRATUITOUS Opponents counter that while the incentives may sound grand, they do precious little to tip the economic scale in any direction whatsoever, often making them gratuitous and irrelevant. “All state and local taxes, combined, only amount to about 2 percent of the cost of doing business,” said Greg LeRoy, executive director of Good Jobs First. “Incentives don’t matter. They just can’t move the needle very much.” An Assembly analysis of the bill to extend the $420 million tax credit to Northrop said as much. “A defense project’s scope and budget are determined by the federal government. Personnel hiring decisions, capital investments, and additional activities a contractor must undertake to complete the project are all dependent on the parameters specified by the federal program.” State subsidies are unlikely to change these investment decisions. The Tax Foundation, an independent think tank, also had sharp words for the subsidies. “Narrow incentives such as these are not sound tax policy. They rarely succeed in their aims of ‘creating’ jobs, and (instead) create major distortions as existing companies foot the full freight of the tax bill in order to provide incentives to other favored firms and new investments,” argued economist Lyman Stone. And the threat of companies fleeing the state is often fiction, critics said. “So, where is Disneyland going to move to if it doesn’t get a subsidy?” asked Scott Klinger of Good Jobs First. “Of course they’re going to expand in Anaheim.” TRANSPARENCY Good Jobs First’s LeRoy began his career in corporate subsidy reform in the 1980s, when he was working to fend off industrial plant closures in Chicago. It turned out that many of the shuttering factories had received economic development subsidies and, despite that public investment, the shutdowns were legal. Those revelations led to reforms, but in his opinion, they were not nearly comprehensive enough. It was hard to determine the true public cost of these deals: How much were the companies really getting to keep? How much tax revenue were governments really giving up? That led to the nonprofit Good Jobs First, and its push for public transparency on “corporate welfare.” That effort will get a major boost next year when most governments will have to start placing a dollar figure on tax breaks they give to businesses. Those numbers will then be included in the annual audited financial statements of those governments, allowing a much more precise accounting of how much corporate tax breaks divert from public coffers, and whether the tradeoff is worth it. This new disclosure requirement is brought to you by the eggheads at the Governmental Accounting Standards Board, which made news recently for requiring governments to include unfunded pension liabilities in their bottom lines. That disappeared billions of public dollars instantly, and was meant to underscore that pension debts are real and must be paid. Similar logic is at work here. “Financial statements prepared by state and local governments ... provide citizens and taxpayers, legislative and oversight bodies, municipal bond analysts, and others with information they need to evaluate the financial health of governments, make decisions, and assess accountability,” GASB says in its statement on the new rule, Number 77. Tax abatements are widely used to encourage economic development, but governments “do not always provide the information necessary to assess how tax abatements affect their financial position ... including their ability to raise resources in the future,” GASB says. The numbers will start showing up in audits next year. The details might incite further outrage in those who think the system is rigged for the wealthy – but California is likely to come out looking a lot better than big-spending states like Louisiana and Michigan, which sometimes give up more revenue than they collect in taxes, LeRoy said. “California, actually, is pretty stingy,” he said. ‘STINGY’ While the $2.67 billion California governments have extended in corporate subsidies may not be chump change, it’s small potatoes compared with New York’s $24 billion, Louisiana’s $16.65 billion, Michigan’s $14.2 billion and Washington’s $13.4 billion in corporate subsidies, according to the data. “In the broad scheme of things, California is not a go-go spender, and you can blame a lot of that on Prop. 13, and the end of redevelopment in 2011,” LeRoy said. “It wasn’t seriously throwing money at Tesla during that five-state competition (for who would land its battery factory). It wasn’t competing hard for Boeing. And we don’t think that’s a bad thing. California’s job-creation numbers and entrepreneurial culture look great. There are lots of good things happening in your stingy state. “Stingy can often be very smart.” The stingiest state of all was Hawaii, which offered just $515,430 in subsidies, followed by Wyoming ($1.2 million) and New Hampshire ($8.4 million). It’s also worth noting that California’s $2.67 billion-worth of subsidies are but a fraction of what corporations pay in taxes. There are the aforementioned property taxes, as well as payroll taxes, sales and use taxes, and corporate income taxes. Corporations pay tax of 8.84 percent of net income, and over the past decade revenues from the corporate income tax have averaged $10 billion a year, according to data from the state controller. California’s stinginess has left it vulnerable to piracy, some say, allowing lower-cost states such as Texas, Nevada and Arizona to lure away businesses. A study by Joseph Vranich of Spectrum Location Solutions in Irvine found that, from 2008 through 2015, at least 1,687 businesses bailed out of California or chose to expand operations elsewhere. Vranich blames that on California’s “hostile business climate,” including high taxes and heavy regulation. Wallace Walrod, chief economic adviser for the Orange County Business Council, had never seen state-by-state incentive values laid out quite like this. The next discussion might not be how to curb corporate subsidies in California, but how to provide more incentives, he said. Dunn, president of the Business Council, agrees. “California is not as creative as it could be,” she said. Contact the writer: tsforza@scng.com Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Boeing to shift 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to L.A. County by 2020 Coroner identifies Marine who died in Lake Forest crash Orange County's costliest ZIP code has a $4 million median home price How much plastic bags cost now that you have to pay Pedestrian killed after being hit by car in Santa Ana User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Mo's Fullerton Music Center owner Maureen Palmateer brought joy $1.2 billion contract to improve 405 freeway gets green light Why Anaheim educators want to shut down this online charter school Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Dodgers' Dave Roberts wins NL Manager of the Year award Bonsignore: Rams' switch to Jared Goff was entirely Jeff Fisher's call - and it's the right one Lonzo Ball brings winning attitude, high hopes to UCLA Jared Goff named starting quarterback for Rams Amazon launches free restaurant delivery starting today in Irvine Boeing to shift 2,500 jobs away from Huntington Beach, with 1,600 heading to L.A. County What you need to know about a potential UPS strike How much plastic bags cost now that you have to pay 'Odysseo' gallops back into Irvine Here are the first acts playing reopened House of Blues Anaheim at GardenWalk Fans worship Temple of the Dog at the Forum Bruno Mars announces four nights at the Forum Top news Education » Voters split on Orange County school bond measures Cal State students stage 'die-in' over possible tuition hike at trustees meeting Why Anaheim educators want to shut down this online charter school BUSINESS » Amazon launches free restaurant delivery starting today in Irvine Boeing to shift 2,500 jobs away from Huntington Beach, with 1,600 heading to L.A. County What you need to know about a potential UPS strike O.C. Watchdog » State watchdog widens investigation into Supervisor Andrew Do's taxpayer-funded mailers Coin dealer jailed, but victims of his nearly $18 million scam may not get their money back Watchdog: Assaults on California police soar. More attacks, or more sensitivity? Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » 'Odysseo' gallops back into Irvine Here are the first acts playing reopened House of Blues Anaheim at GardenWalk Fans worship Temple of the Dog at the Forum Food » Amazon launches free restaurant delivery starting today in Irvine Retail-restaurant roundup: Outlets at San Clemente turns 1; Del Taco expanding; PetSmart ramps up delivery Taco Bell opens Las Vegas flagship with new logo, merchandise store TELEVISION » Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights TV highlights Nov. 1-5 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Keeping promises SLIDESHOW » Irvine principal kisses pig to make good on $50K fundraising promise VIDEO » He died from gunfire but came back from the dead with a tale of forgiveness PHOTOS/VIDEO » How an Ancestry TV commercial brought together a mother and daughter after 53 years SLIDESHOW » Check out the extra Super Moon, the brightest one in 70 years SLIDESHOW » At Fashion Island, the tree's trimmed and ready for Santa Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Breaking News Trump rewards loyalty, considers economic picks as he molds Cabinet House Speaker Paul Ryan renominated to top House post North Korea does not care who is president of United States Disputed memo says Britain has no Brexit plan Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources Dakota Access pipeline protests spread, firms fight back Denver to become first U.S. city to legalize social marijuana use Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Exclusive: Ahead of CBS/Viacom deal talks, sticking points emerge - sources Wed 16 Nov 2016 - 16 Safar 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive Home → International → American Airlines jet catches fire on takeoff at Chicago airport American Airlines jet catches fire on takeoff at Chicago airport Saturday 29th, October 2016 / 22:36 Written by Oman Observer in International CHICAGO: The engine of an American Airlines Group Inc jet caught fire seconds from takeoff at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport on Friday, prompting the crew to abort its departure and evacuate passengers via emergency chutes, authorities said. No serious injuries were reported in the incident, which occurred hours before an unrelated mishap in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where the landing gear of a FedEx Corp cargo plane collapsed on touchdown, sparking a fire that was quickly extinguished. The company later said the FedEx pilots were safe. American Airlines Flight 383, a Boeing Co 767 bound for Miami with 161 passengers and a crew of nine, was headed down an O’Hare runway at about 2:30 pm CDT (1930 GMT) when the right-side engine of the twin-engine jet burst into flames, authorities said. Footage from Chicago’s ABC News affiliate station, WLS-TV, showed the idled plane on the ground with flames and large clouds of black smoke billowing from its right side and emergency slides deployed on the left side. Passengers milled about watching the blaze as fire trucks pumped water on the flames. Timothy Sampey, assistant deputy fire commissioner, said the mishap could have been much worse. The plane was fully loaded with 19,504 kg of jet fuel, which was leaking when fire crews reached the jet, Sampey told a news conference later. “So they had a heavy volume of fire on both the engine and the entire wing,” he said. “This could have been absolutely devastating if it happened later.” Sampey confirmed the incident began with a fire in the right-side engine. The plane’s CF6 engine, the “workhorse” of the commercial aviation industry, was built by General Electric Co, and GE dispatched investigators to the scene, the company said. The Federal Aviation Administration initially said the pilot aborted takeoff after reporting a blown-out tire. But city fire spokesman Larry Langford said he saw no blown tires at the scene. Langford said 19 passengers and one flight attendant were taken to a hospital with minor injuries — such as bumps, bruises and sprained ankles — suffered in exiting the plane. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← French MPs urge UK to accept camp minors Spain’s former Socialist chief quits as lawmaker → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Oman welcomes Yemen ceasefire HM receives greetings from Fahd Higher Committee for Conferences meets Kerry concludes oman visit Read More ... Facebook Twitter 4 hours ago#Yementalks Efforts will be to establish a new national unity government in Sanaa by 2016-end @JohnKerry @MofaOman… /t.co/fulUFk9V9d 4 hours ago#Yementalks Roadmap presented by the UN Special Envoy to Yemen to be basis for negotiations @JohnKerry @MofaOman… /t.co/gXa6qtXjdb 4 hours ago#Yementalks to be convened by the end of this month, says Ministry of Foreign Affairs @JohnKerry @MofaOman… /t.co/ZJ4cxQ49mO Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)

null
null
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 15, 2016 7:37 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement A healthy bounce: Good economic signs are nice, but not steady November 1, 2016 12:00 AM By the Editorial Board The American economy showed a nice, positive bounce — good for all of us — in the third quarter of the year, with growth in the annualized gross domestic product of 2.9 percent announced by the Department of Commerce on Friday. The first two quarters of 2016 had showed pallid growth rates of 0.8 percent from January-March and 1.4 percent from April through June. The rates for these two quarters fell below average annual growth of 2.6 percent from 2010 to 2015, considered to constitute recovery from the recession which started in 2007. For comparison, the economy grew in the late 1990s under Bill Clinton by 3-4 percent per year, although circumstances were different. The third-quarter 2016 growth reflected strength in consumer spending, which rose by 2.1 percent, in spite of some of the gloom and doom rhetoric of the political campaign. The United States also did better in global trade during the period. On the negative side, estimates of the budget deficit this year grew to $600 billion. The national debt continued to blossom toward $20 trillion, reflecting government spending without counting the cost, lots of wars, and the continued absence of tax reform. America’s tax structure at present permits companies legally to pay low or no taxes to the federal, state, city and other U.S. governments. Republican candidate Donald Trump’s companies’ non-payment of taxes is most likely entirely legal, and not at all unique among American companies, although the impact on the American government’s purse in terms of revenue not received remains the same. In the 2007-2015 period, Amazon paid taxes on 13 percent of its profits; AT&T and General Electric, the same; and Boeing an even lower 8 percent. Reasonable tax reform — that is to say, tax reform that basically would not harm American companies in terms of competitiveness — could gain the U.S. Treasury an estimated $1.5 trillion per year, if a president and the Congress would undertake such reform. If it were not gobbled up by more wars, that money could be used to stem growth in the national debt and used for job-creating investment in American infrastructure. Never mind evening out economic inequality, which was supposed to be a major issue in this election, but which appears to have yielded priority to issues like Anthony Weiner’s sexting and Mr. Trump’s groping. Meet the Editorial Board Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MenuRotor & Wing International Back to Rotor & WingArchiveContributorsSubscribeShareSearch FacebookTwitterLinkedIn Found inWashington Insider US Navy Trainer Concepts Move Up the Chain Navy officials last month were set to brief a top acquisition executive on options for replenishing the service’s rotorcraft training capability, including a “new” model for buying training services. R&WI Staff Navy officials last month were set to brief a top acquisition executive on options for replenishing the service’s rotorcraft training capability, including a “new” model for buying training services. The Navy’s assistant secretary for Research, Development and Acquisition, Sean Stackley, was due to be briefed in October by officials working on options to replace obsolescent Bell Helicopter TH-57 trainers, which are more than 30 years old. The Navy has been working on a replacement plan for years and currently says it aims to issue a contract in 2017 for an Advanced Helicopter Training System (now also dubbed TH-XX). Work would start in 2018. A key challenge to that plan is how the Navy will write the request for proposals, a necessary precursor to a contract selection. It has no funds to acquire a new trainer fleet and expects to get none. That predicament has industry officials pitching — and some Navy leaders now embracing — a “services contract” business model under which the Navy would pay a contractor team to provide nearly all its training capability and spare itself ownership of elements like aircraft and simulators. The approach has worked in foreign military arenas like the U.K., Singapore, Australia and the U.S. Air Force. But it is new to the Navy (and considered high risk, since all Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard helicopter and tiltrotor aviators go through the training). So the approach needs Stackley’s signoff. The U.S. Navy has been working on replacing its TH-57 trainers.Photo courtesy of the U.S. Navy FAA Seeking Drone Safety Vols The FAA is seeking industry volunteers to serve on a new unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) safety team. The team would be modeled after the FAA Safety Team (or FAASTeam), a successful effort to bring agency specialists together with industry volunteers (such as certificated flight instructors, safety pilots and mechanics) to provide local, recurring training on operations, airspace and regulations. The “UASTeam” would play the same role in the drone community, according to agency leaders, though the approach to organizing it may be different. “With the FAASTeam, we could go out to a local airport and find volunteers,” one agency official said. “With the drone team, we may be going to hobby shops.” Work Progresses on Apache Multi-Year Boeing and the U.S. Army have made progress toward a multi-year contract for AH-64E Apaches, with a second quarter 2017 contract a possibility. The service’s Apache program manager, Col. Jeff Hager, told reporters at the Assn. of the United States Army’s (AUSA) annual conference in Washington last month that the Pentagon’s director of Defense Pricing, Shay Assad, approved proceeding with multi-year negotiations, which could cover 275 Echo models. Hager said the goal is for deliveries between 2017 and 2021. Boeing VP of Attack Helicopters Kim Smith said the company had received its opening offer from the Army before AUSA — which she said was slightly ahead of schedule. Smith said she looks forward to an informal agreement for the multi-year by the end of this year. Then-Army Sec. John McHugh last summer gave the go-ahead to continue pursuing the multiyear contract. R&WI Ad Index In this issue Close Close HomeArchiveAuthorsSubscribe Stay connected with usTwitterFacebookYouTubeLinkedIn November 2016 Feature Lifting the Future Business aircraft developments and innovation could be a prominent… Feature China to Expand Multimission Helicopter Operations the Maryland Way To learn how to support China's targeted growth in helicopters, over… Feature Rotorcraft Summit Highlights Innovation We recap the Rotorcraft Technology Summit held Sept. 19 to 20 in Forth… Public Service Supporting the Supporting Roles The National Guard truly wears two hats: one as the ready reserve… Legal Perspective When are Airmens’ Actions Inadvertent? If you are a pilot or maintenance technician and have ever… Washington Insider US Navy Trainer Concepts Move Up the Chain Navy officials last month were set to brief a top acquisition… Rotorcraft Report Rotorcraft Report CHC Group faces additional challenges to reorganizing its operations… People Spotlight Profiling the latest employee movements in the industry. Editor's Notebook FAST: A Good Acronym In late September, the month seemed to be ending well. Our Rotorcraft… Feedback Feedback Recent comments submitted to the editor. Coming Up Preview what is ahead. Ad Index
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News PODCASTS Sports Space Entertainment FOOD Life Elections Opinions Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Member Guide Travel More Home News PODCASTS Sports Space Entertainment FOOD Life Elections Opinions Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Member Guide Travel Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 350 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest At Brevard rally, Pence promises to reinvigorate space program Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence promised hundreds of supporters in Cocoa to reinvigorate the space program. Post to Facebook At Brevard rally, Pence promises to reinvigorate space program Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence promised hundreds of supporters in Cocoa to reinvigorate the space program.  Check out this story on floridatoday.com: http://on.flatoday.com/2f5GlMT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. At Brevard rally, Pence promises to reinvigorate space program James Dean and Caroline Glenn , Florida Today 5:17 a.m. EDT November 1, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share A crowd turned out to see Mike Pence speak in Cocoa on Monday Buy Photo Crowds line up to see GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence in Cocoa on Monday. (Photo: Tim Shortt/FLORIDA TODAY)Buy Photo 350 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Citing the space program as an example of American leadership in decline, Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence on Monday urged hundreds of supporters at a rally in Cocoa to help propel him and Donald Trump to the White House with just over a week left to vote. “We all know that space is the final frontier,” the Indiana governor and former congressman said at the Space Coast Convention Center, about 25 miles from Kennedy Space Center. “And just as we’ve always done before, America needs to lead the way on the final frontier.” Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton are running nearly even in the race to claim Florida’s critical 29 electoral votes, according to an average of polls by RealClear Politics. It showed Trump ahead by half a percentage point despite Clinton leading five of the nine polls cited. Pence urged rally attendees to vote — it appeared most already had — and spread the word to friends, and made a plea to Republicans to “come home” and support the ticket. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Mike Pence rally in Cocoa  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Jo-Ann Gleifert of Cocoa takes a selfie of herself with Mike Pence. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo The line begins to take shape in the lobby. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Sherry Ashby, of Palm Bay, Jo-Ann Gleifert, of Cocoa, and Lee Nyffenegger, of Rockledge, were among the first to arrive. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Patricia Moody of Vero Beach sang the National Anthem. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Steve Crisafulli, Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo The line stretches outside to see Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteer Michele Harbin holds up a sign by the Trump Pence campaign. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Anna Fink, and her mother, Tammy Fink, of Palm Bay, wait for Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence to arrive.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Sherry Ashby of Palm Bay was the first in line to see Pence, arriving at 7:00am. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Mr. Barkley, a suppprt dog for Reggie Ciorrell, of Merritt Island, strikes a cute pose. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Congressman Bill Posey and Dave Weldon, former congresman. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Cameron Goodyear, a veteran from Melbourne, proudly shows this tattoo on his right forearm. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Kevin Rebal, of Pompano Beach, Fl. gets a Pence autograph. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Congressman Bill Posey introduces Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Cameron Goodyear of Melbourne meets Mike Pence. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Heroes in the room. Pence asked any veterans in the room to raise their hands. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence gave a speech before a crowd of several hundred at the Space Coast Convention Center at the Holiday Inn Express in Cocoa, Fl. on Monday, October 31.  TIM SHORTT/FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Mike Pence speaks at a rally in Cocoa.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo A crowd gathered Monday to see Mike Pence speak at a rally in Cocoa.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Mr.Barkey, a support dog for Reggie Correll of Merritt Island, waiting for Mike Pence.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo Ashby of Palm Bay was first in line at 7:00am. She has been to 13 Trump rallies.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Buy Photo A line forms as supporters arrive to see Mike Pence speak in Cocoa.  Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide “Florida, we’ve got work to do,” said Pence. “Time’s a-wasting.” Pence’s pledge of support for the space program, which has barely been discussed during the campaign, played well on the Space Coast, briefly prompting a chant of “Space! Space!” Pence, 57, said he remembered black-and-white TV images of the early space programs that served as “anthems of my youth, the inspiration not just of America but of the world.” “Our space program needs new leadership and a new vision,” said Pence. “We cannot afford to fall further behind in space exploration or technology.” He said a Trump-Pence administration would focus NASA missions on deep space exploration, implying, as advisers have said, that NASA spends too much on Earth-focused science such as investigating climate change. FLORIDA TODAY Hillary Clinton to speak in Sanford; Trump set for Orlando Pence promised NASA would promote more partnerships with commercial space firms, beyond contracts already in place to fly cargo and soon astronauts to the International Space Station. The Republican nominees also want to revive a National Space Council, led by the vice president, to coordinate policies and technologies across sectors. “We can be more efficient, we can be more effective, we can use space dollars wisely,” said Pence. “But we’re going to do it. We’re going to make the investments. And we’re going to create a brighter and boundless future for America, and a growing economy on the Space Coast for generations.” While calling for new leadership and vision, it was not clear if the priorities Pence laid out would change human spaceflight programs now targeting launches from Cape Canaveral by 2018. NASA is helping Boeing and SpaceX prepare rockets to fly crews to the station, and developing an Apollo-style rocket and capsule for deep space missions, first around the moon and possibly to Mars in the 2030s. Earlier in Monday's rally, U.S. Rep. Brian Babin, R-Texas, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Space, criticized the Obama administration’s 2010 cancellation of the Constellation program that had intended to return astronauts to the moon after the shuttle program, but was deemed under-funded and too far behind schedule. "We lack focus, we lack leadership, we lack a mission and a goal in our space program," said Babin. "“We have seen our space program slip.” After the rally, Pence met with a group of local aerospace industry representatives before moving on to scheduled events further west along Florida's pivotal "I-4 corridor." Besides space, Pence's stump remarks repeated themes central to the Trump campaign. Saying Clinton was dogged by an “avalanche of scandals,” he discussed the FBI’s recently announced review of new e-mails found on a Clinton aide’s computer. The e-mails emerged months after the FBI closed an investigation into whether Clinton mishandled classified information, recommending no charges. The issue prompted chants of “Lock her up!” from the crowd, which also called for Trump to “build a wall” to protect against illegal immigration. Pence criticized Clinton as weak on national security and the economy, and said the next president would shape the Supreme Court's balance for decades. “Do not rest, do not relent for the next eight days until you do everything in your power to ensure that the next president to make appointments to the Supreme Court of the United States is President Donald Trump,” he said. FLORIDA TODAY Donald Trump needs to win Florida in order to take race That was a key issue for rally attendee Dan Acker, a 78-year-old Merritt Island resident for whom Pence’s space comments also resonated. The former NASA contractor during the Gemini and Apollo programs called it "ridiculous” that the U.S. now relies on Russia to put astronauts in space. “I was pleased to hear what he said about the space program,” said Acker. Sherry Ashby, 66, from Palm Bay was first in line at 7 a.m. for the noon rally. Echoing many others in the crowd, she pointed to anti-abortion laws, stricter immigration access and looser gun policies as the election’s most important issues. “They [illegal immigrants] never helped make the road or died for their country, and they’re getting more benefits than me who has worked all my life,” she said, calling for the need to secure America’s borders. “I have nothing against immigrants, I have nothing against someone coming into our country, but it’s very clear that you’re supposed to come in and assimilate.” Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 orjdean@floridatoday.com. And follow on Twitter at@flatoday_jdeanand on Facebook atfacebook.com/jamesdeanspace. 350 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2f5GlMT TOP VIDEOS Playalinda Brewing Company Surfing Santa Ale 1:31 2016 VRA Volunteer of the Year nominees 4:19 2016 VRA Organization of the Year nominees 4:27 2016 VRA Citizen of the Year nominees 4:09 2016 VRA Business of the Year nominees 3:46 Car swallowed by hole in street 0:21 Video: KBB’s River Fest 2016 0:43 Surveillance video: Car stolen, owner dragged onto Babcock St. 1:01 Honor Flight veterans reunion 1:40 A tour of Oasis of the Seas cruise ship 2:37 Mickey's Very Merry Christmas Party 2:48 Palm Bay's BJ Daniels 0:38 4 interceptions for Tyrese Lyons 0:33 Viera coach Mays on first-round playoff win 0:28 Veterans Day Massing of the Colors 1:53 Veterans Memorial Center ceremony 4:02 Daily City Food Truck Bazaar in Rockledge 0:54 Bob Kimple working with National WWII Veterans Museum 1:31 Heroes and legends sneak peek at KSC 1:21 Tropical bed bugs in Brevard County 1:47 Election 2016 reaction in Brevard County 2:17 Post election mood in Brevard 1:58 Election Reaction 2:17 Cannabis expert talks about medical marijuana in Florida 6:27 Local members of NOW talk about election results 1:31 More Stories County Commission declines to vote on 1-cent-a-gallon gas tax Nov. 15, 2016, 3:24 p.m. Download FLORIDA TODAY's updated smartphone apps June 9, 2016, 11:06 a.m. New Melbourne lighting will brighten shadowy downtown Nov. 15, 2016, 2:44 p.m. Former Oklahoma punter Michael Winchester killed in airport shooting Nov. 15, 2016, 7:13 p.m.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Previous Next S&P 500 Slips, Oil Slammed on OPEC Disappointment InvestorPlace 10/31/2016 Anthony Mirhaydari Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Investors hold off ahead of election Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT The S&P 500 and other major U.S. indices danced around the unchanged line on Monday as the quietest October, in terms of trading activity, came to an end. Large-cap stocks remain within the confines of an extremely tight and narrowing two-month trading range that caps three years of listlessness. With the presidential election next Tuesday and a Federal Reserve policy decision later this week, the listlessness will continue a little longer. Quotes in the article Adherium Ltd ADR = 0.3400 0.0000 0.00% UBS IQ Morningstar Australia Quality ETF ETF ▲ 18.59 +0.01 +0.05% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 107.11 +1.40 +1.32% But elsewhere in the market — particularly in energy — there was action to be had. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite and the Russell 2000 gained 0.3%. Treasuries were mostly stronger, the dollar was unchanged and gold lost 0.2%. The big move on the commodity front was crude oil, which was slammed down 3.8% as OPEC failed to deliver the expected production freeze agreement teased in September.© Provided by InvestorPlace Dow Jones Industrial Average chart Energy Stocks Bludgeoned Crude oil and energy stocks were hammered on a “no deal” result out of the OPEC meeting in Vienna, capping months of on-again/off-again hype for a possible supply freeze deal. This time, a deal featuring a decline in Saudi output was teased in September. But it broke down amid ongoing bullheadedness from the Iranians and Iraqis over their output levels. Furthermore, there is no evidence that non-OPEC members such as Russia are interested in joining in. 5 Energy Stocks Hurt by OPEC's Theatrics Why would they? It’s a classic prisoners’ dilemma: Better to let the other guy cut output and keep yours the same. Further discussions were pushed back to November, keeping the “hint-and-tease” act we’ve seen since February alive a little longer. It’s no surprise then that energy stocks led the way with a 1.2% loss. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) fell 1.7%, pushing up the Nov $86 XOM puts recommended to Edge Pro subscribers to a gain of 135% since added on Oct. 26.© Provided by InvestorPlace Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) stock chart The Nov $6 puts against Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) are up nearly 60% since they were added on Thursday thanks to a 4.8% decline in the common. And the Nov $11.50 puts against the United States Oil Fund LP (ETF) (NYSEARCA:USO) are up more than 130% since added on Oct. 25. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts Also, oilfield services provider Baker Hughes Incorporated (NYSE:BHI) fell 6.3% after General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) announced it would combine its oil-and-gas assets with the company in a cash-and-stock deal. Elsewhere in the Market Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE) fell 3.5% on a downgrade from analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch on concerns over market share loss on increased competition from the likes of Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UA) and Adidas AG (ADR) (OTCMKTS:ADDYY). On the upside, utility stocks gained 2% thanks to the yield effect of stronger Treasury bond prices. Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) gained 2.6% thanks to an upgrade by analysts at Deutsche Bank. On the economic front, U.S. consumer spending increased in September as did inflation. The PCE price index gained 1.2% from last year in the largest year-over-year increase since November 2014. The Chicago PMI activity index was below expectations as production fell and new orders hit the lowest reading since May. October marked the third straight monthly loss for stocks, with the Dow down 0.9% thanks to the lifting effect of gains in key stocks like Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). The other indices weren’t as lucky: The S&P 500 lost 1.9%, the Nasdaq Composite lost 2.3%, and the Russell 2000 lost 4.8% as small caps tested down to lows not seen since July. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Doesn't Get Enough Respect Looking ahead, volatility should increase heading into Wednesday’s Fed policy decision and Friday’s nonfarm payroll report — both of which will set the stage for a likely rate hike in December, depending on the market’s reaction to the Election Day outcome. For now, a focus on defensive assets — long volatility, short crude oil — has boosted the holdings of Edge subscribers by 2.4% for the month. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. Free two- and four-week trial offers have been extended to MSN Money readers. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) and Home Depot Inc (HD) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Debuts New Taco Bell Logo InvestorPlace Mazda Recall: 70,000 RX-8 Sports Cars Face Fuel Leak Risk InvestorPlace WhatsApp Video Calling: 9 Things to Know InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China set to show off stealth jet at national air show By Reuters Published: 17:58 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 17:58 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China prepared to unveil its latest military capabilities and new partnerships in civil aerospace at the opening of an air show in the southern city of Zhuhai on Tuesday. Airshow China is seen as an opportunity for China, which is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade, to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its military clout to neighbours and the world. Topping Zhuhai's biennial agenda is the public debut of the Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter. Another stealth model, the export-oriented J-31, was unveiled at Zhuhai in 2014. Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fuelled discussion over the region's power balance when first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, and experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington. "This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public," said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. "This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves," he added. AIRBUS, BOEING RIVAL President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in the region, particularly in the South China and East China seas. It remained unclear how the J-20 would be displayed or to what extent foreign executives and media would be allowed a close look as they try to figure out its role and effectiveness. Some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. The Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter will be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones. Also highlighted by organisers is what's described as the largest amphibious plane now in production: the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Airbus and Boeing. The 150-seater is scheduled to stage its maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017, three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show, which runs until Nov 6. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; editing by Ralph Boulton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 31, 2016, 15:15 ET Share this article DALLAS, Oct. 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Flight Attendants of Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV), represented by the Transport Workers Union (TWU) Local 556, voted to ratify the Tentative Agreement that both parties reached in September 2016. The new contract includes a ratification bonus and annual wage rate increases over the life of the contract. "I am thrilled that our Flight Attendant Team voted to ratify this agreement," said Sonya Lacore, Vice President Cabin Services. "Through this new contract, we now have the opportunity to provide further recognition for the many contributions that our Flight Attendants make to the success of Southwest Airlines. I extend my appreciation for the patience and professionalism demonstrated by our Flight Attendants throughout the negotiation process." The Union reports that 53.86 percent of those who cast ballots voted in favor of the contract agreement, and 89.21 percent of eligible Southwest Flight Attendants voted. Negotiators for Southwest Airlines and TWU 556, which represents more than 14,500 Southwest Flight Attendants, began contract discussions in 2013. The newly-ratified contract becomes amendable on November 1, 2018. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 98 destinations in the United States and seven additional countries with service to Varadero, Cuba beginning Nov. 13, 2016, and to Havana, Cuba, beginning Dec. 12, 2016, both routes subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency℠, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-flight-attendants-approve-tentative-agreement-300354227.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com Nov 07, 2016, 06:30 ET Preview: Southwest Airlines Reports October Traffic Oct 28, 2016, 12:21 ET Preview: Apply Now For Southwest Airlines' Heart Of The Community Grant My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 13, 2016, 13:00 ETSouthwest Airlines Begins Cuba Service Nonstop From Ft.... Nov 10, 2016, 15:08 ETSouthwest Airlines Honored Among Military Friendly® Employers Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Passenger Aviation Labor & Union You just read: Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement News provided by Southwest Airlines Co. Oct 31, 2016, 15:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > FedEx plane catches fire in Fort Lauderdale FedEx plane catches fire in Fort Lauderdale Monday, 31 October 2016 (2 weeks ago) A FedEx Corp. cargo plane caught fire on a runway at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, delaying airport operations for hours on Friday. According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the landing gear on the Boeing MD-10 collapsed as it touched the ground. The pilot and co-pilot escaped unharmed, and no members of the ground crew were injured. The plane was carrying U.S. mail, as well as FedEx shipments to the Memphis hub. The airport resumed operations on its south runway at 7… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Storyful Studio - 3 weeks ago< > Embed FedEx Plane Catches Fire at Fort Lauderdale Airport 01:02 A FedEx plane caught fire as it arrived at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, Florida, on Friday afternoon, October 28. The Federal Aviation Administration said the fire started when the landing gear collapsed as the plane was rolling on the runway.There were no injuries reported.... You Might Like Other recent news in Business Stocks May Open Higher On Upbeat RETAIL Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Food prices help ease October retail INFLATION to 4.20% US RETAIL SALES see strong growth Newsonomics: Fake-news fury forces GOOGLE and Facebook to change policy Google's plans to build huge new London HQ for 7,000 employees hailed as 'major vote of confidence' for BREXIT Britain Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK GOVERNMENT input ​Google, FACEBOOK, Twitter, others have 30-item wish list for Trump Eurozone Q3 growth solid despite Brexit vote, Trump ELECTION overshadows outlook VODAFONE beats expectations as it continues to monitor Brexit implications EASYJET profits drop after Brexit's hammering of the pound Twitter Sonny Faust RT @wsvn: LIVE on #Periscope: Breaking: FedEx cargo plane catches fire at Fort Lauderdale. https://t.co/Uqzx4AqStm 3 hours ago 緑の靴の物語 RT @BreakingNews: No injuries in FedEx cargo plane fire at Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., airport, Broward Sheriff's Fire Rescue says - WSVN https:/… 1 day ago Juliana Morris RT @teresainiowa: @prophetcarn a FedEx cargo plane catches fire at fort Lauderdale airport saw on channel 7 news 2 days ago Crime FedEx Plane Catches Fire At Fort Lauderdale Airport... https://t.co/2nCdAdQUcG 4 days ago iPlay.today [Download] FedEx plane catches fire at Fort Lauderdale-#Hollywood International Airport - https://t.co/V72kz9qNBV https://t.co/surFbCztGx 6 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Gwen Ifill Dwayne Johnson Current Topics Sexiest Man Man Alive Paul Ryan Oklahoma City Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper The story appears on Page A11 November 1, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Transport China fully opens civilian airport sector for private capital to fly in Source: Xinhua | November 1, 2016, Tuesday | Print Edition CHINA’S civilian airport market is now fully accessible to private capital as the national aviation authority issues a sweeping rights-granting guideline. The Civil Aviation Administration of China rolled out the red carpet for private capital in all civilian airport projects that are planned in the country’s outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Financing for civilian airports’ construction and operation under public-private partnerships will be encouraged to improve “service quality and efficiency,” according to the guideline, which points to a reduced number of state-owned airports. Private capital is permitted in participating in the construction and operation of civilian airports and their affiliated facilities via franchising, transfer of operation or stock right, and entrusted operation. Private investment no longer needs the agency’s approval to fund terminals, logistics and warehousing, ground services and other operations of entirely civilian airports. Qualified private and foreign investment are now allowed to provide intermediary services such as counseling, designing and maintenance to civilian airports, according to the guideline. The country has also fully opened the market of general aviation airport construction, launchpad for a fledgling industry with a market projected to hit 150 billion yuan (US$22 billion) by 2020. Investment source for general airports is not limited, as well as inter-investment between general airports and other market entities, CAAC said. China will become the world’s first aviation market to exceed US$1 trillion in value in 20 years, according to a forecast by US airplane giant Boeing. The country is predicted to demand 6,810 new airplanes over the next two decades, with the total value of new aircraft worth nearly US$1.03 trillion. However, an insufficient number of civilian airports especially general airports is hampering China’s ability to meet the demand of a booming consumer market, fueled by rising income and more service consumption. Opening the door to private capital is believed to alleviate the government’s financial pressure and accelerate the building of civilian airports. Transport <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly King and queen of crabs HK's High Court disqualifies 2 nation-insulting legislators-elect for violating Basic Law Nail-gun murderer executed Billionaire Warren Buffett invests in 3 big US airlines Evacuations underway in quake-hit New Zealand Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper View more » Latest Business News Samsung’s phone just for China JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Push for 3D printing Revenue gains 44.5% for couriers China worried over EU’s duties on steel Renault unveils Chinese-made SUV View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > ShowNews > Zhuhai 2016 > Aleris’s Chinese Mill Joins Move Into Higher Grades For Airbus You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Aleris’s Chinese Mill Joins Move Into Higher Grades For Airbus Oct 31, 2016 Bradley Perrett | AviationWeek.com EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement ZHUHAI, China—Just four years after opening, a Chinese aluminum mill of U.S. aerospace supplier Aleris will fully participate in the company’s shift into more advanced production for Airbus. The plant will supply higher-grade aluminum for wing skins and introduce machining to cut costs of the final parts, said Ingo Kroepfl, vice president for Aleris’s aerospace business. Aleris itself is being bought by Zhongwang International Group, the parent of Chinese aluminum maker China Zhongwang, through a U.S. subsidiary. The transaction, announced Aug. 29, will apparently make the group the second Chinese company qualified to supply aluminum for Western aerospace programs. Capacity of the Zhenjiang mill may need to rise, but not specifically because of long-term supplies for Airbus under the July agreement, which takes effect in 2017, said Kroepfl. Aleris’s main aerospace plant, in Koblenz, Germany, will supply most of the aluminum that the company will supply to Airbus under the agreement, but the Zhenjiang facility will for the first time play a substantial role in a contract with the European airframe maker. That will include making plate in high-performance aluminum for wing skins: 2000-series material for the underside and 7000 series for the upper skin. Aleris has not previously supplied aluminum alloy of the grades that Airbus needs for wing skins. Introducing the Zhenjiang plant to making them so early, at around the same time that the experienced Koblenz plant begins doing so, suggests that the Chinese mill has matured quickly since opening in 2013. Growth in aerospace manufacturing in Japan led Aleris to set up the $350 million Zhenjiang plant. By reducing transportation expenses, supplying Asian part makers from Asia can cut the cost of the aluminum by a significant single-digit percentage, said Kroepfl. Proximity also improves the economics of returning material removed in fabrication—chips and cut-offs that could otherwise be thrown away. Machining material before supplying it to companies that make the final parts is a new activity for Aleris. The aluminum maker can keep most of the excess material, which then does not need to be transported at all. The originating plant can also easily segregate the chips, so a batch of collected waste material is all of the same grade. Since the part is closer to the final shape, the part fabricator will need to do less machining, though this saving is offset by the cost of Aleris’s preliminary machining. The Zhenjiang mill also supplies Boeing, Bombardier and domestic Chinese programs. It makes only plate, which is at least 6.35 mm (on-quarter of an inch) thick; anything thinner is sheet, which Koblenz can handle, at widths of up to 3.45 meters (11 ft.). At Zhenjiang, Aleris can make plate up to about 150 mm thick, while Koblenz has been upgraded for 254 mm product. The ultimate capacity of the plant, set by the throughput available from the hot mill, is 250,000 tons a year, but its other equipment currently limits it to 35,000 tons a year. That may rise, said Kroepfl. The first change would be to increase heat-treating capacity, he said. Separately, Aleris is discussing a new product, aluminum-scandium alloy, with several airframe companies. Like aluminum-lithium it is more expensive than conventional aerospace aluminum, but fabricating parts with it can be cheaper, said the company. It is also less dense and therefore lighter. Aleris has developed the material as a direct replacement for the common conventional alloy known as 2024. Koepfl declines to discuss specific prospective applications for aluminum-scandium, such as the A330neo. Zhongwang International’s intended purchase of Aleris from private equity investors is only the latest example of Chinese companies buying Western businesses with valuable aerospace know-how—though Aleris also supplies other industries, such as automobile manufacturing. Achieving aluminum characteristics demanded by Western aircraft companies is not easy, so the acquisition may have offered a shortcut for China Zhongwang. Rival Southwest Aluminum was contracted by Airbus in 2011 to supply aluminum plate. Editor's note: This article has been updated to clarify the arrangement for the acquisition of Aleris. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Testing Chief Warns Of JSF Software Delays 146   Bombardier Outlines Transformation Plan 25   Engineers Plan To Go Local For Mars Habitat Building Materials 65   Viewpoint: Empty Cockpits 67 Advertisement Connect with ShowNews Email your latest news that you have planned for NBAA and Zhuhai to ShowNews' Editor-In-Chief, John Morris Sign up to receive the ShowNews edition of the Daily Digest newsletter. Interested in advertising? Learn More Advertisement Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
null
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment SilverArrow acquires 51% share of Switzerland's PrivatAir By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · October 31, 2016 SilverArrow Capital Group has acquired the majority share (51 percent) of Swiss-based PrivatAir, SA, the company said. PrivatAir is an international premium airline and business aviation group with headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland and operating offices in Duesseldorf, Germany and Lisbon, Portugal. PrivatAir operates a wide-range of aircrafts ranging from Boeing B767, B757, BBJs to Airbus A319 and business jets for airlines like Lufthansa and SAS. SilverArrow Capital is a group of private investment firms focusing on industrial growth sectors, real-estate and infrastructure projects supported by a global advisory and operations team. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Penton's Aviation names excellence awards winners Aurora to establish drone training in SW Virginia » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
null
  Chron.com Houston Chronicle Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Menu Upstream Exploration Production Shale Discoveries Crude oil Natural gas Midstream & Downstream Pipelines Transportation Gasoline Refineries Industry News Finance/Earnings M&A People Power Solar Wind Nuclear Renewable Energy Natural gas Events Top workplaces Chronicle 100 Energy Services Offshore Politics & Policy Texas Jobs Commentary: The new energy company Posted by FuelFix.com Date: October 31, 2016 By Reid Morrison The U.S. oil and gas industry has experienced a sea change as it navigates an unpleasant shift in commodity prices since the highs of 2014. And as the industry muscles through a slow recovery, exploration and production, oilfield services, and drilling companies  are finding they have stressed balanced sheets, income statements, and organizations. As with the rest of the industry, these segments are engaged in cost cutting, asset sales, portfolio rationalization and strategic transactions in an effort to position themselves in a sustained low commodity price environment. Reid Morrison is the global energy advisory leader at the accounting and consulting firm PwC and a principal in  PwC’s Houston office. With $100 per barrel of oil a distant memory, and hope for a fast recovery all but gone, this has forced an evolution within the industry—an evolution that has the potential to create a new type of energy company, one that looks laser focused on its core areas compared to a conglomerate competing in numerous industries and geographies. The determining factor of the change: Where are we an average player versus where can we truly be best-in-class? The creation of this new energy company will require a mindset that fosters a strategic nimbleness in which companies focus on where they are exceptional and have the honesty to acknowledge where they are average. This means companies must take a hard look at the individual parts of their enterprise to determine where they have the capabilities to win in an up and down market. An up market skews the capability and performance measures, and a down market reveals the unpleasant truth. With crude oil prices fluctuating between $40 and $50 per barrel, leaders oil and gas companies cannot afford to be anything but exceptional. To adapt in this new environment, it’s going to take courage to take a fresh look at longstanding business practices. Some might not like what they find, but the industry can learn a valuable lesson and benefit from the recent downturn by getting operationally smarter. In the price run-up of 2012-14, companies allocated billions of dollars of capital, investing in areas, functions or assets where they were average performers. The rising commodity price covered up parts of their company that were average, and the conventional thinking was,  “We have to do it all because that is how we have always done it.” The current moment offers the industry a chance to put itself on more sound strategic footing, albeit with a different mix of partners, capabilities, and business models. Mutually beneficial results can occur when companies confine themselves to areas of excellence and partner with others who have exceptional capabilities that are complimentary. That’s what economists call the law of comparative advantage. One example of this is Apple. Apple uses its ecosystem of first-tier suppliers to manage the technical design process, while Apple maintains control of the “user experience” and interface, integration of devices and applications, and design. Another example is Boeing, which controls aircraft design, component integration, sales order commitment and capital funding processes, while relying on its strategic partners in its supply chain network to source materials and design and build components. Getting to excellence won’t be fast or easy, and as someone who works across all three segments of the oil and gas  industry, I can say many companies have trouble disentangling “excellence” from the mindset of what is familiar. There is such a bias for in-sourcing work that it can override a more objective, fact-based assessment of who does what best, regardless of company affiliation. The industry should look to work with strategic partners to complement their existing capabilities, much like Boeing and Apple have done. But despite all of the current uncertainty, there is one thing that still holds true: The industry is evolving. To keep up, companies should focus on where they’re exceptional. The days of being average, of being all things to all people, of being a Jack of all trades but a master of none, are disappearing in the rearview mirror. The law of comparative advantage is moving the industry in a new direction, creating the New Energy Company. By forming strength-based strategic relationships with best-in-class oilfield services and drilling companies, exploration and production players can remove costs, get access to those little innovations that add up to make a big difference, have partners with deep digital capabilities, shorten cycle times and boost returns on invested capital. All in all, this puts energy companies on a better footing to operate profitably in a “leaner for longer” environment.   SHOW MORE View Comments Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Walmart Tool Rollbacks and Clearance WalmartPosted 12 hr 7 min ago SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Microfiber Midway Briefs 2-Pack for $8 + free... eBayPosted 12 hr 5 min ago SHOP NOW Ferrari La Ferrari RC Car for $21 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 4 hr 38 min ago SHOP NOW Nerf Zombie Strike Doominator Blaster for $28 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 4 hr 33 min ago Houston’s Top Docs Newsletter Get FuelFix straight to your email. Subscribe Oil & Gas Jobs Anadarko cutting 58 jobs in East Texas November 07, 2016 U.S. oil and gas rig count up again; Permian booms October 21, 2016 Two more rigs in U.S. oilfields; third increase in a row October 07, 2016 IHI E&C terminates dozens of Houston employees this week October 06, 2016 Noble Energy warns workers of layoffs to come September 29, 2016 The Gift of History! About Us Contact Us Newsletters Privacy Policy Your California Rights Brought to you by the Houston Chronicle. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     NASA Astronauts Safely Return To Earth After 115 Days In Space Posted: Oct 31 2016, 4:42am CDT | by Sumayah Aamir, Updated: Oct 31 2016, 5:00am CDT, in News | Latest Science News   NASA astronaut Kate Rubins, left, Russian cosmonaut Anatoly Ivanishin of Roscosmos, center, and astronaut Takuya Onishi of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) sit in chairs outside the Soyuz MS-01 spacecraft a few moments after they landed in remote area near town of Zhezkazgan, Kazakhstan on Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016 (Kazakh time). Rubins, Ivanishin and Onishi are returning after 115 days in space where they served as members of Expedition 48 and 49 crews on ISS. Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls Three NASA Astronauts land safely back on Earth after a Successful Stay of 115 Days aboard the ISS Gallery 3 images   Three NASA astronauts landed safely back on earth after a successful and lengthy stay aboard the International Space Station. Kate Rubins alongside two more NASA astronauts, Anatoly Ivanishin and Takuya Onishi, alighted on the home planet after an extended sojourn in space. They landed in Kazakhstan. Kate has a degree in molecular biology. Don't Miss: Black Friday 2016: Everything You Need to Know Now She made important contributions to various experiments which took place on the ISS. These included the Biomolecule Sequencer. This capacity of sequencing the genome of an organism in the harsh conditions of space could enable scientists to detect a disease. Also they could find out whether a series of microbes are dangerous or benign in the context of space. Throughout her journey aboard the ISS, Rubins engaged in two spacewalks. In one of them, she and her fellow astronaut Jeff Williams installed the first international docking adapter. Exp 49 undocks at 8:35pm ET inside the Soyuz MS-01 spacecraft. https://t.co/CAduajOEbU pic.twitter.com/lTHss8SMWN— Intl. Space Station (@Space_Station) October 30, 2016 With many sensors and systems on board, this adapter is meant to provide access to a port for spacecraft that will convey astronauts to the ISS in the future. The very first spacecrafts that will dock on the adapter are the SpaceX Crew Dragon and the Boeing Starliner. During her second spacewalk, Kate Rubins and Jeff Williams dislodged a spare thermal control radiator and installed two novel high definition cameras. Myriad experiments took place aboard the ISS. They ranged from those in biology to biotechnology and physical science not to mention earth science. This took place during the 115 days in space that these astronauts stayed aboard the ISS. The three astronauts were the ones to receive three cargo supplies in which loads of odds and ends of equipment and experimental paraphernalia were present. As Kate Rubins and her fellow astronauts prepared to undock from the ISS, the Soyuz hatch clamped shut with force. The whole journey of the three astronauts back to earth was recorded live on NASA TV. Gallery 3 images You May Like The Author Sumayah Aamir Sumayah Aamir (Google+) has deep experience in analyzing the latest trends.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 4 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 6 hours ago, 11:58am CST Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 8 hours ago, 9:42am CST Have the Flu? It's Likely Because of When You Were Born 9 hours ago, 9:20am CST Depression is Rising in US Teens Girls 10 hours ago, 8:11am CST Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 2 hours ago, 3:35pm CST Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 4 hours ago, 2:23pm CST Facebook and Google Ban Fake News 4 hours ago, 1:45pm CST Here Is Why Apple Did Not Opt For Touch Screen Macs 5 hours ago, 12:54pm CST Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 6 hours ago, 11:54am CST Get Amazon Prime for Just £59 Until The Grand Tour Premiere 6 hours ago, 11:38am CST Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 6 hours ago, 11:36am CST Jay Leno Drives Ferrari F40 for the First Time 7 hours ago, 11:18am CST The Grand Tour Will Use Twitter to Gauge its Popularity 7 hours ago, 11:13am CST Tesla Model 3 to Have 30% More Energy Efficient Battery Than Model S 7 hours ago, 11:07am CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Latest Science News Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 4 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Brain Uses Colors to Help Us Choose What to Eat, Says Study 6 hours ago, 11:58am CST Back to the Future Like Solar Nanotech-Powered Clothes are Coming 8 hours ago, 9:42am CST Have the Flu? It's Likely Because of When You Were Born 9 hours ago, 9:20am CST More Latest Science News Stories Latest News Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 2 hours ago, 3:35pm CST NES Classic Spotted in Stock at GameStop Today 3 hours ago, 2:51pm CST Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 4 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 4 hours ago, 2:23pm CST More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
null
16.11.2016 04:37   новости на русском azərbaycan dilində Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Main page Latest News Analytics Politics Business Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Azernews.az World news Weird / Interesting Photo Galleries Voice of Diaspora Your Corner TODAY.AZ / World news Uzbekistan Airways sees fall in passenger transportation 31 October 2016 [14:18] - TODAY.AZ By Azernews By Gunay hasanova Uzbekistan National Airways carried 1.882 million passengers in January-September 2016, which is 5 percent less than in the same period of 2015. The company reported that some 856,700 passengers were transported to the CIS countries (4.2 percent decrease), 624,600 passengers to the far abroad countries (0.8 percent increase), 400,600 passengers - on domestic flights (14.4 percent decrease). The volume of cargo transportations of the airline amounted to 30,600 tons compared to 31,000 tons in January-September of 2015 (a 1.6 percent decrease). “Cargo aircraft of the airline carried out 734 flights in January-September 2016, which is 46 flights more than during the same period last year,” the message said. During the reporting period, Uzbekistan Airways opened Tashkent-Voronezh regular flight. Uzbekistan Airways is the monopoly carrier in Uzbekistan and is wholly owned by the state. Its fleet currently consists of 30 aircraft of western production, including 12 Boeings (four 767-300, five 757-200, two 767- 300-ER and one Boeing-787-800 Dreamliner), 13 Airbuses (three A-310 and ten A-320-200), three medium-range RJ-85 planes and two Boeing-767-300BCF cargo planes. Uzbekistan Airways conducts flights to over 20 cities in Europe, America, Middle East, Asia, and in 22 cities of countries of Commonwealth of Independent States and 11 destinations on local airlines. In 2015, the Uzbek airline decreased the transportation of passengers by 2 percent, or to 2.572 million passengers compared to 2014. The volume of freight transportations decreased by 2.8 percent, to 41,800 tons in 2015. URL: http://www.today.az/news/regions/155633.html Tweet Print version Views: 480 Connect with us. Get latest news and updates. Follow @TRENDNewsAgency Recommend news to friend Your name: Your e-mail: Friend's name: Friend's e-mail: See Also 15 November 2016 [14:26] Iranian President supports idea of visa-free regime with Russia 15 November 2016 [12:52] Turkish PM to visit Russia in December 15 November 2016 [12:38] Iran to abandon gasoline imports 15 November 2016 [11:39] ADB allocates $120M to improve water supply in Uzbekistan 15 November 2016 [10:43] Vladimir Putin holds phone talks with US President-Elect Donald Trump 14 November 2016 [18:00] Turkey to simplify granting citizenship to foreign investors 14 November 2016 [17:43] FM: Iran interested in purchase of Russian weapons 14 November 2016 [15:11] Foreign investments in Kazakhstan increase 14 November 2016 [14:56] President: Turkey may hold referendum on joining EU 14 November 2016 [10:43] Turkish FM slams EU chief’s remarks on terror arrests Most Popular China National Petroleum Corporation seeks wider involvement in SOCAR projects Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours World Bank expresses readiness to render technical assistance to Azerbaijan President Aliyev launches Beylagan city water supply, sewerage system Novruz Mammadov: Azerbaijan-USA cooperation will further develop SOCAR to broad its activities in Egypt Azerbaijan, Pakistan eye military cooperation Contact us: editor@today.az Copyright © 2005-2014 Today.Az Advertising
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 26° Air Quality: PSI 25-45 We set you thinking Monday 14 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Daily Focus 2016 on track for hottest year on record 1479125172 World Turkey closes Syrian border gate after clashes: governor 1479123804 World Disaster loss estimates ignore higher cost to poor - World Bank 1479123178 World Putin may discuss Syria with Obama in Peru: Kremlin spokesman 1479123351 World Three wounded in blast caused by suspicious package in Istanbul: CNN Turk 1479122511 Business UniCredit, SocGen decline to comment on merger rumor 1479123759 Business Election over, Congress pivots to lame-duck debate over spending 1479122347 World Democratic Republic of Congo prime minister resigns 1479121953 World Julian Assange questioned by prosecutors at Ecuador's embassy in London 1479120883 World Bulgarian PM Borisov resigns, snap parliamentary polls seen 1479121234 World Moldova's pro-Russian president-elect wants snap parliamentary election 1479119756 World Japan, South Korea sign preliminary intelligence-sharing pact on North Korea 1479119419 World Merkel's conservatives back foreign minister Steinmeier for president 1479120802 World Suicide bomber kills six near Iraq's Kerbala at start of Shi'ite ritual 1479120414 Business Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5 billion deal 1479114410 Business Samsung to buy car tech firm Harman for $8 billion, South Korea's biggest overseas deal 1479119609 Business 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market for $1 trillion loss 1479119977 World Declassify Auditor General’s 1MDB report, says Malaysia’s PKR 1479121875 Lifestyle Is your Airbnb host secretly making millions? 1479120076 World Double tectonic shifts may have teamed in New Zealand quake: experts 1479118386 Business China data point to steadier economy for now, but Trump victory adds to risks 1479118544 Business China's October property investment solid, but risks seen from curbs 1479118544 Business China reports rare drop in fiscal spending in October but no policy shift seen 1479118544 China&India In phone call, China's Xi tells Trump cooperation is only choice 1479118711 Business Oil pinned near three-month lows as gloom grows over OPEC 1479118927 Business Dollar soars as U.S. yields spike; global shares divided 1479118148 World 'Utter devastation' after major quake, aftershocks hit New Zealand 1479107530 World Organic farms help Thailand welcome cranes lost for 50 years 1479117960 World Boko Haram leader warns Trump: ‘War has just begun’ 1479117989 World Hungary's Jobbik to resubmit constitutional amendment on migrants 1479117367 World Russia says ready to move fast to fix ties with Washington: RIA 1479116389 World Malaysia opposition MP sentenced to jail over 1MDB leak 1479117370 Singapore ERP rates reduced for 25 gantries from Nov 19 1479095760 World Russia and Iran in talks over $10 billion arms deal: RIA 1479115044 Business Dollar surges to 11-month high as bond rout continues 1479114699 China&India Animal rights groups urge permanent move for 'saddest' polar bear 1479113460 World Thailand's 'floating basket' festival muted as country mourns king 1479114000 World Duterte says if Islamic State comes to Philippines, forget human rights 1479112547 World Seven Pakistani soldiers killed by Indian shelling: Pakistan military 1479112119 World Italy's Renzi suggests he may not stay on if referendum fails 1479111966 World Trump’s long to-do list for day 1 1479114078 Business Volkswagen's Audi in talks for second China tie-up, dealers uneasy 1479113016 World Indonesian toddler dies after church attack 1479113100 World Indonesia Miss Transgender crowned in a slap for hardliners 1479112860 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479112098 World New Zealand well-placed to meet multi-billion dollar quake bill 1479108940 China&India First woman to fly China’s J-10 fighter killed in crash 1479110478 World Indonesian police arrest five after church attack 1479107641 World Australia PM says asylum seekers to be resettled in U.S. after Trump takes office 1479106703 Business Europe's top truck makers could face 100 billion euro cartel damages claim 1479107556 Business In big week for air expos, defense jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile The first C919 passenger jet made by the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac) is pulled out during a news conference at the company's factory in Shanghai. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:50 PM, October 31, 2016 ZHUHAI, China - From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons makers beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defense spending that until recently weighed on arms firms. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after a decade-long winning streak. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defense is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai on Tuesday - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defense trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014.  Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. C919 - FYING SOON? Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed maiden flight of state-owned Comac's 150-seat C919 jetliner - Beijing's effort to challenge the civil aerospace domination of Airbus Group <AIR.PA> and Boeing Co <BA.N>. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. "When it was launched the C919 was supposed to fly in 2014. Now it is 2016 and it hasn't flown, because developing a commercial jet has been much harder than they expected," said China aerospace expert Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week. The delays mean the jet is launching into a civil market looking softer due to slowing growth - a subject set to dominate discussion when 1,000 commercial jet financiers gather at the two-day Airline Economics conference this week in Hong Kong. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which had resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." Those concerns deepened when parts supplier Honeywell <HON.N> predicted fewer deliveries next year. INDO DEFENSE Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defense arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy around 8 Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Rivals contractors are fighting to stay in contention for the deal to supply Jakarta with fighters, in what one Western source described as a test for efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce more transparency in big-ticket deals. Rivals Lockheed Martin <LMT.N>, Sweden's Saab <SAABb.ST> and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defense. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With dollars scarce, Egypt's newly floated pound weakens While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? What are the differences leading a start-up vs an MNC? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Inside Today World 2016 on track for hottest year on record Turkey closes Syrian border gate after clashes: governor Putin may discuss Syria with Obama in Peru: Kremlin spokesman Disaster loss estimates ignore higher cost to poor - World Bank Three wounded in blast caused by suspicious package in Istanbul: CNN Turk Business UniCredit, SocGen decline to comment on merger rumor Election over, Congress pivots to lame-duck debate over spending 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market for $1 trillion loss Samsung to buy car tech firm Harman for $8 billion, South Korea's biggest overseas deal Oil pinned near three-month lows as gloom grows over OPEC Sports Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore I don’t fear permanent England job, says Southgate before final GAME Reds’ Coutinho following in Neymar’s footsteps Venus and Serena give back to their childhood community Girl power as 15,000 turn up at Great Eastern Women’s Run Entertainment Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 31 October 2016 | MYT 5:32 PM In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile by tim hepherandbrenda goh ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons makers beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending that until recently weighed on arms firms. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after a decade-long winning streak. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defence is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai on Tuesday - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defence trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014.  Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. C919 - FYING SOON? Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed maiden flight of state-owned Comac's 150-seat C919 jetliner - Beijing's effort to challenge the civil aerospace domination of Airbus Group and Boeing Co. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. "When it was launched the C919 was supposed to fly in 2014. Now it is 2016 and it hasn't flown, because developing a commercial jet has been much harder than they expected," said China aerospace expert Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week. The delays mean the jet is launching into a civil market looking softer due to slowing growth - a subject set to dominate discussion when 1,000 commercial jet financiers gather at the two-day Airline Economics conference this week in Hong Kong. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which had resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." Those concerns deepened when parts supplier Honeywell predicted fewer deliveries next year. INDO DEFENCE Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defence arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy around 8 Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Rivals contractors are fighting to stay in contention for the deal to supply Jakarta with fighters, in what one Western source described as a test for efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce more transparency in big-ticket deals. Rivals Lockheed Martin, Sweden's Saab and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defence. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in ORLANDO, Florida; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Dept: Need further studies on Malacca relics Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Trump leans toward loyalists as he mulls U.S. Cabinet picks Some 14 million in northeast Nigeria may need humanitarian aid in 2017 - U.N. Little-known Republican becomes Trump liaison in Congress Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Most Viewed in News Heavy downpour brings traffic to a crawl along swamped LDP Zuraida refuses to accept apology from Jamal Yunos Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Adam Rosly: I purchased house with hard-earned cash Businessman’s luxury cars and bungalow seen in social media Zuraida questions approval for Jamal's helicopter ride Jamal baffled how PKR Youth division leader can afford 'castle' home Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement Family of Chinese student forced to give nude selfies to loan sharks to pay off her debts Ampang PKR Youth chief claims wealth is from successful business ventures Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile By Reuters Published: 05:25 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 05:25 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Oct 31 (Reuters) - From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons makers beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending that until recently weighed on arms firms. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after a decade-long winning streak. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defence is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai on Tuesday - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defence trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014. Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. C919 - FYING SOON? Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed maiden flight of state-owned Comac's 150-seat C919 jetliner - Beijing's effort to challenge the civil aerospace domination of Airbus Group and Boeing Co. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. "When it was launched the C919 was supposed to fly in 2014. Now it is 2016 and it hasn't flown, because developing a commercial jet has been much harder than they expected," said China aerospace expert Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week. The delays mean the jet is launching into a civil market looking softer due to slowing growth - a subject set to dominate discussion when 1,000 commercial jet financiers gather at the two-day Airline Economics conference this week in Hong Kong. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which had resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." Those concerns deepened when parts supplier Honeywell predicted fewer deliveries next year. INDO DEFENCE Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defence arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy around 8 Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Rivals contractors are fighting to stay in contention for the deal to supply Jakarta with fighters, in what one Western source described as a test for efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce more transparency in big-ticket deals. Rivals Lockheed Martin, Sweden's Saab and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defence. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in ORLANDO, Florida; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Travel China’s Civilian Airport Market Welcomes Private Capital Travel China’s Civilian Airport Market Welcomes Private Capital Oct 31, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Shanghai Hongqiao Airport. [Xinhua] Chinese civilian airport market is now fully accessible to private capital as the national aviation authority issues a sweeping rights-granting guideline Sunday. The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) rolled out the red carpet for private capital in all civilian airport projects that are planned in the country’s outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Financing for civilian airports’ construction and operation under public-private partnerships will be encouraged to improve “service quality and efficiency,” according to the guideline, which points to a reduced number of state-owned or state-holding airports. Private capital is permitted in participating in the construction and operation of civilian airports and their affiliated facilities via franchising, transfer of operation or stock right, and entrusted operation. Private investment no longer needs the agency’s approval to fund terminals, logistics and warehousing, ground services and other operations of entirely civilian airports. Qualified private and foreign investment are now admitted to providing intermediary services such as counseling, designing and maintenance to civilian airports, according to the guideline. The country also fully opens the market of general aviation airport construction, launchpad for a fledgling industry with a market value projected to hit 150 billion yuan (about 22 billion U.S. dollars) by 2020. Investment source for general airports is not limited, as well as inter-investment between general airports and other market entities, CAAC said. China will become the world’s first aviation market to exceed one trillion U.S. dollars in value in 20 years, according to a forecast by the U.S. airplane giant Boeing. The country is predicted to demand 6,810 new airplanes over the next two decades, with the total value of new aircraft reaching 1.025 trillion dollars. However, insufficient number of civilian airports especially general airports is hampering China’s ability to meet the demands of a booming consumer market, fueled by rising income and more service consumption. Opening the door to private capital is believed to alleviate the government’s financial pressure and accelerate the building of civilian airports. Source: Xinhua/NewsGhana.com.gh Do you have more to share about this story - photos or video etc - you can send them to: (newsghana101@gmail.com) TAGS Airport CAPITAL China civilian fully Market opens Private SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleChina Considers Revising Its SMEs Law Next articleChina: Amazon Unveils New Shipping Program News Ghana RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Promoting Tourism: TOUGHA Signs Agreement With South Africa GTA Moves To Promote Tourism China to become Asia Pacific’s largest cruise tourism market LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts Happy Odonkor Hits Street With New Album Effects Of Trump’s Election On Nigeria Nigerian Senate Disapproves Buhari’s Ambassadorial Nominee MTN Awarded With 4g Lte Engineering Excellence The Need For Peace In Ghana BREAKING NEWS Nov. 15 world news summary at 0045 GMT Nov. 13 major Zambian media outlets Nov. 13 major South African media outlets Nov. 13 major Kenyan media outlets ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 23 497 2832 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2014 News Ghana
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New Partnership Makes Seattle-Tacoma International Airport the World’s First Airport to Proactively Explore Long-Term Financing for Sustainable Aviation Fuels New Partnership Makes Seattle-Tacoma International Airport the World’s First Airport to Proactively Explore Long-Term Financing for Sustainable Aviation Fuels Posted on October 31, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer New partnership with Carbon War Room and SkyNRG makes Seattle-Tacoma International Airport the world’s first airport to proactively explore long-term financing for sustainable aviation fuels Seattle, Washington (PRWEB) October 31, 2016 The Port of Seattle, SkyNRG and Carbon War Room (CWR) today announced a groundbreaking partnership to investigate long-term financing mechanisms that could supply all airlines at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (Sea-Tac) with sustainable aviation fuels. Sea-Tac is the first airport in the world to initiate this step to provide an airport-wide sustainable aviation fuel supply for all routine airline operations. “The demand for sustainable aviation fuel is there, but right now it is more expensive and complicated to source,” said Port of Seattle Commission President John Creighton. “We want to make it simple and cost-effective for all airlines to access sustainable aviation fuels and ideally create a model that can work for airports around the United States.” Currently, biofuel supply agreements in the U.S. are being made through individual, expensive contracts between producers and airlines. This new partnership aims to accelerate the transition of sustainable aviation fuel from an alternative product used by a few select airlines, to a standard product that is used by all airlines at the airport. CWR and SkyNRG will work with Sea-Tac to evaluate specific funding mechanisms to cover any cost difference between sustainable aviation fuels and conventional fuels. The long-term ambition includes strategizing with decision makers regarding locally sourced fuel and future regional economic investments, identifying supply routes for the sustainable aviation fuel, and ensuring that any alternative fuels used at Sea-Tac are truly sustainable, avoiding both competition with food and impact to habitat. “The UNFCCC Paris Agreement’s ambition of well-below 2 degrees temperature rise cannot be achieved without the participation of the aviation industry, with its emissions projected to consume approximately a quarter of the world’s remaining carbon budget by 2050,” said Jules Kortenhorst, CEO of Rocky Mountain Institute-Carbon War Room. “The emissions trajectory provides a huge opportunity for market actors to accelerate aviation’s decarbonization, and in the process, enhance their energy supply chains. These kinds of efforts, alongside ICAO’s global market-based measure, can help the industry reach the goals defined by the Paris Agreement.” Carbon War Room and SkyNRG are engaging airports to act as the key orchestrator of the procurement and delivery of sustainable aviation fuels, aggregating funds and demand for all stakeholders. By integrating the fuel directly into the on-airport fueling infrastructure, at an airport-wide blend ratio, this standardization will send a strong and consistent demand signal to the sustainable aviation fuel industry, which will boost investor confidence and catalyze industry growth. “Airports are in a unique position, operating at the intersection between airlines, fuel suppliers, governments, passengers and local communities. They are perfectly positioned to support sustainable aviation fuels’ transition from isolated transactions to regular operations,” said Theye Veen, CFO of SkyNRG. This is the next step in a process that began late last year by the Port of Seattle with a $250,000 Biofuel Infrastructure Feasibility Study, in partnership with Alaska Airlines and Boeing, that will assess costs and infrastructure necessary to deliver sustainable aviation fuel to aircraft at Sea-Tac. That study is expected to be released in early 2017. About Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Operated by the Port of Seattle, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA, KSEA) is ranked as the 13th busiest U.S. airport, serving nearly 42.3 million passengers and more than 332,000 metric tons of air cargo in 2015. With a regional economic impact of more than $16.3 billion in business revenue, Sea-Tac generates 171,796 jobs (109,924 direct jobs) representing over $2.8 billion in direct earnings and more than $565 million in state and local taxes. Thirty-six airlines serve 81 non-stop domestic and 21 international destinations. About Carbon War Room Carbon War Room (CWR) was founded in 2009 as a global nonprofit by Sir Richard Branson and a group of like-minded entrepreneurs. It intervenes in markets to accelerate the adoption of business solutions that reduce carbon emissions at gigaton scale and advance the low-carbon economy. CWR merged with Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) in 2014 and now operates as an RMI business unit. The combined organization engages businesses, communities, institutions, and entrepreneurs to transform global energy use to create a clean, prosperous, and secure low-carbon future. http://www.carbonwarroom.com About SkyNRG SkyNRG is the global market leader for sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), having supplied over 25 airlines on all continents worldwide. SkyNRG sources, blends and distributes SAF, guarantees sustainability throughout the supply chain and helps to co-fund the premium. At the same time, SkyNRG focuses on developing regional supply chains that offer a real sustainable and affordable alternative to fossil fuels. SkyNRG has its operations RSB certified and is structurally advised by an independent Sustainability Board in which the WWF International, Solidaridad and the Energy Academy Europe hold a seat. http://www.skynrg.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13808151.htm Latest News Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2016 Greenberg Traurig Texas Expands with Addition of 3 Attorneys: Former Houston City Controller Ronald C. Green and 2 Associates Clearview Resolution Services Sends Employees on Thanksgiving Retreat DIC Announces Major Expansion of Production Capacity for Linablue® – The #1 Natural Blue Food Coloring on Earth In Thanksgiving Spirit, Clearview Resolution Services Donates Office Equipment Yauatcha Waikiki To Host Job Fair November 19-21 Clearview Resolution Services Hosts Potluck Dinner Nov. 21 Pennsylvania Businesses Led by Smith Land & Improvement Corporation, Governor Tom Wolf, and Lawmakers Declared November Small Business Month in Pennsylvania The American Addiction Treatment Association (AATA) is Proud to Partner with First Vendor: Infinity Behavioral Health Services WCPE FM Hosts New World Weekend © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases New Partnership Makes Seattle-Tacoma International Airport the World’s First Airport to Proactively Explore Long-Term Financing for Sustainable Aviation Fuels Seattle, Washington (PRWEB) October 31, 2016 The Port of Seattle, SkyNRG and Carbon War Room (CWR) today announced a groundbreaking partnership to investigate long-term financing mechanisms that could supply all airlines at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (Sea-Tac) with sustainable aviation fuels. Sea-Tac is the first airport in the world to initiate this step to provide an airport-wide sustainable aviation fuel supply for all routine airline operations. “The demand for sustainable aviation fuel is there, but right now it is more expensive and complicated to source,” said Port of Seattle Commission President John Creighton. “We want to make it simple and cost-effective for all airlines to access sustainable aviation fuels and ideally create a model that can work for airports around the United States.” Currently, biofuel supply agreements in the U.S. are being made through individual, expensive contracts between producers and airlines. This new partnership aims to accelerate the transition of sustainable aviation fuel from an alternative product used by a few select airlines, to a standard product that is used by all airlines at the airport. CWR and SkyNRG will work with Sea-Tac to evaluate specific funding mechanisms to cover any cost difference between sustainable aviation fuels and conventional fuels. The long-term ambition includes strategizing with decision makers regarding locally sourced fuel and future regional economic investments, identifying supply routes for the sustainable aviation fuel, and ensuring that any alternative fuels used at Sea-Tac are truly sustainable, avoiding both competition with food and impact to habitat. “The UNFCCC Paris Agreement’s ambition of well-below 2 degrees temperature rise cannot be achieved without the participation of the aviation industry, with its emissions projected to consume approximately a quarter of the world’s remaining carbon budget by 2050,” said Jules Kortenhorst, CEO of Rocky Mountain Institute-Carbon War Room. “The emissions trajectory provides a huge opportunity for market actors to accelerate aviation’s decarbonization, and in the process, enhance their energy supply chains. These kinds of efforts, alongside ICAO’s global market-based measure, can help the industry reach the goals defined by the Paris Agreement.” Carbon War Room and SkyNRG are engaging airports to act as the key orchestrator of the procurement and delivery of sustainable aviation fuels, aggregating funds and demand for all stakeholders. By integrating the fuel directly into the on-airport fueling infrastructure, at an airport-wide blend ratio, this standardization will send a strong and consistent demand signal to the sustainable aviation fuel industry, which will boost investor confidence and catalyze industry growth. “Airports are in a unique position, operating at the intersection between airlines, fuel suppliers, governments, passengers and local communities. They are perfectly positioned to support sustainable aviation fuels’ transition from isolated transactions to regular operations,” said Theye Veen, CFO of SkyNRG. This is the next step in a process that began late last year by the Port of Seattle with a $250,000 Biofuel Infrastructure Feasibility Study, in partnership with Alaska Airlines and Boeing, that will assess costs and infrastructure necessary to deliver sustainable aviation fuel to aircraft at Sea-Tac. That study is expected to be released in early 2017. About Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Operated by the Port of Seattle, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA, KSEA) is ranked as the 13th busiest U.S. airport, serving nearly 42.3 million passengers and more than 332,000 metric tons of air cargo in 2015. With a regional economic impact of more than $16.3 billion in business revenue, Sea-Tac generates 171,796 jobs (109,924 direct jobs) representing over $2.8 billion in direct earnings and more than $565 million in state and local taxes. Thirty-six airlines serve 81 non-stop domestic and 21 international destinations. About Carbon War Room Carbon War Room (CWR) was founded in 2009 as a global nonprofit by Sir Richard Branson and a group of like-minded entrepreneurs. It intervenes in markets to accelerate the adoption of business solutions that reduce carbon emissions at gigaton scale and advance the low-carbon economy. CWR merged with Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) in 2014 and now operates as an RMI business unit. The combined organization engages businesses, communities, institutions, and entrepreneurs to transform global energy use to create a clean, prosperous, and secure low-carbon future. http://www.carbonwarroom.com About SkyNRG SkyNRG is the global market leader for sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), having supplied over 25 airlines on all continents worldwide. SkyNRG sources, blends and distributes SAF, guarantees sustainability throughout the supply chain and helps to co-fund the premium. At the same time, SkyNRG focuses on developing regional supply chains that offer a real sustainable and affordable alternative to fossil fuels. SkyNRG has its operations RSB certified and is structurally advised by an independent Sustainability Board in which the WWF International, Solidaridad and the Energy Academy Europe hold a seat. http://www.skynrg.com Share article on social media or email: Author karolPosted on October 31, 2016October 31, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Cloud Equity Group Acquires SSD Hosting Provider ComfortHost Next Next post: Winder Farms and Pago Restaurant Group Are Teaming Up Search for: Search Recent Posts Memorandum of Understanding between the Consular Network of Mexico in Texas and the Court Appointed Special Advocates for Children (Texas CASA) Pacific Iron Ore Corporation: Unable to Close Transaction on Sale of Ontario Gold Properties BrainChip Announces the Appointment of Julie H. Stein to the Board of Directors Water Leaders “Bringing Water Together” at ACWA Fall Conference & Exhibition Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. Investigated For Securities Fraud By Block & Leviton After Announcing Restatement Of Financial Results Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
16.11.2016 04:37   новости на русском azərbaycan dilində Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Main page Latest News Analytics Politics Business Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Azernews.az World news Weird / Interesting Photo Galleries Voice of Diaspora Your Corner Mehriban Aliyeva attends "Stars of Absheron. Azerbaijani artists of 1960-1980s" exhibition in Moscow [UPDATE] President Aliyev: Azerbaijan must also export cereals in future NATO keen to continue political dialogue with Azerbaijan EU issues mandate for negotiations with Azerbaijan on new agreement President Aliyev: We will never allow creation of second Armenian state on our lands POPULAR NEWS 2017 Formula 1 Grand Prix of Europe tickets on sale from December EU stays committed to Azerbaijan's territorial integrity Azerbaijan plans to develop rail tourism Experts predicts good news on Karabakh for upcoming year President Aliyev approves MoU on TANAP Azerbaijan seeks to strengthen protection of copyrights POLITICS Defense Minister visits Mobile Command Post of Azerbaijani Air Force 15 November [16:27] Azerbaijani FM heads to Portugal 15 November [12:00] Azerbaijan, Moldova to hold political consultations 15 November [10:50] Armenian armed units violated ceasefire with Azerbaijan 29 times throughout the day 14 November [11:00] Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 15 times in 24 hours 13 November [11:35] Armenia breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 32 times in 24 hours 12 November [13:35] Armenia once again breaks ceasefire with Azerbaijan 11 November [11:15] Armenia continues breaking ceasefire with Azerbaijan 10 November [17:36] Foreign Ministry removes Bulgarian traveler from ‘black list’ WEIRD / INTERESTING When It Comes to Success, Age Really Is Just a Number 04 November [17:25] Sleep Poorly? You May Eat Too Much the Next Day 06 October [14:15] Ways of overcoming depression 26 September [15:31] Ankara expects Washington to speed up Gulen’s extradition – Foreign Minister 19 August [12:39] Tips for a perfect Hollywood smile 28 July [18:11] Leonardo da Vinci`s lessons in design genius ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Baku to bring together mugham masters and Argentine musicians 14 November [18:15] 110th anniversary of great carpet-maker 14 November [17:03] Baku to honor memory of great artist 12 November [10:00] Turkic Culture and Heritage Foundation, IRCICA to sign MoU 11 November [18:00] Baku hosts exhibition of national jewelry, dresses [VIDEO] 11 November [16:17] Don’t miss art event in Icherisheher: "ART WEEK-END" 10 November [18:51] Uzbekistan through eyes of Azerbaijani children 10 November [17:51] European Film Festival named cultural bridge between Azerbaijan, EU BUSINESS Manat rate not to be lower than 1.7024 AZN/USD November 16 15 November [17:43] More state properties privatized 15 November [11:20] Azerbaijan Railways, ADB mull int’l transport projects 15 November [10:18] Currency rates for November 15 14 November [17:36] List of mortgage services to be expanded 14 November [16:27] SOCAR provides population with about 200 mcm of gas 14 November [16:10] Over 100 state enterprices to be put up for privatization 14 November [14:32] Azerbaijan ranks among main tomato exporters to Russia 14 November [12:35] SOCAR to broad its activities in Egypt 12 November [16:59] Azerbaijan issues map of bank branches for tourists 12 November [13:48] SOCAR to take up to 10% of Romanian energy market SPORTS Young Azerbaijani taekwondo fighters to compete at World Championships 15 November [14:34] Azerbaijani U23 judo fighter crowned European champion 14 November [13:50] Azerbaijani sambo wrestler won silver medal at World Championship 14 November [13:17] ABU Baku start Challenge Cup with victory 11 November [14:21] Azerbaijan’s Gasimov and Orujov top IJF World Ranking 11 November [13:20] Odlar Yurdu make successful start to European Chess Club Cup 10 November [15:25] Nakhchivan to host International Karate Junior-Cup 10 November [11:17] Azerbaijani U23 wrestlers to compete in “Alrosa” Intercontinental Cup 08 November [12:13] Young champion with strong will 07 November [13:26] Azerbaijani GM to vie for medals at Serbian Open Championship 2016 04 November [14:45] FC Qarabag ready for PAOK match WORLD NEWS Iranian President supports idea of visa-free regime with Russia 15 November [12:52] Turkish PM to visit Russia in December 15 November [12:38] Iran to abandon gasoline imports 15 November [11:39] ADB allocates $120M to improve water supply in Uzbekistan 15 November [10:43] Vladimir Putin holds phone talks with US President-Elect Donald Trump 14 November [18:00] Turkey to simplify granting citizenship to foreign investors 14 November [17:43] FM: Iran interested in purchase of Russian weapons 14 November [15:11] Foreign investments in Kazakhstan increase OUR NEWSLINE 15 November [18:00]Manat rate not to be lower than 1.7024 AZN/USD November 16 15 November [17:43]More state properties privatized 15 November [17:26]2017 Formula 1 Grand Prix of Europe tickets on sale from December 15 November [17:05]EU stays committed to Azerbaijan's territorial integrity 15 November [16:35]Defense Minister visits Mobile Command Post of Azerbaijani Air Force 15 November [16:27]Azerbaijani FM heads to Portugal 15 November [16:00]Young Azerbaijani taekwondo fighters to compete at World Championships 15 November [15:40]Baku to bring together mugham masters and Argentine musicians 15 November [15:26]Azerbaijan plans to develop rail tourism 15 November [15:18]Mehriban Aliyeva attends "Stars of Absheron. Azerbaijani artists of 1960-1980s" exhibition in Moscow [UPDATE] 15 November [15:00]President Aliyev: Azerbaijan must also export cereals in future 15 November [14:34]Azerbaijani U23 judo fighter crowned European champion 15 November [14:26]Iranian President supports idea of visa-free regime with Russia 15 November [14:17]Experts predicts good news on Karabakh for upcoming year 15 November [13:51]President Aliyev approves MoU on TANAP 15 November [13:19]Azerbaijan seeks to strengthen protection of copyrights 15 November [12:59]OSCE MG hopes for ministerial meeting on Nagorno-Karabakh 15 November [12:52]Turkish PM to visit Russia in December 15 November [12:38]Iran to abandon gasoline imports 15 November [12:26]President allocates funds for renovation activities in Horadiz 15 November [12:00]Azerbaijan, Moldova to hold political consultations 15 November [11:39]ADB allocates $120M to improve water supply in Uzbekistan 15 November [11:20]Azerbaijan Railways, ADB mull int’l transport projects 15 November [10:50]Armenian armed units violated ceasefire with Azerbaijan 29 times throughout the day 15 November [10:43]Vladimir Putin holds phone talks with US President-Elect Donald Trump 15 November [10:27]NATO keen to continue political dialogue with Azerbaijan 15 November [10:18]Currency rates for November 15 14 November [18:15]110th anniversary of great carpet-maker 14 November [18:00]Turkey to simplify granting citizenship to foreign investors 14 November [17:57]EU issues mandate for negotiations with Azerbaijan on new agreement 14 November [17:43]FM: Iran interested in purchase of Russian weapons 14 November [17:36]List of mortgage services to be expanded 14 November [17:19]Baku marks 90th anniversary of 1st Turkish Congress 14 November [17:03]Baku to honor memory of great artist 14 November [16:53]November 14: Eyes on diabetes 14 November [16:27]SOCAR provides population with about 200 mcm of gas 14 November [16:10]Over 100 state enterprices to be put up for privatization 14 November [15:55]New university to appear in country 14 November [15:25]World witnesses biggest supermoon in 68 years 14 November [15:11]Foreign investments in Kazakhstan increase 14 November [14:56]President: Turkey may hold referendum on joining EU 14 November [14:32]Azerbaijan ranks among main tomato exporters to Russia 14 November [14:17]“Where were you when Armenia staged exercises in occupied Agdam?” » All news for today Latest poll Total votes: Poll archive Contact us: editor@today.az Copyright © 2005-2014 Today.Az Advertising
Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ AppStore RSS Wednesday November 16 2016 Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Home Home Nation World Business Oil & Gas Armenian Aggression Nagorno-karabakh conflict Editorial Analysis Lifestyle Events Healthcare Culture Sports Travel Baku Chess Olympiad Uzbekistan Airways sees fall in passenger transportation 31 October 2016 10:34 (UTC+04:00) 745 By Gunay hasanova Uzbekistan National Airways carried 1.882 million passengers in January-September 2016, which is 5 percent less than in the same period of 2015. The company reported that some 856,700 passengers were transported to the CIS countries (4.2 percent decrease), 624,600 passengers to the far abroad countries (0.8 percent increase), 400,600 passengers - on domestic flights (14.4 percent decrease). The volume of cargo transportations of the airline amounted to 30,600 tons compared to 31,000 tons in January-September of 2015 (a 1.6 percent decrease). “Cargo aircraft of the airline carried out 734 flights in January-September 2016, which is 46 flights more than during the same period last year,” the message said. During the reporting period, Uzbekistan Airways opened Tashkent-Voronezh regular flight. Uzbekistan Airways is the monopoly carrier in Uzbekistan and is wholly owned by the state. Its fleet currently consists of 30 aircraft of western production, including 12 Boeings (four 767-300, five 757-200, two 767- 300-ER and one Boeing-787-800 Dreamliner), 13 Airbuses (three A-310 and ten A-320-200), three medium-range RJ-85 planes and two Boeing-767-300BCF cargo planes. Uzbekistan Airways conducts flights to over 20 cities in Europe, America, Middle East, Asia, and in 22 cities of countries of Commonwealth of Independent States and 11 destinations on local airlines. In 2015, the Uzbek airline decreased the transportation of passengers by 2 percent, or to 2.572 million passengers compared to 2014. The volume of freight transportations decreased by 2.8 percent, to 41,800 tons in 2015. --- Follow us on Twitter @AzerNewsAz   #UZBEKISTAN AIRWAYS Related News Latest Popular 15 November 18:29 • AmCham proposes to establish agency to work with foreign investors 15 November 18:21 • ADB makes decision on distribution of excess financial means 15 November 18:11 • Bookmate users exceed 11,000 15 November 17:52 • Customs committee transfers 1.8B manat to state budget 15 November 17:50 • Turkey's Erdogan to visit Pakistan, Uzbekistan 15 November 17:37 • Armenian economist warns about catastrophic situation in country 15 November 17:37 • CBA reveals manat rate for November 16 15 November 17:30 • Azerbaijan, ADB eye strenthened cooperation 15 November 17:14 • Azerbaijani Army continue large-scale drills in Nakhchivan [PHOTO] 15 November 17:11 • Mehriban Aliyeva attends "Stars of Absheron. Azerbaijani artists of 1960-1980s" exhibition in Moscow [UPDATE/ PHOTO] 15 November 17:05 • Protesters demand Armenian authorities to stop robbery 15 November 16:53 • Baku expects EU to show clear position on Karabakh conflict resolution 15 November 16:38 • National GMs to vie for European medals [PHOTO] 15 November 16:35 • Over 2,000 foreigners deported 15 November 16:22 • Oil prices soar ahead of OPEC Vienna meeting 15 November 16:17 • Kazakhstan reveals inflation forecast for 2017-2018 15 November 16:07 • SOCAR to expand activities in West Africa 15 November 15:53 • More state properties privatized [PHOTO] 15 November 15:38 • S&P: Azerbaijan's economic growth positive factor for Georgia 15 November 15:27 • FM: Karabakh conflict to remain unresolved until Armenia withdraws its troops 15 November 15:27 • 2017 Formula 1 Grand Prix of Europe tickets on sale from December [PHOTO] 15 November 15:08 • Iranian President supports idea of visa-free regime with Russia 15 November 13:19 • Azerbaijan plans to develop rail tourism 15 November 17:11 • Mehriban Aliyeva attends "Stars of Absheron. Azerbaijani artists of 1960-1980s" exhibition in Moscow [UPDATE/ PHOTO] 15 November 16:22 • Oil prices soar ahead of OPEC Vienna meeting 15 November 11:10 • Azerbaijan Railways, ADB eye transport projects 15 November 14:58 • President Aliyev: Azerbaijan must also export cereals in future 15 November 11:46 • Iran to abandon gasoline imports 15 November 16:07 • SOCAR to expand activities in West Africa 15 November 14:40 • Ex-ambassador: Change of name of Karabakh may ignite war 15 November 15:27 • FM: Karabakh conflict to remain unresolved until Armenia withdraws its troops 15 November 15:38 • S&P: Azerbaijan's economic growth positive factor for Georgia 15 November 15:53 • More state properties privatized [PHOTO] 15 November 17:30 • Azerbaijan, ADB eye strenthened cooperation 15 November 14:30 • Azerbaijan shots down another Armenian UAV 15 November 10:22 • Baku Expo center to host Bakutel 2016 [PHOTO] 15 November 12:21 • Experts predicts good news on Karabakh for upcoming year 15 November 09:58 • The Secret of Dubai’s Success 15 November 16:17 • Kazakhstan reveals inflation forecast for 2017-2018 15 November 17:50 • Turkey's Erdogan to visit Pakistan, Uzbekistan AzerNews Newspaper Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Information About us Contacts Advertising Azernews In Print News Archive © 2016 AzerNews. All rights reserved
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate China’s civilian airport market now open to private capital PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Beijing, Oct 31:   China’s civilian airport market has now been made fully accessible to private capital for the first time with the national aviation authority issuing sweeping rights-granting guidelines, official media reported today. The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) rolled out the red carpet for private capital in all civilian airport projects that are planned in the country’s outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Financing for civilian airports’ construction and operation under public-private partnerships will be encouraged to improve “service quality and efficiency”, an official guideline, which points to a reduced number of state-owned or state-holding airports, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. Private capital is permitted in participating in the construction and operation of civilian airports and their affiliated facilities via franchising, transfer of operation or stock right and entrusted operation. Private investment no longer needs the agency’s approval to fund terminals, logistics and warehousing, ground services and other operations of entirely civilian airports. Qualified private and foreign investment are now admitted to providing intermediary services such as counselling, designing and maintenance to civilian airports, the guideline said. The country also fully opens the market of general aviation airport construction, launchpad for a fledgling industry with a market value projected to hit 150 billion yuan (about $22 billion) by 2020. Investment source for general airports is not limited, as well as inter-investment between general airports and other market entities, CAAC said. China will become the world’s first aviation market to exceed $one trillion in value in 20 years, according to a forecast by the US airplane giant Boeing. The country is predicted to demand 6,810 new airplanes over the next two decades, with the total value of new aircraft reaching $1.025 trillion. However, insufficient number of civilian airports, especially general airports, is hampering China’s ability to meet the demands of a booming consumer market, fuelled by rising income and more service consumption. Opening the door to private capital is believed to alleviate the government’s financial pressure and accelerate the building of civilian airports. (This article was published on October 31, 2016) Related TOPICS World | China | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Donald Trump begins forming his team    Putin, Trump agree to normalise ties    ‘Trump victory second deepavali for Hindus’    Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants    Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help    China’s first aircraft carrier ‘combat ready’: Official    Ban hopes U.S. doesn’t abandon Paris pact    Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to rescue of embattled Sharif    Russia launches offensive in Syria, airstrikes hit Aleppo    Teacher in U.S. suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED How Trump’s win can impact Indian IT Global students may shun new, ‘less-welcoming’ US Employees scared for their safety after Trump’s win: Nooyi India to boost defence, security ties with Israel Trump says will take $1 as salary with no vacations Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Cooperation is the only choice: China’s Xi tells President-elect India-US strategic, defence ties will undergo paradigm shift Donald Trump credits social media for poll win India, Israel to discuss reviving defence deals, free trade talks during Rivlin visit Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in World India to boost defence, security ties with Israel Seeks help to combat terrorism » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Central Asia Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Airways decreases passengers transportation 31 October 2016 10:00 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Tashkent, Uzbekistan, Oct. 31 By Demir Azizov- Trend: Uzbekistan National Airways (Ozbekiston Havo Yollari) carried 1.882 million passengers in January-September 2016, which is 5 percent less than in the same period of 2015, according to the website of the company Oct. 31. Some 856,700 passengers were transported to the CIS countries (4.2 percent decrease), 624,600 passengers to the far abroad countries (0.8 percent increase), 400,600 passengers - on domestic flights (14.4 percent decrease). The volume of cargo transportations of the airline amounted to 30,600 tons compared to 31,000 tons in Jan.-Sept. of 2015 (a 1.6 percent decrease). “Cargo aircraft of the airline carried out 734 flights in January-September 2016, which is 46 flights more than during the same period last year,” the message said. During the reporting period, Uzbekistan Airways opened Tashkent-Voronezh regular flight. Uzbekistan Airways is the monopoly carrier in Uzbekistan and is wholly owned by the state. Its fleet currently consists of 30 aircraft of western production, including 12 Boeings (four 767-300, five 757-200, two 767- 300-ER and one Boeing-787-800 Dreamliner), 13 Airbuses (three A-310 and ten A-320-200), three medium-range RJ-85 planes and two Boeing-767-300BCF cargo planes. Uzbekistan Airways conducts flights to over 20 cities in Europe, America, Middle East, Asia, and in 22 cities of countries of Commonwealth of Independent States and 11 destinations on local airlines. In 2015, the Uzbek airline decreased the transportation of passengers by 2 percent, or to 2.572 million passengers compared to 2014. The volume of freight transportations decreased by 2.8 percent, to 41,800 tons in 2015. Tags: passenger transportation Uzbekistan Airways Related news Uzbekistan receives second Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner Economy news 7 November 10:34 Russia, Azerbaijan increase car routes for passenger transportation Economy news 20 October 20:01 Feasibility study developed for construction of new int’l terminal at Tashkent airport Economy news 4 August 16:06 Uzbekistan Airways reduces passenger transportation Uzbekistan 2 August 17:48 Delayed Istanbul-Tashkent flight to be carried out June 29 Uzbekistan 29 June 15:39 Passenger transportation increases in Azerbaijan Economy news 20 June 19:00 Azerbaijan increases passenger transportation since early 2016 Economy news 20 May 19:40 Passenger traffic increases in Kazakhstan Kazakhstan 16 May 20:47 Uzbekistan Airways to launch regular cargo flights to Tehran Uzbekistan 23 April 13:52 Passenger transportation volume increases in Kazakhstan Kazakhstan 15 April 12:20 Uzbekistan increases cargo transportation volume Economy news 26 March 12:36 Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan increase passenger transportation by sea Business 17 March 17:45 Uzbekistan Airways to buy aviation fuel via tender Uzbekistan 2 March 15:32 Azerbaijan increases passenger transportation in Jan. Economy news 24 February 20:06 Boeing, Uzbekistan Airways open center for repair of plane parts Economy news 1 February 08:23 Boeing, Uzbekistan Airways open center for repair of plane parts Economy news 30 January 11:12 Azerbaijan increases cargo, passenger transportation in 2015 Economy news 22 January 16:13 Azerbaijan increases cargo, passenger transportation Business 16 December 2015 20:16 Most popular Azerbaijan, Moldova to hold political consultations ADB allocates $120M to improve water supply in Uzbekistan Turkmenistan, Palestine sign documents in Ashgabat Ashgabat, Brussels mull aspects of trade, economic co-op Commentary Iran may ease up on capital punishment (exclusive) Why does UN disregard real problems? Trump won’t rip up Iran deal About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2016 Trend News Agency Terms of use
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile By Reuters Published: 01:48 EST, 31 October 2016 | Updated: 01:48 EST, 31 October 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Oct 31 (Reuters) - From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons firms beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending that's good news for military aircraft makers. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after record orders in recent years. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defence is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai on Tuesday - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defence trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014. Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. C919 LAUNCH - WHEN? Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed launch of state-owned aircraft maker Comac's 150-seat C919 passenger jetliner - Beijing's civil aerosopace effort to challenge the domination of Airbus Group and Boeing Co. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. "When it was launched the C919 was supposed to fly in 2014. Now it is 2016 and it hasn't flown, because developing a commercial jet has been much harder than they expected," said China aerospace expert Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week. The delays mean the jet is launching into a civil aviation market looking softer due to slowing growth - a subject set to dominate discussion on business jets when 1,000 financiers gather at the two-day Airline Economics conference this week in Hong Kong. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." INDO DEFENCE Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defence arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Potential rival suppliers are fighting to stay in contention to supply Jakarta with fighters, in what one Western source described as a test for efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce more transparency in big-ticket deals. Rivals Lockheed Martin, Sweden's Saab and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defence. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in ORLANDO, Florida; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNews Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews China's Civilian Airport Market Now Open to Private Capital With Signs of Trump Backing, Ryan Set to be Speaker Again Israel Demolishes Palestinian Structures in East Jerusalem, Hebron Russia Announces Major Offensive Against Rebel-held Northern Aleppo News18 » World 2-min read China's Civilian Airport Market Now Open to Private Capital Associated Press First published: October 31, 2016, 10:42 AM IST | Updated: October 31, 2016 Passengers walk to ticket counters of Air China at a terminal of Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing, China, March 28, 2016. (Photo: Reuters) Beijing: China's civilian airport market has now been made fully accessible to private capital for the first time with the national aviation authority issuing sweeping rights-granting guidelines, official media reported on Monday. The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) rolled out the red carpet for private capital in all civilian airport projects that are planned in the country's outline for airport development or special regional and industrial planning. Financing for civilian airports' construction and operation under public-private partnerships will be encouraged to improve "service quality and efficiency", an official guideline, which points to a reduced number of state-owned or state-holding airports, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. Private capital is permitted in participating in the construction and operation of civilian airports and their affiliated facilities via franchising, transfer of operation or stock right and entrusted operation. Private investment no longer needs the agency's approval to fund terminals, logistics and warehousing, ground services and other operations of entirely civilian airports. Qualified private and foreign investment are now admitted to providing intermediary services such as counseling, designing and maintenance to civilian airports, the guideline said. The country also fully opens the market of general aviation airport construction, launchpad for a fledgling industry with a market value projected to hit 150 billion yuan (about USD 22 billion) by 2020. Investment source for general airports is not limited, as well as inter-investment between general airports and other market entities, CAAC said. China will become the world's first aviation market to exceed one trillion US dollars in value in 20 years, according to a forecast by the US airplane giant Boeing. The country is predicted to demand 6,810 new airplanes over the next two decades, with the total value of new aircraft reaching USD 1.025 trillion. However, insufficient number of civilian airports especially general airports is hampering China's ability to meet the demands of a booming consumer market, fuelled by rising income and more service consumption. Opening the door to private capital is believed to alleviate the government's financial pressure and accelerate the building of civilian airports. China airports open to private capital Civil Aviation Administration of China Trending Articles Watch: Common Man Face Cash Crunch After Demonetisation Economists Say Black Money Helped India During Recession: Akhilesh People Reject Government That Inflicts Misery on Them: Akhilesh Yadav SC Refuses to Stay Demonetisation, Next Hearing on Nov 25 Trending Articles Watch: Common Man Face Cash Crunch After Demonetisation Economists Say Black Money Helped India During Recession: Akhilesh People Reject Government That Inflicts Misery on Them: Akhilesh Yadav SC Refuses to Stay Demonetisation, Next Hearing on Nov 25 Watch: Common Man Face Cash Crunch After Demonetisation Economists Say Black Money Helped India During Recession: Akhilesh People Reject Government That Inflicts Misery on Them: Akhilesh Yadav SC Refuses to Stay Demonetisation, Next Hearing on Nov 25 From Our Network 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow- FirstPost Will propose UNESCO to grant Bhojpuri heritage status: Mauritius PM - Pradesh18 Class X board exam for CBSE schools from 2017-18: Prakash Javadekar - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Eight-Year Old Kashmiri Girl Tajamul Islam Scripts Kick Boxing History KL Rahul Joins India Squad for 2nd Test Against England FIH President Narinder Batra Keen on Resuming India-Pak Hockey Ties With Signs of Trump Backing, Ryan Set to be Speaker Again ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC Back in Reckoning After 2-0 Win Over FC Pune City Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Around Town Diplomatica Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra What to do this week Hot Gigs: Dragonette in town Style Magazine Around Town Art Shows Developing Lebreton Flats Ottawa Festivals | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Indian Punjabi Clay Oven is a steady, spicy ... Local Arts What to do Tuesday: Cheese, wine and purrrrrrring National Why Shared Services was doomed to fail from the start Our Ottawa Around Town: Snowsuit Fund goes Bollywood at annual gala Homes Real estate: Five three-storey homes on the market 5 / 5 Money to burn – cancelled U.S. military equipment projects cost $58 billion David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: October 30, 2016 | Last Updated: October 30, 2016 9:53 PM EST This file photo taken December 26, 2011 shows the Pentagon building in Washington, DC. STAFF / AFP/Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print The latest news out of the Pentagon gives you an idea about the amount of money the U.S. has to spend on its equipment programs……and not always successfully. The U.S. Department of Defense reported last week that since 2002 it had chopped 22 programs that were in advanced development. The cancellations had been announced previously on an individual basis over the years but the new DoD report brings together the data, including what U.S. taxpayers spent on the development of the equipment projects. The total? $58.3 billion U.S. Among the weapons scrapped were Boeing’s ground-based vehicle network for the US Army (Future Combat System), a Northrop Grumman mini-submarine for Navy SEALs and the Comanche helicopter unit, according to an article written by Tony Capaccio of Bloomberg news.     Remembering the sacrifice of SAR Tech Sgt. Janick Gilbert RCAF aircraft carrying Trudeau turned back after indicator light showed plane’s... Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Americans fleeing Trump presidency could find work in Canada's new pot industry Local News 'This isn’t justice': Ex-soldier's murder charge stayed after four-year delay Local News Sens owner calls it 'unfair' to suggest he doesn't care about Ottawa after outdoor Hill ... Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Money to burn – cancelled U.S. military equipment projects cost $58 billion Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Vacation Stop E-edition Newsletter Reader Rewards Archives Bookstore News Community Education Elections Health and Safety Local History Nation Politics Public Safety Weather Business Market Basket Forty Under 40 Readers' Choice Classifieds General Cars Jobs Real Estate Place An Ad Information Opinion Entertainment Events Calendar Food Music Arts Movies Games Photos Photo Store Videos Market Basket Pet of the Week In the Bend Outdoor Adventures Obituaries View Arrangements Pending Submit Obituary Sports Notre Dame High School Sports College Professional Sports Life Outdoor Adventures Marshall King Dear Annie Celebrations About Advertise Contact Meet the Newsroom Careers Open Routes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local Nation Community Opinion Weather Local History Obits Arrangements Submit View Business Marketbasket Forty Readers' Choice Sports Notre Dame High School Sports College Professional Sports Entertainment Events Food Music Arts Etnews Movies Games Classifieds General Cars Jobs Real Estate Information Place an Ad E-Edition Subscribe Close 1 of 4 Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union worker John Hamilton sits outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20 in South Bend. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union workers sit outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20. They are, from left, John Hamilton, Robert Beduhn and Tom Simpson. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union workers sit outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20. They are (from left) John Hamilton, Robert Beduhn and Tom Simpson. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union workers John Hamilton, left, and Tom Simpson sit outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20 in South Bend. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ featured top story Have locked-out Honeywell workers in South Bend lost too much to recoup? Honeywell stalemate takes toll on UAW members By Ted Booker South Bend Tribune Ted Booker Oct 30, 2016 (…) Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union worker John Hamilton sits outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20 in South Bend. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union workers sit outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20. They are, from left, John Hamilton, Robert Beduhn and Tom Simpson. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union workers sit outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20. They are (from left) John Hamilton, Robert Beduhn and Tom Simpson. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ Buy Now Becky Malewitz Locked-out union workers John Hamilton, left, and Tom Simpson sit outside the Honeywell Aerospace plant on Oct. 20 in South Bend. Tribune Photo/BECKY MALEWITZ SOUTH BEND — Honeywell Aerospace and the United Auto Workers Local 9 have been in a war of wills for the past six months, each side waiting for the other to blink. But one side has an advantage in this standoff: While Honeywell is a multibillion-dollar company and continues to operate during the lockout, 317 union members locked out of the company's South Bend plant are watching their hard-earned savings bleed away. Entering the fifth round of negotiations this week, union members know they might never recoup $22,000 in wages that the average full-time worker has lost since the lockout began on May 9. But they remain united in an effort to preserve a health insurance package and other benefits that are on the chopping block in Honeywell's five-year contract offer. Many call it a "union-busting" offer, contending it would strip benefits the union has fought for decades to protect. And Honeywell, which is using temporary workers to run the plant on the city's west side, says it needs to trim health benefits to put them in line with what other company employees receive, especially as the aerospace industry is facing challenges that have resulted in sliding sales, profits and layoffs. 'Never felt so defeated' The lockout was triggered when union members voted by a 9-to-1 margin to reject Honeywell's five-year contract offer in early May, after the previous five-year contract expired. The typical worker's $22,000 in lost pay is based on an average wage of $22 an hour, which is $45,760 a year. And that doesn’t account for lost benefits and pay from overtime hours that workers often put in at the plant, where airplane brakes and wheels are made. The past half-year has been a struggle for union members, who won't return to work until they approve a new contract with a majority vote. Many have collected unemployment insurance during the lockout, but that peaks at $390 per week and will expire in November. Others have taken temporary jobs to make ends meet, and some have even sold their cars and homes. Union member Stephanie Blakely, a single mother who's worked nine years at the plant, said in an email that her family is “on the verge of being homeless" and blamed the "greedy and cruel" company. “I’ve never felt so defeated in my life," she said. “There’s no worse feeling than not being able to provide for your children." The plant is still operating with about 460 salaried employees, along with 300 temporary workers from Strom Engineering, a Minnesota firm that supplies staff for strikes and lockouts nationwide. ‘Getting close to that point’ From a strictly financial standpoint, do workers think they’ve already lost more than they could gain from benefits at stake in contract talks? “Not yet, but I think we’re getting close to that point,” said Robert Beduhn, who was among a handful of workers at a picket post outside the plant on a weekday in late October. To continue receiving union benefits, workers are required to staff posts for a total of eight hours per week or to fulfill other duties. Beduhn, 58, said he still thinks the union could make up the $22,000 in lost wages by retaining a portion of the health benefits that Honeywell wants to cut. Even so, he said the lockout is about more than dollars and cents. “It’s a matter of principle almost at this point,” Beduhn said. “We can’t keep continuing to give up our right to steady employment and job security over and over, contract after contract.” The union’s main objection is with the health care proposal, which would increase insurance costs and allow Honeywell to make changes without union approval at any time. Honeywell says it’s offering the same benefits available to most of its employees — union and nonunion — in the United States. "It's an increase compared to what they're used to, but for the last five years they haven't gone through health care increases that everyone else has," Honeywell spokesman Scott Sayres said. Cost breakdown Under the proposal, union employees would enroll in a new health plan and begin next year to get the same insurance as nonunion employees. Many employees have family insurance plans. Compared to the old contract, the weekly premium for such a plan would increase in 2017 by 68 percent to $114.80 from $68.34. Over five years, that's an increase of about $12,000 — and it doesn’t account for deductibles or co-payments. Premiums would jump again in 2018, but Honeywell hasn't said by how much. Members are also concerned about the annual out-of-pocket maximum cost. That is the maximum amount paid in deductibles and co-payments — but not premiums — before the plan covers all expenses. In 2017, that cost would more than double for plans under the proposal. And members are worried about higher deductibles that would need to be paid before co-insurance kicks in. Deductibles would more than quadruple in 2017. In 2018, deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums would increase even more. How much is at stake? Compared to the old contract, The Tribune estimates that a worker on a family plan could pay up to about $55,000 more in health-care costs over the five-year proposal. John Hamilton, 57, who has Type 2 diabetes, said he fears his health insurance costs would skyrocket under the proposal. “I use one drug that would be $3,000 a month if I had to pay for it. That’s out of my pocket the first month before they pay a dime,” he said. Though Hamilton said the lockout has been a struggle, he hopes the union membership won’t approve a contract that sacrifices a lot of benefits. "To be truthful, I think their strategy is working because you have a lot of members who are really hurting and suffering. They would vote to go back to work," he said. Workers also have other concerns about the contract offer. Among other things, it calls for removing paid absence allowance days to curb absenteeism, and freezing contributions to a long-standing “legacy” pension plan. Sayres, of Honeywell, said the company's offer comes as "the global aviation industry has lost nearly 35,000 jobs" in the past year. Sales and profits for Honeywell's Aerospace segment are down and a pair of the company's major customers — Boeing and Bombardier — have recently announced layoffs. Union members would get an 8 percent raise over five years under the proposal — except for those hired before 2006, who would receive lump-sum payments totaling $3,000. Sayres said the average total compensation of a union employee, including benefits and overtime, is more than $80,000. ‘Tail between their legs’ Local 9 officials have encouraged workers to maintain solidarity until a fair contract is negotiated. “We continue this fight to keep good-paying jobs with decent benefits,” said Bryan Rodgers, the union’s recording secretary. Though progress was made when the two parties met in October, “there are still a number of items that need to be addressed, and hopefully that happens in November.” Rallies outside the plant have been held to keep union members motivated. One of the speakers at a community rally in October was Daniel Graff, director of the Higgins Labor Program at the University of Notre Dame. Graff said lockouts often are used as a tool by corporations such as Honeywell to break the will of unions. Roughly 150 members of the United Steelworkers were locked out of a Honeywell plant that processes uranium in Metropolis, Ill., for eight months before ratifying a contract in March 2015. Workers at the South Bend plant, meanwhile, aren’t the only ones affected by the lockout. Forty-one UAW members at a Honeywell plant in Green Island, N.Y., also have been locked out because the union operates under the same master agreement as the one in South Bend. "I think union-busting is the right term," Graff said of the lockout. "They can't break the union and eliminate the bargaining relationship through a lockout, but they want to weaken the union so that it might result in things like electing new leaders who are much more pliable. … It's an attempt to bleed out the workers until they come back with the tail between their legs." Honeywell's Health Insurance Proposal by SBT_Reporter on Scribd Honeywell lockout by the numbers • South Bend workers locked out since May 9: 317 • Wages lost so far by average worker: $22,000 • Proposed raise in contract offer: 8 percent over five years • Proposed increase in health deductibles: more than four-fold • Proposed increase in out-of-pocked maximum cost: more than two-fold For more details on the contract proposal, visit goo.gl/mGs3C5 +2 Locked-out South Bend workers skeptical of Honeywell offer Some workers think proposal will be rejected Tags Pay Lockout South Bend Honeywell Uaw Union Ted Booker Follow Ted Booker Close Get email notifications on Ted Booker daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Ted Booker posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Ted Booker Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Most Popular Employers in Michiana rush to meet deadline for new overtime pay rule Martin's Super Markets looks to the future Union workers vote to reject Honeywell contract South Shore Line documentary to air Wednesday South Bend police investigate, confirm misconduct in majority of citizen complaints Search Sections Business Obituaries Services About Contact Advertise Careers Subscribe Activate © Copyright 2016 SouthBendTribune.com, 225 West Colfax Ave South Bend, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Mobile version Sign Up Login Home Lebanon Middle East World Business Sports Climate Change & Environment Entertainment Offbeat Culture Science Obituaries Technology Health Entrepreneurship Roundup En ع Low-Cost Air Carriers Spreading Wings over the Atlantic by Naharnet Newsdesk 30 October 2016, 13:59 Comment 0 Tweet Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland's Wow air, Canada's WestJet and Morocco's Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 percent in the summer of 2014 to 72 percent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines "are looking over their shoulders," said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "They could be a growing threat as they add more seats," he told AFP. "Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it's very small." - Half-price flights - Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of $398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than $600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at $149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest U.S. companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain's vote to quit the eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships -- SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld -- and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus's Neo and A350. "It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft," Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of $122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. - Cheaper fuel, cheaper tickets - The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers' greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, "Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country." Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions.  The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the U.S. East Coast and Europe.  "We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at," she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "Are they safe? Are they reliable?" he said. "All they have is low fares. They don't have a reputation." SourceAgence France Presse Business Comments 0 Comment 
 Name* Email Web site Popular Most Read Most Commented Lebanon Army Says Vehicles in Hizbullah Parade Not from Army's Arsenal 15 November 2016, 15:59 Lebanon Reports: Hariri Advises Forming 24-Minister Cabinet to Downsize Demands 15 November 2016, 08:53 Lebanon Roads Blocked in Protest at Arrest of Top Cellphone Dealer Kamel Amhaz 15 November 2016, 15:20 Lebanon Report: Aoun OKs 'Key' Marada Representation in New Cabinet 15 November 2016, 08:59 Lebanon Jumblat Wants Arslan Part of His Share in New Cabinet 15 November 2016, 08:41 Lebanon Army Says Vehicles in Hizbullah Parade Not from Army's Arsenal 15 November 2016, 15:59 Lebanon Roads Blocked in Protest at Arrest of Top Cellphone Dealer Kamel Amhaz 15 November 2016, 15:20 Lebanon Reports: Hariri Advises Forming 24-Minister Cabinet to Downsize Demands 15 November 2016, 08:53 Lebanon Report: Aoun OKs 'Key' Marada Representation in New Cabinet 15 November 2016, 08:59 Lebanon Washington Probing if Hizbullah Used U.S.-Made Tanks in Qusayr Parade 15 November 2016, 15:05 Comments Top Rated Latest ex-fpm "Pictures distributed on social networking websites showed hundreds of Hizbul... 14 November 2016, 17:20 justin صاروخ مضاد للدروع يفتك بميليشيات إيران غربي حلب https://www.youtube.com/wa... 14 November 2016, 18:07 liberty but why are you bothered when the rebels carry out justifiable pre-emptive st... 15 November 2016, 03:20 barrymore الاسرائيليون لميدفيديف: نريد بقاء الأسد! هذه المرة، شهد أهل بيت “الممانعة”... 14 November 2016, 17:56 1anonymetexasusa @ Pasdaran Mowaten Flamethrower You mean your Aoun's M8 friends like Quandi... 14 November 2016, 22:09 kazan The US cabinet has 16 secretary( miniters) and 7 Officials ( directors), why ... 15 November 2016, 12:42 justice yeah here it is, i found the picture where the key to beirut was being handed... 15 November 2016, 10:40 Puppet All my admiration and respect goes to Mr. Flamethrower because he advocates r... 15 November 2016, 10:11 Puppet All my respect goes to Mr. Flamethrower because he did not specialize in lies. 15 November 2016, 10:11 Puppet I respect Mr. Flamethrower because he has an eye for folklore dancing such as... 15 November 2016, 10:09 Follow @Naharnet Naharnet © 2016 Privacy Policy Terms of service Contact us Advertising About Login Login using your Naharnet account Login Password remember me Don't have an account? Sign up, please. Forgot your password? Didn't receive confirmation instructions?
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated 15 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Opec said to start final push on oil-cuts plan Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers Image Credit: Bloomberg A Norwegian Air Shuttle aircraft at Oslo airport. Even with other costs added in, such charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal on low-cost carriers. Published: 13:28 October 30, 2016 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE NEW YORK: Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland’s Wow air, Canada’s WestJet and Morocco’s Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travellers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 per cent in the summer of 2014 to 72 per cent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines “are looking over their shoulders,” said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. “They could be a growing threat as they add more seats,” he told AFP. “Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it’s very small.” Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of $398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than $600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at $149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain’s vote to quit the Eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships — SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld — and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus’s Neo and A350. “It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft,” Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of $122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers’ greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, “Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country.” Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. “We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at,” she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. “Are they safe? Are they reliable?” he said. “All they have is low fares. They don’t have a reputation.” — AFP More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNMorocco follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGNBritish Airways follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNMorocco follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGNBritish Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Affordable housing under review in Dubai Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Close Recommended For You And the new 'sexiest man alive' is ...PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 Al Assad says Trump could be 'natural ally'PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience

THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Strata delivers first A350 - 1000 products, as part of its long-term partnership with Saab 30 October, 2016 30 October 2016 Abu Dhabi, UAE: Strata Manufacturing PJSC (Strata), the advanced composite aero-structures manufacturing company, wholly owned by Mubadala Development Company, announced today that it has delivered its first shipset of A350 – 1000 Flap Support Fairings (FSFs), from its contract with Saab, to Airbus. The first shipset was delivered through Saab business unit Saab Aerostructures to Airbus, following the Strata- Saab announcement made in June last year during the Paris airshow, further demonstrating Strata’s capabilities in the composite manufacturing industry. Badr Al Olama, CEO of Strata, said, “The delivery of the latest shipsets reinforces our commitment to developing a manufacturing hub in Abu Dhabi for the global aerospace industry. We are proud to work in collaboration with our strategic partners to deliver high quality products to Airbus. The ongoing strengthening of our global partnership ecosystem continues to demonstrate the growing role of Strata as a reliable supplier in the aerospace supply chain.” “In line with Abu Dhabi Economic Vision 2030 to build a sustainable knowledge-based economy, we are committed to the development of talented nationals in the aerospace industry. We seek to empower our employees through a robust training and development program to ensure that Strata develops a globally-competitive Emirati workforce for the aerospace industry,” he added. Advertisement “With the first delivery of the A350-1000 Flap Support Fairings, our cooperation reached a very important milestone. We are pleased to have Strata as a partner to Saab on this work package and they have proven their good capabilities and skilled workforce with this achievement. This is however only the first delivery in many to come and we look forward to continue this cooperation on the A350-1000 program”. says Lars Jensen, Vice President and Managing Director of Saab Aerostructures Strata has emerged as a core economic pillar supporting the national ambition to establish Abu Dhabi as a global aerospace hub. In recent years, the company, has expanded its portfolio of products and capabilities to drive its competitive position and the development of its global value chain to serve the worldwide aerospace community.   -Ends- About Strata Manufacturing Strata Manufacturing PJSC (STRATA) is a composite aero-structures manufacturing facility based in Al Ain, United Arab Emirates. Established in 2009, with production beginning in 2010, Strata has partnerships with the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers, Airbus and Boeing, as well as tier one suppliers like Alenia Aermacchi, FACC AG, SAAB and S.A.B.C.A. Strata manufactures various parts on Airbus, Boeing and ATR aircrafts: •              Airbus A330/340/380 Flap Track Fairings •              Airbus A330/340 Ailerons •              Airbus A330/340 Spoilers •              ATR 42/72 Rudder & Vertical Fin •              Boeing B777 Empennage Ribs •              Boeing B787 Vertical Fin Ribs Strata is wholly owned by Mubadala Development Company PJSC (Mubadala), the Abu Dhabi-based investment and development company. About Mubadala Development Company Established and owned by the Government of Abu Dhabi, the company’s strategy is built on the creation of partnerships and on long-term, capital-intensive investments that deliver strong financial returns, contribute to the growth and diversification of Abu Dhabi’s economy, and create opportunities for current and future generations in the United Arab Emirates. Mubadala brings together and manages a multi-billion dollar portfolio of local, regional and international investments and partners with leading global organizations to operate businesses across a wide range of industry sectors. These include aerospace, semiconductors, metals & mining, oil & gas, renewables, information & communications technology, healthcare, real estate & infrastructure, utilities, and defense services. For more information about Mubadala please visit www.mubadala.com.   © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
[xml] [/xml] Search All Categories Valentines Events & Promotions News       - Local       - Bahamas Information Services Updates       - New Providence       - Grand Bahama       - Ministry of Tourism Updates            - FLIFF on Location: Grand Bahama Island       - International            - Organization of American States (OAS)            - Caribbean News                 - Turks & Caicos Islands Community       - Royal Bahamas Police Force            - Grand Bahama District            - Family Islands            - WANTED PERSONS            - Missing Persons       - Grand Bahama       - Bahamas Social Media Summit       - Obituaries       - Service Organizations            - Bahamas Chamber of Commerce            - GB Chamber of Commerce            - Council for the Disabled            - Rotary Clubs of The Bahamas            - BASRA       - Sir Charles Hayward Library       - Ongoing Meetings       - F.Y.I       - Ride for Hope       - Abaco Bahamian Politics Bahamas Weather Sports       - Annual Mark Knowles Celebrity Tennis Invitational Columns       - Robbin's Nest - Robbin Whachell       - Bird Talk - Erika Gates       - Under The Hood of TBW - Webmaster (Dave Mackey)       - Investing in You - Glenn S. Ferguson       - Preventative Measure - Gamal Newry       - Body by Blower - Dr. Brian Blower DC       - The Pastor's Pulpit       - Let's Talk Real Estate - James Sarles       - Letters to The Editor       - Genderational - Alicia Wallace       - The Pet Pages - Kim Aranha       - Who is in control? - Joseph Darville       - Tyrina Talks Fashion       - Opinions - Joye Ritchie Greene       - Radiant Health - Angelika Christie       - The New Bahamian - Joseph Gaskins       - Bahamas Wedding Planner - Glenn Ferguson       - Sip Sip History - Bahamas Historical Society       - Computer Korner       - Art Life - Susan Mackay       - Hurricane Preparedness - R. Tarzwell       - Grand Bahama Real Estate Investment Opportunities       - International Year of the Reef - A Week in ReefView       - Plastic Surgery Trends       - Chew On This! - Maurisa Glinton       - Life-Coaching 2.0 - Michelle M. Miller       - Love'n Life with Lisa       - Coaching for the Workplace - Kaylus Horton       - Talkin' Tourism       - Relationships Matter - Cedric Beckles       - Let's Grow Bahamas       - Influential Voice - Kim Welcome       - The Bahamian Traveller       - Investing in Being Human - Dr. Colin Archer       - Message from the Stars - Tametryo Brown       - Island Notes - Peter Barratt       - Style Drama - Edward Quan       - Family and Youth Empowerment       - Films, Finance and Fine Arts - Kareem Mortimer       - Screen Scene Events Calendars       - Special Events       - Grand Bahama       - New Providence       - Family Island Events Calendar Entertainment       - getMusic Productions by TaDa       - Bahamas International Film Festival       - Bahamas Junkanoo Carnival Sales & Promotions       - Grand Lucayan Resort       - Memories Grand Bahama Beach & Casino Resort       - Family Guardian Insurance       - Flying Fish Restaurant            - Food for Thought - Tim Tibbitts       - Garden Delite Buffet Restaurant at Pelican Bay       - Solomons       - SkyBahamas       - Sawyer's Fresh Market, Freeport       - Mackey Media Ltd Advertising Agency       - Renu Day Spa - Grand Bahama       - Islands of the World Fashion Week       - Shoreline Bahamas       - Old Bahama Bay Hotel       - Coral Windows Bahamas       - Coldwell Banker James Sarles Realty       - Bahamas Dining Guide       - Sheraton Nassau Beach       - Freeport Advertising and Printing       - Suffolk Court - Harcourt Developments       - Wyndham Nassau Resort and Crystal Palace Casino       - Viva Wyndham Fortuna Beach       - Mamadoos & Island Java Restaurants       - Rooster's Sports Bar & Entertainment Center       - Park and Shop - Athlete's Foot - Dollar Plus       - Bahamas Shopping Guide Arts & Culture       - National Art Gallery (NAGB)       - Books       - Bahamas Junkanoo Carnival Streaming Multimedia       - Audio       - Video       - A Mouth Full Inside The Bahamas Weekly       - Top Stories of the Year Navigation (Site Directions) Opportunities The Bahamas Boasts       - Grand Bahama            - Grand Bahama Labyrinth       - Abaco       - Bimini       - New Providence A Taste Of The Bahamas Market Place       - Classifieds Medical Education Review Program (MERP) Ross University       - Video & Audio Streams Focus on Fashion Hot Links VAT Bahamas Health Opinions Advanced Search Family Islands Events Bahamas weather forecast ROYAL BAHAMAS POLICE REPORTS Bahamas Politics Surviving a Hurricane Free E-Book by Robert Tarzwell 3000 Sq ft refurbished Canal front Condo REDUCED to $240,000 in Freeport GB FREE Wifi Hot spots in The Bahamas Brice Limousine - Freeport Grand Bahama Follow The Bahamas Weekly on Twitter!  BASRA New Providence BASRA Grand Bahama Island Bahamas National Anthem (VIDEO) Bahamas Parliamentary system101 VIDEO by Hon. Zhivargo Laing The Bahamas Constitution (download) SUBSCRIBE Sales Inquiries Powered by: Webmaster - Dave Mackey     Categories News (22883) Local (2031) Bahamas Information Services Updates (11225) New Providence (1099) Grand Bahama (1156) Ministry of Tourism Updates (1601) International (5590) Organization of American States (OAS) (863) Caribbean News (1570) Community (11876) Bahamian Politics (2339) Bahamas Weather (345) Sports (3118) Columns (2265) Events Calendars (61) Entertainment (2136) Sales & Promotions (797) Arts & Culture (2104) Streaming Multimedia (295) Inside The Bahamas Weekly (104) Navigation (Site Directions) (1) Opportunities (490) The Bahamas Boasts (186) A Taste Of The Bahamas (26) Market Place (17) Medical Education Review Program (MERP) (9) Ross University (70) Focus on Fashion (347) GBITTV (1) Hot Links (1) at a glance (3) VAT Bahamas (110) Health (58) Opinions (14) Receive our Top Stories Preview | Powered by CommandBlast News : International Last Updated: Oct 30, 2016 - 1:41:30 AM NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins, Crewmates Safely Return From the Space Station By NASA Oct 30, 2016 - 1:35:07 AM Email this article  Mobile friendly page NASA astronaut and Expedition 49 crew member Kate Rubins, who became the first person to sequence DNA in space, returned to Earth Saturday after a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. Rubins and her crewmates Anatoly Ivanishin of the Russian space agency Roscosmos and Takuya Onishi of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, touched down in their Soyuz MS-01 at 11:58 p.m. EDT (9:58 a.m. Oct. 30, Kazakhstan time) southeast of the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. Rubins, who has a degree in molecular biology, contributed to several new studies taking place for the first time aboard the space station, including the Biomolecule Sequencer experiment. The ability to sequence the DNA of living organisms in space could enable astronauts to diagnose an illness, or identify microbes growing in the space station and determine whether they represent a health threat. During her time on the orbiting complex, Rubins ventured outside the confines of the station for two spacewalks. During the first one on Aug. 19, she and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams installed the first international docking adapter. Outfitted with a host of sensors and systems, the adapter’s main purpose is to provide a port for spacecraft bringing astronauts to the station in the future. Its first users are expected to be the Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft now in development in partnership with NASA's Commercial Crew Program. During her second spacewalk Sept. 1, Rubins and Williams retracted a spare thermal control radiator and installed two new high-definition cameras. Together, the Expedition 49 crew members contributed to hundreds of experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science and Earth science aboard the world-class orbiting laboratory during their 115 days in space. The trio also welcomed three cargo spacecraft delivering several tons of supplies and research experiments. Rubins was involved in the grapple of Orbital ATK’s Cygnus spacecraft to the station in October, the company's sixth contracted commercial resupply mission, and SpaceX’s Dragon ninth contracted mission in July. One Russian ISS Progress cargo spacecraft also docked to the station in July. Rubins and Onishi have each spent a total of 115 days in space during their first mission. Ivanishin now has 280 days in space from two flights. Expedition 50, with Shane Kimbrough of NASA in command and his crewmates Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of Roscosmos, will operate the station for three weeks until the arrival of three new crew members. Peggy Whitson of NASA, Thomas Pesquet of ESA (European Space Agency) and Oleg Novitskiy of Roscosmos are scheduled to launch Nov. 17 from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. Check out the full NASA TV schedule and video streaming information at: http://www.nasa.gov/nasatv © Copyright 2016 by thebahamasweekly.com Top of Page News Feed Receive our Top Stories Preview | Powered by CommandBlast International Latest Headlines Handbags Made with a Social Conscience OAS Secretary General Congratulates Colombia on a Decisive Step toward an Inclusive Peace Agreement Bahamas Chairs CICAD 60th Regular Session NASA Set to Launch New Fleet of Hurricane-Tracking Small Satellites Social enterprise founder is named Commonwealth Youth Worker of the Year Haiti begins vaccination campaign against cholera in areas most affected by Hurricane Matthew Rahming hosts CARICOM Caucus Meeting 2016 Caribbean Tourism Month Message from the Caribbean Hotel and Tourism Association Design Caribbean to Pop-Up in Camden London Bahamas Press Club member of ACP Press Clubs Federation OAS Secretary General Urges Government Partnerships in Drug Trafficking Fight PM Christie Welcomes OAS' CICAD to The Bahamas for Important Sessions IRENA Welcomes Paris Agreement as Strong Enabler for Renewable Energy Action Minister Fitzgerald Interacts With Students at “Meet and Greet” Reception at Bahamas Embassy In D.C. Minister Fitzgerald Convenes Bahamas-US High-Level Science, Technology And Innovation Meeting In Washington, D.C. Farquharsons Visits Embassy of The Bahamas NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins, Crewmates Safely Return From the Space Station Bahamas' Selvinique Wright makes Top 10 and wins Best in Swimsuit at Miss Grand International Caribbean Fisheries Ministers meeting held in Cayman Anthony Newbold appointed to the Executive Council of newly-formed African Caribbean & Pacific Press Clubs Federation Cat Island Students Take Part In Washington Exchange Programme Ambassador Newry Signs Book of Condolences At Uruguay Embassy BAMSI Graduates Look to a Global Experience BAMSI officials attend FAO session at food security conference in Italy Sandals takes a stab at the Aedes Aegypti Mosquito in schools State of the world’s youth population: New index underscores urgent need to invest in young people Royal Commonwealth Society statement on Maldives leaving the Commonwealth New Attorney General Commits to Improving Productivity and Creating Synergy Miss Grand Bahamas a favourite at Miss Grand International Pageant in Vegas Health leaders discuss action against mosquito-borne viruses such as Zika and dengue Submissions call for prestigious Commonwealth education awards NASA, Citizen Scientists Discover Potential New Hunting Ground for Exoplanets CARICOM Sends Emergency Relief Supplies to Haiti post Hurricane Matthew 2016 Bahamas attends Sixth Annual Caribbean-United States Security Cooperation Dialogue Guests Enjoy “A Night In The Bahamas” at Washington Embassy Stuart Florida assists The Bahamas with Hurricane Relief Building an Energy Efficient Private Sector Caribbean Hotel and Tourism Association Supports Haiti / Bahamas Hurricane Relief Baleària Carribean provides relief supplies to mitigate the effects of Hurricane Statement of the General Secretariat on the Electoral Process in Nicaragua
Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic | Bangkok Post: news Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More NEWS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY NEWS Homepage MOST RECENT Top stories POLITICS Crime General ASEAN ASIA WORLD SPORTS More WEATHER FORECAST HOT TOPICS SPECIAL REPORT SECURITY Transport Environment News > World Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic 30 Oct 2016 at 09:45 117 viewed0 comments WRITER: AFP - + NEW YORK - Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Low-cost airlines such as Norwegian Air have eaten into the market share of larger transatlantic carriers as fuel prices have dropped Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland's Wow air, Canada's WestJet and Morocco's Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 percent in the summer of 2014 to 72 percent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines "are looking over their shoulders," said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "They could be a growing threat as they add more seats," he told AFP. "Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it's very small." - Half-price flights - Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of $398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than $600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at $149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such as charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain's vote to quit the eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships -- SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld -- and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus's Neo and A350. "It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft," Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of $122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. - Cheaper fuel, cheaper tickets - The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers' greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, "Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country." Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. "We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at," she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "Are they safe? Are they reliable?" he said. "All they have is low fares. They don't have a reputation." RECOMMENDED STORIES Thais hold off Aussies to draw 2-2 Rice-pledge loss list names 6,000 officials 8 trawlers sunk to create artificial reef Ariya, Thongchai favourites for SAT title City cleans 6 tonnes of krathong waste Baby boy rescued, newborn's body found dumped Renewables have their day in the sun Police nab suspect after 6-year chase Thailand shock Australia with 2-2 draw Most Viewed 119,504 Pattaya-Hua Hin ferry to begin on ... 42,539 'Supermoon' vigils set to honour ... 39,613 Philippine, Myanmar heads pay ... 34,527 Fresh attacks 'kill dozens' in ... 27,644 Two dead after NZ quake, tsunami ... Recent NEWS Articles King Bhumibol to be known as 'the Great' 'Significant' Apec summit NCPO pushing ahead to support rice farmers Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 06:45 B8bn to draw farmers to maize 05:34 King Bhumibol to be known as 'the Great' 04:16 NCPO pushing ahead to support rice farmers 03:08 Police nab suspect after 6-year chase 02:53 Google to open London office, 3,000 jobs expected 01:37 UN slams N.Korea for diverting funds to missiles 21:05 Thailand shock Australia with 2-2 draw 20:37 Judge under disciplinary probe died at 45 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Posted 30 Oct 2016 10:18 Low-cost airlines such as Norwegian Air have eaten into the market share of larger transatlantic carriers as fuel prices have dropped AFP/JOHAN NILSSON Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland's Wow air, Canada's WestJet and Morocco's Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 percent in the summer of 2014 to 72 percent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines "are looking over their shoulders," said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "They could be a growing threat as they add more seats," he told AFP. "Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it's very small." HALF-PRICE FLIGHTS Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of US$398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than US$600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at US$149. Even with other costs added in, such as charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain's vote to quit the eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships -- SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld -- and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus's Neo and A350. "It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft," Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of US$122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. CHEAPER FUEL, CHEAPER TICKETS The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers' greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, "Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country." Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. "We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at," she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "Are they safe? Are they reliable?" he said. "All they have is low fares. They don't have a reputation." - AFP Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 11:37 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 23 mins Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the AtlanticBy Luc Olinga | AFP – Sun, Oct 30, 2016 2:57 AM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Low-cost airlines such as Norwegian Air have eaten into the market share of larger transatlantic carriers as fuel prices have dropped Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland's Wow air, Canada's WestJet and Morocco's Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 percent in the summer of 2014 to 72 percent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines "are looking over their shoulders," said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "They could be a growing threat as they add more seats," he told AFP. "Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it's very small." - Half-price flights - Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of $398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than $600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at $149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such as charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain's vote to quit the eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships -- SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld -- and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus's Neo and A350. "It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft," Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of $122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. - Cheaper fuel, cheaper tickets - The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers' greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, "Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country." Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. "We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at," she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "Are they safe? Are they reliable?" he said. "All they have is low fares. They don't have a reputation." @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Domino's hails 'world's first' drone pizzaAAP Domino's claims it has completed the world's first pizza delivery by drone. Domino's says it shipped two pizzas … Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big WAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7546 -0.0007 -0.09% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6057 -0.0008 -0.13% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7029 -0.0011 -0.16% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic By Afp Published: 22:01 EST, 29 October 2016 | Updated: 22:01 EST, 29 October 2016 e-mail Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland's Wow air, Canada's WestJet and Morocco's Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. Low-cost airlines such as Norwegian Air have eaten into the market share of larger transatlantic carriers as fuel prices have dropped ©JOHAN NILSSON (TT NEWS AGENCY/AFP/File) Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 percent in the summer of 2014 to 72 percent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines "are looking over their shoulders," said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "They could be a growing threat as they add more seats," he told AFP. "Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it's very small." - Half-price flights - Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of $398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than $600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at $149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such as charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain's vote to quit the eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships -- SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld -- and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus's Neo and A350. "It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft," Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of $122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. - Cheaper fuel, cheaper tickets - The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers' greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, "Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country." Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. "We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at," she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. "Are they safe? Are they reliable?" he said. "All they have is low fares. They don't have a reputation." Royal Air Maroc's CEO Driss Benhima is able to compete with larger airlines flying across the Atlantic as jet fuel has grown cheaper ©Abdelhak Senna (AFP/File) British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California, in response to competition from low-cost airlines ©Justin Tallis (AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business Home LBoard COMMENT Is Zaid angling for a run as MP? Scott Ng Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Low-cost air carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic AFP | October 30, 2016 Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. NEW YORK: Low-cost air carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland’s Wow air, Canada’s WestJet and Morocco’s Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travelers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 percent in the summer of 2014 to 72 percent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines “are looking over their shoulders,” said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. “They could be a growing threat as they add more seats,” he told AFP. “Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it’s very small.” Half-price flights Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of $398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than $600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at $149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain’s vote to quit the eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships — SkyTeam, Atlantic and OneWorld — and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX and Airbus’s Neo and A350. “It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft,” Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by email. The company, which posted third quarter earnings of $122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. Cheaper fuel, cheaper tickets The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game given that fuel is air carriers’ greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by email, “Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country.” Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. “We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at,” she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. “Are they safe? Are they reliable?” he said. “All they have is low fares. They don’t have a reputation.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Khairuddin ikrar bantu PPBM dari luar Qu Puteh queen suspends Kelantan football deal ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News RM55 for a stray dog: Johor prince takes council to task PKR MP questions Jamal’s ‘extraordinary’… UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be Zuraida tanya, siapa benarkan Jamal naik helikopter Lawyers to monitor Bersih 5 rally Jamal bohong dakwa 3 pemuda ubah haluan, kata Bersih No more ringgit, say some S’pore moneychangers Suicide victim Shukri was a good man, says neighbour Liow: No plans to wipe out 1.6m outstanding AES summonses Pemimpin Pemuda PKR cabar Jamal lapor banglo mewahnya ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Is Zaid angling for a run as MP? Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Selling ideas in yellow and red shirts When will our elections be shariah compliant? Ahli politik di depan orang dan belakang tabir When electoral systems fail to reflect voter preference More... FMT Bahasa Dr Mahathir lagi lantang, jadi kenapa saya, soal Zaid Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Jamal bohong dakwa 3 pemuda ubah haluan, kata Bersih Tiada caj baharu jika terpaksa duduk di wad kelas 2, kata menteri Saman AES RM150, kata menteri Putera Johor tegur PBT tawar RM55 tangkap anjing liar More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out03:37 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search SpaceX Aims to Resume Falcon 9 Flights in 2016, Blames Helium Tank for Explosion © REUTERS/ Twitter.com/GirlieToNerdy Tech 02:46 30.10.2016Get short URL 3292822 According to a statement released October 28, SpaceX has made progress in determining the cause of last month’s accident on the Falcon 9 rocket’s launch pad and expects to resume flights before the end of this year. © Photo: Youtube/ CCTV+ Asia’s SpaceX: Chinese Startups Making World’s Largest Space Plane and MoreAfter the incident, in which the entire Falcon 9 rocket and its AMOS-6 satellite payload was lost, a group of experts including professionals from the Federal Aviation Administration, NASA and the US Air Force, has been thoroughly investigating possible causes. SpaceX stated shortly after the explosion that it happened during fueling of the launch vehicle before a routine static fire test rather than during the test itself, and that the "anomaly" was likely caused by a breach in the rocket's cryogenic helium system. In the latest statement, the company said that the investigation has zoomed in on a specific pressurized helium container located in the second-stage oxygen tank. "Attention has continued to narrow to one of the three composite overwrapped pressure vessels (COPVs) inside the LOX tank," the release read. © Photo: PIxabay Star Wars: Arms Trade Giant Boeing to Rival Musk's SpaceX Race to MarsIn recent testing at the company's facilities in Texas, experts have managed to recreate the exact conditions that caused the COPV to fail. According to SpaceX, the failure can occur "entirely through helium-loading conditions" mainly affected by the helium's temperature and pressure. The company intends to continue to probe for the "exact root cause" of the eruption and to develop improved helium loading conditions to make sure there's no repeat of the failure. But given that the incident likely was caused by helium handling issues rather than a design issue with the rocket itself, SpaceX expects to return to flight operations before the end of 2016. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 22 Related: SpaceX Falcon Transport System Builds on NASA Research, Technology SpaceX Falcon 9 Loss is 'Natural Risk' in New Tech Development - Ex-NASA Chief SpaceX Explosion in Florida to Result in Heavy Toll on Earning Projections Tags: explosion, SpaceX Falcon 9, SpaceX, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply drivel4u 04:18 30.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Oh yes, that helium is so very explosive; they should use hydrogen instead. Reply michael 06:01 30.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete what, elon was wrong about the ets? (sarcasm)Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Moscow Says US Rhetoric on Syria Situation Based on 'Flagrant Lies' Russia's defense ministry made the statement on Tuesday, adding that the US State Department has never backed its empty claims against Russia's actions in Syria with concrete actions. 133136 Washington DC Students March to Trump Hotel Protesting President-Elect (PHOTOS) High school students in Washington, DC, walked out of class just before noon to march to Trump Hotel in protest of the election again on Tuesday. 18895 US Army Probes Defects in Excalibur Artillery Shells Minor cracks were found in several US Army and Marine Corps 155mm-howitzer Excalibur artillery shells, according to Audra Calloway, a spokeswoman at Picatinny Arsenal, an American military research and manufacturing facility, and home of the Excalibur program office. 1826 ‘F**k Trump’ Message Projected Onto Side of Atlanta Hotel (PHOTOS) Pictures surfaced on Twitter Monday night of the words “F**k Trump” projected on the side of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Midtown Atlanta. 4660 FBI: Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes in US Skyrocket in Last Year Hate crimes against Muslims in the United States are occurring at the highest frequency since the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, soaring by 67 percent in 2015, the FBI reported. 396 Assange's Lawyers May Appeal to President-Elect For Help in WikiLeaks Case Lawyers for WikiLeaks have announced that they may appeal to US president-elect Donald Trump to close the investigation into publisher Julian Assange. 81000 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 03:31Discovered: Enormous Antarctic ‘Sea Monster’ Lived 66 Million Years Ago 03:29Changing Course: US Warship to Help New Zealand Earthquake Victims 03:16Syrian President Calls Presence of Turkish Armed Forces in Syria 'Invasion' 03:12Scientists Present Microscopic Magnets That Could Change Medicine Forever 02:54French President Stresses Importance of Finding Shared Interests With RussiaAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19324 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9671 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 8231 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 7827 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7221All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 NYT Almost Admits it Failed in its Election Coverage 39 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Tuesday, November 15, 2016 UCLA Home UCLA Directory Visit Apply Give UCLA Newsroom MENU search open-search About UCLA For journalists Masthead SCIENCE + TECHNOLOGY HEALTH + BEHAVIOR ENVIRONMENT + CLIMATE NATION, WORLD + SOCIETY ARTS + CULTURE STUDENTS + CAMPUS UNIVERSITY NEWS Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff Centennial Campaign for UCLA Students + Campus Coach Wooden's 'commitment to mission' guides former Navy test pilot in his career Now a UCLA Anderson student, the veteran is named a John Wooden Global Leadership fellow Carolyn Gray Anderson | October 31, 2016 UCLA A former Naval flight officer, test pilot and veteran of multiple carrier deployments over 21 years of service, Doug Larratt enrolled in UCLA Anderson in fall 2015 with a résumé packed with a career’s worth of achievements. He has flown through post-Gulf War oil fires in Kuwait, helped evacuate refugees from a volcano eruption in the Philippines and logged in 2,260 total flight hours in 26 different aircraft and 501 carrier landings. Today, Larratt is a program director at Orbital ATK, where he manages design, development and production of major air-launched missile systems. His current project, the Advanced Anti-Radiation Guided Missile–Extended Range, is the next-generation missile for FA-18 and F-35 JSF aircraft. Larratt, who already has earned two master’s degrees, is very clear about why he has come to UCLA Anderson for his M.B.A. “You can never stop learning,” he says. “I didn’t come to make a career transition or jump. It’s an opportunity to continue to grow.” He is one of four UCLA Anderson students receiving a 2016 John Wooden Global Leadership Fellowship on Wednesday, Nov. 2, for embodying Coach Wooden’s inspiring leadership ideals and making a commitment to improve the lives of others. He learned the brotherhood of service as a midshipman at the U.S. Naval Academy and created lifelong bonds with friends who, like him, bled Navy blue and gold. “There’s something about committing yourself to a higher cause and serving that cause with like-minded teammates,” he says. “The bond created is unique.” Following his Naval Academy studies, Larratt served in the Navy operationally, flying A-6E Intruder and EA-6B Prowler aircraft. He attended the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School, earned master’s degrees in aerospace engineering and strategic studies, and served in many flying and leadership positions. Larratt says he still feels he is serving a higher cause by delivering high-quality systems to the young servicemen and women who defend our nation. Today, the blue and gold he most often sees decorate the bearwear belonging to UCLA students. Both of his daughters are Bruins, and Larratt and his wife serve as officers in the UCLA Parents’ Council, a university-sponsored organization that supports Bruin students through volunteerism and mentoring. He says being a father has also taught him leadership lessons. “When I first had children, I learned things can be gray,” he says. “Children don’t listen to orders, and they don’t care about your rank. As a leader, you have to commit to something greater than yourself. You use that to inspire the team.” He says this works in both military and commercial contexts, as well as in parenting. “What drew me to Coach Wooden,” Larratt says, “was his commitment to the mission. His teams were inspired and bonded by knowing they were committed to something greater than themselves.” In addition to Larratt and the three other UCLA Anderson students selected to be 2016 John Wooden Global Leadership Fellows, the school will give the 2016 John Wooden Global Leadership Award to W. James McNerney, Jr., retired chairman, CEO and president of the Boeing Company. The Nov. 2 event will be held at the California Science Center. For event and ticket information, contact jwgla@anderson.ucla.edu. Proceeds from the event will fund fellowships for the four UCLA Anderson students. To read about the three other student winners of this award, see the UCLA Anderson blog, where this story originated. Tags: students veterans Media Contact Elise Anderson 310-206-7707 elise.anderson@anderson.ucla.edu More Images Doug Larratt Larratt UCLA Previous Story Research-turned-art exhibition opens at Powell Library Next Story Employees, retirees report high satisfaction with their UC-sponsored health plans More Students + Campus Chancellor Gene Block on the importance of going global UCLA honors veterans who defended our freedom with their lives UCLA to celebrate modern Eastern European culture VIEW ALL Students + Campus UCLA Top News Popular Science + Technology UCLA-led team opens new avenues to research on topological insulators Environment + Climate Researchers find greenhouse gases played role in record-low 2015 snowpacks Science + Technology Computer scientists develop data integrity method to prevent tampering Arts + Culture Humanities students rebuild history of African-American silent films Health + Behavior Brain wave measurements predict response to antidepressants Health + Behavior UCLA, Cal State LA work together to prepare young scientists for teaching University News UCLA ranked No. 10 in the world by U.S. News and World Report Science + Technology How nanoscience will improve our health and lives in the coming years Nation, World + Society Study highlights shortcomings of Mexican criminal justice reforms Health + Behavior UCLA dietitians argue the case for a soda tax to help curb obesity VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Nation, World + Society UCLA professors reflect on how Trump defied the polls Health + Behavior Memory loss associated with Alzheimer’s reversed for first time University News UCLA ranked No. 10 in the world by U.S. News and World Report Students + Campus Brother of Arthur Ashe made decision that kept tennis legend out of war University News University of California statement on presidential election results Nation, World + Society New exhibition at UCLA celebrates history of Boyle Heights Students + Campus Campus hosts post-election events to support students VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Explore UCLA UCLA Home UCLA Directory About UCLA UCLA Magazine Athletics Happenings Explore Newsroom All Stories Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff News Photos + Video Office of Media Relations Contact Us For the Media Resources for Journalists Media Contacts at UCLA News Releases Media Advisories Media Guide to UCLA Experts Broadcast Studio News van parking © 2016 UCLA All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use. Office of Media Relations
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / October 31 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes in Tight Range, Ends October Decline to Start New Earnings Week October 31 Market Close: GovCon Index Closes in Tight Range, Ends October Decline to Start New Earnings Week Ross Wilkers October 31, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,175 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index traded in tight range Monday to record its third straight monthly decline with a second week of quarterly financial reports from GCI companies set to begin Tuesday morning. U.S. stocks also struggled for direction Monday in the start of the final full trading week before the presidential election Nov. 8 and traded gains and losses as investors watched for new developments in the widely-reported new inquiry over emails related to Hillary Clinton. Monday’s close puts the GovCon Index at a year-to-date gain of 4.85 percent versus the S&P 500’s respective climb of 4.02 percent over nine months, while the latter U.S. stock bellwether has posted declines in three consecutive months. This week continues quarterly earnings season for GovCon Index companies with several mid-tier prime and services-oriented contractors lined up to state results. Tuesday’s lineup of GovCon Index financial reports will come from: Engility Holdings (NYSE: EGL) — third quarter Harris Corp. (NYSE: HRS) — first quarter, fiscal year 2017 ICF (Nasdaq: ICFI) — third quarter KBR (NYSE: KBR) — third quarter GovCon Index gainers and laggers split roughly even in Monday trade and four of its 11 S&P 500 companies advanced with McKesson Corp. (NYSE: MCK) the GCI’s best net performer a session after its large Friday decline on lower full-year guidance. Shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII) and Rockwell Collins (NYSE: COL) respectively ended second and third, while co-listed defense primes L-3 Communications (NYSE: LLL) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) lagged. Rockwell Collins ended 14 cents shy of Oct. 21 closing price of $84.46, its last since the announcement of its B/E Aerospace (Nasdaq: BEAV) acquisition two days later. Shares in L-3 have traded down 7.91 percent since the company’s 2017 guidance came in below analyst expectations Thursday and Huntington Ingalls reports third quarter results Thursday. On a monthly basis, eight GovCon Index companies moved forward and five co-listed stocks gained with Boeing (NYSE: BA) the best percentage performer for the GCI overall and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) second after both companies posted third quarter earnings above Wall Street’s forecasts. McKesson, Cubic Corp. (NYSE: CUB) and Engility were the GCI’s three worst percentage movers for the month. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 79.021 -0.015 -0.019% S&P 500 2,126.16 -0.25 -0.01% Dow Jones Industrial Average 18,142.42 -18.77 -0.10% NASDAQ 5,189.13 -0.97 -0.02% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 14 Declining GovCon Index Issues 16 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change LLL L-3 Communications * 136.94 -3.16 -2.26% LMT Lockheed Martin * 246.38 -1.62 -0.65% OA Orbital ATK 74.36 -0.84 -1.12% GD General Dynamics * 150.74 -0.76 -0.50% RTN Raytheon * 136.61 -0.58 -0.42% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ LLL L-3 Communications * 136.94 -3.16 -2.26% KBR KBR 14.81 -0.19 -1.27% OA Orbital ATK 74.36 -0.84 -1.12% LMT Lockheed Martin * 246.38 -1.62 -0.65% GD General Dynamics * 150.74 -0.76 -0.50% Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change MCK McKesson Corp. * 127.17 +3.06 +2.47% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 161.36 +1.29 +0.81% COL Rockwell Collins 84.32 +0.87 +1.04% NOC Northrop Grumman * 229.00 +0.62 +0.27% CUB Cubic Corp. 42.70 +0.55 +1.30% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ MCK McKesson Corp. * 127.17 +3.06 +2.47% VEC Vectrus 16.77 +0.23 +1.39% CUB Cubic Corp. 42.70 +0.55 +1.30% COL Rockwell Collins 84.32 +0.87 +1.04% MANT ManTech International 38.83 +0.38 +0.99% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags B/E Aerospace ba BEAV Boeing col CUB cubic EGL Engility featured financial report GD General Dynamics govcon GovCon Index Harris hii Hillary Clinton hrs Huntington Ingalls ICF ICFI KBR L-3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin MAN ManTech MCK McKesson noc Northrop Grumman OA Orbital ATK Raytheon Rockwell Collins rtn S&P 500 stocks VEC Vectrus wall street Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,343 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
News Sports Obituaries Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service News All News Local News Local Traffic Cam State News Business Education NIE Crime More News Andrew Dys Nation/World Politics/Government Weird News Databases Special Sections Communities Community Publications Fort Mill Times Fort Mill Times Sports Lake Wylie Pilot Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Sports All Sports Panthers College Winthrop High School High School Football Auto Racing Politics Politics Elections 2016 Obituaries Opinion All Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter To the Contrary James Werrell Palmetto Opinion Living All Living Community Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Religion Family Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment All Entertainment Books Calendar Movies Music Puzzles & Games Contests & Events Horoscopes Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Lake Wylie Pilot October 31, 2016 10:06 AM SC’s House 47: Pope vs. Simmons on the issues i By Catherine Muccigrosso cmuccigrosso@lakewyliepilot.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story YORK COUNTY Voters will choose between S.C. Rep. Tommy Pope and challenger Diane Phelps Simmons for the winner of South Carolina’s House 47. The state district covers parts of Lake Wylie, Clover and York in York County. Pope, who won the seat in 2010 by defeating longtime Democrat Herb Kirsh, successfully won re-election bids unopposed in 2012 and 2014. Pope has announced aspirations to be elected for eight terms to District 47, then run for governor in 2018. “I will serve the house one more time, then run for governor,” he said. “But I have to work hard to take care of my folks here at home first.” Simmons is running her first political campaign. Tommy Pope, incumbent Affiliation: Republican Party Age: 54 Campaign website: tommypope.com/; facebook.com/popeforhouse/ Family: Wife, Kimberly; three sons, one daughter and a granddaughter Hometown: York Political experience: SC House of Representatives 2010-present; Speaker Pro Tempore since Dece,ber 2014; committees including Ethics Reform; Republican Causus Tax Study; Medical, Public and Municipal Affairs; Judiciary and Ethics; South Carolina Law Enforcement Division agent; former Solicitor for the 16th Judicial Circuit. Education: University of South Carolina School of Business; USC School of Law Occupation: Attorney and managing partner at the Elrod Pope Law Firm in Rock Hill. Community involvement: Boy Scouts in York County, Boys & Girls Club of York County and York County At Risk Youth Task Force. Diane Phelps Simmons Age: 55 Campaign website: facebook.com/Diane-Phelps-Simmons-for-SC-House-47 Family: Husband, Curt; daughter in Charleston area and two stepchildren in Atlanta area Hometown: Clover Political experience: First venture into politics Education: B.S. Political Science Central Michigan University Occupation: Homemaker and caregiver for my parents Community involvement: Church choir, Divine Saviour, York What are the top issues the state needs to address, and how would it impact District 47? Pope: “The big one is infrastructure. We have taken some initial shots at it in Columbia, but we need a long-term funding plan. Along with our roads here in our communities, a far-reaching one is access to the ports in Charleston. To prosper, we must catch up on infrastructure.” Another is education; improving our poorer school districts. “We’re very fortunate to have quality schools, so whatever we do, we don’t want to hamstring positive results we’ve seen in York and Clover school districts.” Taxes are another issue. “We need to look at ways to share the load on taxes so that it’s lower, flatter and fairer, so we don’t have the haves and have-nots in the tax system.” Perhaps a hidden issue to address is the state pension system. State employees are promised this retirement. “Unfortunately, it is woefully underfunded. While it may not be a top-shelf issue to some, it’s a significant debt of the state we’re going to have to address. We’ve got to treat it like a check already written out and the state has to make it good.” Simmons: “We need to address job growth. The federal numbers say our average unemployment rate for this year is 5.3 percent here in South Carolina. I don't believe this includes the underemployed and those who have given up looking. Another issue is roads and bridges. “I think there are current bills in committees concerning Act 98, and it also looks like the 2016-2017 forecasted expenditures are larger than the forecasted revenues, which is unsettling.” Schools also are a top issue. “I believe there needs to be more local control of education, and we need to get rid of Common Core.” The safety of South Carolina citizens is crucial. “Depending on who wins the presidential bid, we may have to double down on refusing to allow unvetted refugees into our state. Clinton wants to bring in thousands more. I believe this is a serious threat to our safety.” “I hope anything I do to address these and any other issues would have a positive impact on my district.” The state is considering a bill to increase the gas tax and motorist-related fees to raise an estimated $800 million a year for the state’s roads. Do you agree with this as the best route to improve roadways? Pope: “Before we reach that issue I believe we’ve got to restore people’s trust in Department of Transportation.” He referenced York County’s Pennies for Progress campaign as an example, where citizens can see where the money is going. “Then we must get to a consistent means of funding our infrastructure. From a tax view, he said with one-third of gas sales coming from travelers, he’s “definitely in support” of letting those motorists help pay for it. “It’s foolish to take it from the same funds that pay our teachers and law enforcement rather than let out of staters help to pay.” Simmons: “No, I don't agree this is the best way to improve roadways. I think first everything should be examined for waste and that fiscal responsibility should be imperative before taxes are increased.” What can the state do to thrive economically, and bring more business to York County, especially the western part of the county? Pope: He said when many in the Legislature looks toward York County, “they see Charlotte, not South Carolina.” But along with state representatives like Gary Simrill(Ways & Means), Raye Felder(Education) and other members of the York County Delegation, “we’re bringing attention to York County to get a fair seat at the table.” Whether in York County or across the state, he said the problem is the state spends significantly to attract large businesses like Volvo and Boeing. “We must make opportunities for small businesses in downtown York, Clover and Lake Wylie, which are not provided those same incentives. We need a better tax policy, and removing the burden from these small businesses could make a significant difference for our communities.” Simmons: “We can give incentives to companies to relocate here, but at the same time have some stipulations regarding the percentage of employees that must be South Carolinians, and not just employees they move here from out of state. I would like to see manufacturing companies recruited if possible.” Catherine Muccigrosso: 803-831-8166, @LakeWyliePilot Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Lake Wylie Pilot Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:58 Woman accused of burying dead baby in Rock Hill yard talks to judge Pause 1:49 This is how one Fort Mill resident does backyard roasting 1:36 Wife of man under deportation order fights for his freedom 1:58 Artist group claims responsibility for body-shaped installation hanged from trees at Winthrop University 0:42 Video: what does Chester coach Victor Floyd think about Cyclones' return to football playoffs? 0:20 Suspect carjacks vehicle after fatal hit-and-run in Rock Hill 0:58 Drug combo shuts down a type of lung cancer, researchers find 1:55 Learn how to 'pour over' properly 2:11 Clinton College mourns students, others who died in NC bus crash 1:32 Video: Can Rock Hill girls' tennis player Shakendra Alston and Bearcats coach Scott Neely finish each other's sentences? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago At the polls in Lake Wylie, SC 1:31 7 days ago At the polls in Lake Wylie, SC 1:45 11 days ago Welcome to Moe's at Lake Wylie 2:48 12 days ago Tax board and the public clash on hiring a Lake Wylie fire chief View more video Lake Wylie Pilot It’s getting harder to put boats in at Lake Wylie. It could get worse by week’s end. Nine Clover Blue Eagles sign on the dotted line Monday Clover School District names October employees of month Bethel students first to jump in for school swim lessons Lake Wylie Chamber and Lake Wylie Pilot continue Neighbors Helping Neighbors Charity Drive Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Tablet Advertising Advertising Information Place Obituary, Celebration Place Classified, Legal Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Tablet Advertising Advertising Information Place Obituary, Celebration Place Classified, Legal Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
