
null
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Astronauts, You Are Now Welcome to Board Boeing’s New Starliner Spacecraft By Robin Seemangal • 08/15/16 2:10pm Illustration of the Boeing CST-100 Starliner (Image: Boeing) Cape Canaveral, FL—On Monday morning, representatives from NASA, Boeing and United Launch Alliance gathered for a landmark installation of the access arm that will allow a crew of four history-making astronauts to enter their new space-bound chariot—the Boeing CST-100 Starliner. The humans that will fly this Apollo-inspired capsule spacecraft will be among the first commercial crew passengers in history—marking a handover of human spaceflight facilitation to the private space industry. These astronauts, currently in extensive flight training, will also take on the awesome responsibility of being the pioneers that help return crewed launches to American soil. “We are very proud that this will lead to human spaceflight returning to American soil again,” said ULA Commercial Crew Manager Barb Egan to the Observer. The Commercial Crew Access Arm being delivered to Launch Complex 41 (Photo: NASA) The installation of these major components at Cape Canaveral’s Launch Complex 41—where the Starliner will be launched on ULA’s Atlas V rocket—marks the final stage of construction on the first Crew Access Tower built since the Apollo missions. The tower will stand parallel to the rocket and the newly-installed arm will extend to be the literal path that astronauts will walk to climb into the Starliner spacecraft and into exploration history. Also installed on Monday was the Crew Access Tower White Room—the final stop before the crew takes flight towards to International Space Station. This is where astronauts make final adjustments to their spacesuits, adjust helmets, and say their ‘see ya laters’ to Earth. The Boeing CST-100 Starliner Crew Access Arm and White Room being lifted for installation at Launch Complex 41. A video posted by Robin Seemangal (@nova_road) on Aug 15, 2016 at 10:26am PDT “After the Crew Access Arm is installed we will put in control systems and counterweights. We’ll hook up all the electrical systems,” said Barb Egan. “We’ll run some check-outs on the arm and make sure everything is functioning properly.” Currently, the Russians are taxiing our astronauts to low-Earth orbit at a hefty price of $70 million a seat and have been doing so since the final flight of the beloved Space Shuttle in 2011. Well now, America’s former space-race rivals will soon have a gaping hole in their earnings because NASA’s commercial crew program is in full swing with the first mission being planned for late 2018. The federal space agency has awarded not only Boeing and their Starliner spacecraft for missions to the International Space Station, but also SpaceX and a crew variant of their workhorse Dragon vehicle. SpaceX is expected to launch first with Boeing close behind. Boeing was given almost $4.2 billion as part of NASA’s awarded contract to develop the CST-100 Starliner and it is expected to depart for its maiden voyage in early 2019, following two unmanned flight tests. The vehicle could carry up to 7 astronauts and even operate autonomously with the option to take over manual controls in case of an emergency. With two competing commercial space companies flying crewed missions for NASA, it’s very possible that we’ll one day see both the Boeing Starliner and the SpaceX Dragon docked at the International Space Station simultaneously. This is the spirit of the Commercial Crew Program, to hand over operations in low-Earth orbit to the private, competitive industry—where innovation could grow. This would allow NASA so focus on exploring Jupiter’s moon, Europa and finally launching their manned mission to Mars. Robin Seemangal focuses on NASA and advocacy for space exploration. He was born and raised in Brooklyn, where he currently resides. Find him on Instagram for more space-related content: @nova_road. Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aeromexico Brings Live Sports and News to its International Fleet Aug 15, 2016, 09:00 ET from Panasonic MEXICO CITY, August 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, in partnership with Panasonic Avionics, today announced it has added live television to its Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircrafts. This new service will initially offer two channels - Sport 24 for live sporting action from around the world, and CNN International. The service will be available to passengers from both the seatback inflight entertainment and communications system and on their own personal electronic devices. Sport 24, owned and operated by IMG, offers live coverage of the world's most popular sporting events. The channel shows live action from the Rio 2016 Olympics Games, Premier League, NFL, UEFA Champions League, NBA, Tennis Grand Slams, Bundesliga, Formula 1, Golf Majors, MotoGP, and the Ryder Cup. Antonio Fernandez, Aeromexico's VP Product Design and Service Standards said, "At Aeromexico, we are always looking for new ways to keep our passengers happy and entertained, and there's nothing quite like live television. Our clients will now be able to stay current on world events and also watch their favorite athletes and teams compete in real time at 35,000 feet". Aeromexico will begin rolling out the service in August in four Boeing 787-8, and expects to have it soon on its entire fleet of nine Dreamliners, the most modern aircraft in the world, that operates to Tijuana within Mexico and to international destinations such as Buenos Aires, London, Los Angeles, Madrid, New York, Paris, Shanghai, Santiago and Tokyo, David Bruner, Vice President of Global Communications Services, Panasonic Avionics Corporation said, "Live Television has become extremely important to both airlines and their passengers. After all, news and sports never stop. We're continuing to evolve our eXTV service, bringing a unique experience to passengers all over the world. We are both proud and honored to help Aeromexico add this exciting service to their international fleet." About Grupo Aeromexico  Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 16 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Europe, three in Canada and two in Asia. The Group's fleet of about 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170, 175 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 179 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and WestJet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. http://www.aeromexico.com http://www.skyteam.com About Panasonic Avionics Corporation  Panasonic Avionics Corporation is the world's leading supplier of inflight entertainment and communication systems. The company's best-in-class solutions, supported by professional maintenance services, fully integrate with the cabin enabling its customers to deliver the ultimate travel experiences with a rich variety of entertainment choices, resulting in improved quality communication systems and solutions, reduced time-to-market and lower overall costs. Established in 1979, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, a U.S. corporation, is a subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation of North America, the principal North American subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation. Headquartered in Lake Forest, California with over 4,400 employees and operations in 80 global locations, it has delivered over 8,000 IFE systems and 1,000 inflight connectivity solutions to the world's leading airlines. For additional information, please visit http://www.panasonic.aero. SOURCE Panasonic View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Aug 31, 2016, 09:45 ET Preview: Panasonic HC-X1 Ultra HD Professional Camcorder Aug 11, 2016, 04:00 ET Preview: Panasonic Avionics and Yahsat Announce Landmark Connectivity Services Agreement Aimed at the Middle East Mobility Market My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More Nov 21, 2016, 11:00 ET Panasonic Introduces New Compact Hair Dryer Equipped with... Nov 02, 2016, 09:02 ET Panasonic Adds New Model to Professional Series Line of Trimmers... More news releases in: Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Entertainment Television Mobile Entertainment Travel Industry New Products & Services Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

null
Fiji Time: 7:28 AM on Thursday 24 November Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / News High flyer Talebula Kate Monday, August 15, 2016 THE first iTaukei pilot to captain a Boeing 787 Dreamliner was in the country at the weekend to watch the Deans rugby final between Queen Victoria School (QVS) and Marist Brothers High School. Captain Laisenia Naigulevu, a former QVS student, said there was nothing to stop Fijian pilots flying world-class luxury airlines that offered international experience. He is the first Fijian pilot to have flown and commanded the Airbus A330 and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and is motivating aspiring Fijian pilots. "It's free to dream; we as island boys can make it, there's no stopping us." The gentleman from Namacu, Koro, in Lomaiviti, who has maternal links to Tavuki, Kadavu, always wanted to fly when he was a child. Raised by parents who were medical professionals, Mr Naigulevu said they used to travel a lot within Fiji by plane because of his parents' work schedules. From a humble beginning flying Fiji's Sunflower airline in 1989, he is now flying for one of the world's leading airlines — Oman Air. Captain Naigulevu joined Air Pacific in 1991 before getting an offer which he could not resist from Oman Air in 2005 and is now based in Muscat, Oman. He said it was an honour and huge opportunity to be in command of a Boeing 787 Dreamliner, which is the latest Boeing airplane and is not in operation in Fiji. Mr Naigulevu said he loved to go places and always wanted a new adventure so when he was offered the opportunity to captain the 787 Dreamliner, it was an offer too hard to resist. In comparing the Airbus A330 and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner Mr Naigulevu said the latter travelled a lot faster, flew higher and was more economical. As for the cargo capacity, Mr Naiguilevu said the A330 was better. "A330 has the advantage on cargo capacity," he said. He attributed his success to what he called a pathfinder in Captain Jimmy Sassen, now a retired pilot but working with the Civil Aviation Authority of Fiji in Nadi. "He was the first to go out to the Gulf back in the 1980s and he set the bar for us who went to the Gulf," Mr Naigulevu said. "I was one of the 14 pilots who moved to Oman Air from Air Pacific." Captain Naigulevu is married to Salauca Caucau from Batiki and they have a son, Christian. It's back to business for Captain Naigulevu this week as he returns to his adopted country. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6485 0.6295 JPY 54.2852 51.2852 GBP 0.3875 0.3795 EUR 0.4540 0.4420 AUD 0.6555 0.6305 NZD 0.6909 0.6579 USD 0.4846 0.4676 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to AUDFJD to NZDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDAUD to FJDNZD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 23rd November, 2016 Today's Most Read Stories Seta's wish Cyclone victim receives three major awards $20 not enough Ice lab worry Bail granted in alleged abuse case Bus driver on rape charge DPP: No charges against FBC execs Fiji announces five new Boeing 737 Villagers to invest $1m Call to probe FSC loss Top Stories this Week 'Cloth' in a womb Monday (21 Nov) Soko 9 get jail Tuesday (22 Nov) Boy, 8, drowns Friday (18 Nov) Police warn on sale of sex aids Monday (21 Nov) Rabuka 'banned' Friday (18 Nov) Cama humbled to fill in Tietjens' shoes Friday (18 Nov) Fijian designer creates royal movie wear Thursday (17 Nov) Flying Fijians salute late Temo, reveal scouts scam on players' contract Sunday (20 Nov) Reddy: Year 8 students to move on Thursday (17 Nov) Murder suspect takes stand Friday (18 Nov) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
Iran News ... 08/14/16 Boeing representatives in Tehran: Iranian Minister Source: Press TV Boeing representatives are currently in Tehran, discussing the US plane maker's planned sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, an Iranian minister says. "Right now, Boeing representatives including three financial, legal and technical groups are in Tehran and negotiating" the sale of jetliners to Iran, Minister of Roads and Urban Development Abbas Akhundi said on Saturday. Related campaign by Tehran residents: Add 1000 wagons to Tehran Metro to address overcrowding Source: Javan daily Those negotiations with Airbus have concluded and the two sides were waiting for the US Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) to issue a license for the purchase to go ahead, Akhundi added. The two aviation rivals have signed initial accords with the flag carrier Iran Air to sell about 200 aircraft worth more than $50 billion to the country which is seeking to renovate its aging fleet after decades of sanctions. However, they are facing stiff opposition from pro-Israeli members of US Congress who are seeking to block the planned sales. The lawmakers plan to debate a raft of measures, including one that would prohibit the US Treasury from licensing the sales. US President Barack Obama and his allies are expected to oppose the legislation, but if the bills are written into law, they would prevent other firms from selling aircraft to Iran as well. US equipment allegedly accounts for more than 10% of the content used in almost all modern jets, requiring export licenses from the American government for any contract to be implemented. Iran's current civil aviation fleet consists of 248 aircraft, of which 100 are grounded. Akhundi expected deliveries by Airbus to start in the Iranian month of Aban which begins on October 22 if OFAC issues a license within the next two or three weeks. "As for Airbus, all technical, contractual and financial negotiations have finished and we are waiting for OFAC's license in which case all work will be wrapped up in time," he said. "Everything depends on this license and politicians are saying that OFAC's licenses for Airbus and Boeing are interrelated," Akhundi added in remarks quoted by the Tasnim news agency. As regards Airbus, most of the technical specifications have ended and only the time of the authorization remains to be announced by OFAC, the minister said. Iran Air agreed in January to buy 118 jets worth $27 billion at list prices from Airbus. Another MoU was signed in June, calling for Boeing to sell a total of 80 aircraft to Iran and help the country lease a further 29 in a deal worth $25 billion. Boeing has proposed to sell its 737, 777 and 787 models and promised after-sales support, according to Iranian officials who have said the country needs as many as 500 jets for its fleet. Iran's current civil aviation fleet consists of 248 aircraft with an average age of 20 years, of which 100 are grounded. Some media reports have said US Treasury might be putting off its decision on the sales until after the Nov. 8 presidential election in the US, where both Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump are stalwart supporters of Israel. Amid those speculations, Iranian carriers have begun talks with Canada's Bombardier and Brazil's Embraer as well as Japan's Mitsubishi Aircraft for its regional passenger jet currently under development. In February, turboprop manufacturer ATR and Iran Air signed a deal for the introduction of 40 newest generation ATR 72-600s. China's single-aisle C919 airliner which rolled off the assembly line last November is another option, but neither choice is without hurdles. While none of the companies has an aircraft for delivery in its inventory, both rely on the US and Europe for key parts in their manufacturing. ... Payvand News - 03/25/16 ... -- News Categories: Art Business & Economy Diaspora Energy & Oil Environment & GeographyEvents Film & Music For Peace Health & Medicine Heritage & History Literature & Books Middle East & Asia Philanthropy Politics Rights Science & Education Sports Society & Culture Travel Women Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Other Insteresting Articles: Home | Archive | Contact | About |  Web Sites | Bookstore | Persian Calendar | twitter | facebook | RSS Feed © Copyright 2016 NetNative (All Rights Reserved)
Toggle navigation ABOUT US Our Story Who we serve Our Partners Feedback PRODUCTS Company360° Bidness Maps Macro coming soon Portfolio coming soon Industry360°coming soon DATA COMPANIES AAPL CMG FB INTC MCD NKE QCOM TSLA VZ WMT More... Stock Screener Aerospace portal coming soon Pharma portal live Auto portal live Home Builder portal live Insurance portal live Banking portal live Reits portal live Oil portal live Midstream portal live TV portal live INDUSTRIES Consumer Autos Apparel Food & Beverage Retail Media Travel & Leisure Homebuilding Restaurants Luxury Goods Sports & Footwear Tobacco Energy Oil & Gas Coal & Consumables Solar Utilities Industrials Aerospace & Defense Airlines Conglomerates freight & Shipping Machinery Railroads Technology Cloud Computing Cybersecurity E-commerce Hardware Internet IT Services Semiconductors Social Media Software Healthcare Biotech pharmaceuticals Managed Care Health Equipment & Services Financials Big Banks Regional Banks Investment Banks Specialty Banks Brokerages Card Services Real Estate Materials Chemicals Construction Metals & Mining Telecom Integrated Carriers Equipment & Services MEDIA BIDNESSETC.com businessfinancenews.com technewstoday.com CONTACT US SIGN UP LOGIN Email Address: Password: LOGIN forgot password Home SIGN UP LOGIN About US Our Story Who we serve Our Partners Feedback Products Company 360° Bidness Maps Macro coming soon Portfolio coming soon Industry 360° coming soon Data Companies Stock Screener Aerospace Portal coming soon Pharma Portal live Auto Portal live Industries Consumer Energy Industrials Technology Healthcare Financials Materials Telecom Media BIDNESSETC.com businessfinancenews.com technewstoday.com Contact Us Aerospace & Defense USAF Gets Pentagon’s Approval for Signing First KC-46 Tanker Contract After conducting successful test flights of Boeing’s KC-46, the US Air Force has received the Pentagon’s approval to sign the first two tanker contracts By Staff Writer on Aug 14, 2016 at 6:29 am EST The US Department of Defense finally granted the Air Force permission to sign two initial contracts with Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Thanks to this contract, the airplane manufacturer will start the production of its KC-46 military tanker aircraft. The agreement is expected to be valued at $2.8 billion under which the aircraft manufacturer would manufacture 19 KC-46 aircraft. The current news would mean a big achievement for Boeing, as its troubled KC-46 tanker project has faced long delays due to technical issues. With the company resolving all its issues last month and conducting a successful refueling test flight for the A-10 Warthog military aircraft, Boeing can now look ahead to initiate full production of the aircraft once it signs the agreement with the US Air Force. Boeing was expected to sign the initial production agreement with US Air Force in August 2015, but because of the aircraft's technical issues it was not able to gain the Pentagon’s approval. The low rate production contract was then delayed to April this year which was also not received, as technical issues continued to plague the aircraft. The aircraft manufacturer gained the confidence of US officials after conducting successful test flights last month that resulted in the approval of the contract at last. As part of the long term US government contract, Boeing is slated to manufacture a total of 179 tanker aircraft bearing a consolidated value of $52 billion. “I commend the team for diligently working through some difficult technical challenges,” Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said in the statement. “The KC-46 program has made significant strides in moving the Air Force toward the modernization needed in our strategic tanker fleet." The KC-46 has still not received the full production contract approval from the US government as the US Air Force will test the aircraft performance during the low rate production period. Previously, the US Air Force had scheduled the KC-46 tanker's full approval for September 2017, but delays in the lower approval forced the US government to delay full production approval until March 2018. The KC-46 tanker aerial refueling military aircraft has also dented Boeing’s net margins due to increased project costs stemming from the delays due to the technical issues. The aircraft manufacturer had to incorporate $393 million worth of additional charges in its earnings for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, dealing a blow to investors. However, after the recent news, Boeing’s investors are also expected to gain confidence in the KC-46 project that was once considered a liability for the company. Apart from incorporating the KC-46 tanker project cost into its second quarter 2016 earnings, Boeing also had to include additional charges arising from its commercial aircraft production. It was due to these additional charges that the aircraft manufacturer reported a net loss per share after a long time. Along with these issues, Boeing is also experiencing tough market conditions after the US government reduced military spending to acquire new military jets. In the second quarter of 2016, Boeing’s Military Aircraft segment revenues came in at $2.97 billion, which is a 14% year-over-year (YoY) decline due to less C-17 and Chinook helicopter deliveries. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Trending Apple Does Damage Control to Solve Issue of “Sexism” at its Campus Iran All Geared Up to Pump Crude at Record Highs Tesla Motors Inc, Mobileye Accelerate Public Spat Over Autopilot Related Lockheed Martin Corporation Delays New GPS Satellite Delivery Again Boeing Co Looking at Stretching 737 Max Aircraft; Might Cut 777 Production rate Problems Continue for Airbus A380; Singapore Airlines Will Not Renew Its Lease × About Bidness Etc At Bidness, we are developing the most comprehensive and easy to use institutional financial data platform for investment management and investment banking. Our mission is to be the world’s most trusted financial data search and discovery platform. We are starting with US public equities, but plan to expand very broadly. Disclaimer The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the website, including but not limited to the Bidness Etc logo, are marks or registered marks of Bidness Etc and others. Sector News Technology Industrials Materials Consumer Energy Financials Telecom Healthcare Company Info About Bidness Etc Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Management Profile Contact Information ABOUT US CONTACT SITEMAP COMPANIES Skip this step >> X LOGIN I am not a Member! FORGOT PASSWORD? LOGIN REQUEST PRIVATE BETA ACCESS Already a Member? Full Name* Company* Job Title* Business Email* Country* Select Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegowina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia (Hrvatska) Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France France Metropolitan French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran (Islamic Republic of) Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao, People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Phone* What type of investor are you?* Select Any Analyst Hedge Fund Sellside Institutional Buyside Individual Investor Investment Advisor Investment Banking Corporate IR Consulting Student Academic Media Other How did you hear about us?* Select Any Media Conference Friend Search Other Which of the following financial platforms do you currently use?* Bloomberg Thomson Reuters S&P Capital IQ Factset Submit Request To see full Fundamental Data REQUEST PRIVATE BETA ACCESS Password length must be a minimum of 6 characters SUBMIT Early beta users will receive preferential pricing at full launch
null
Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Boeing admits ‘softness’ in widebody orders, weighs slowdown     By Dominic Gates The Seattle Times Aug. 14, 2016   Today’s Business stories Harvesters round up cranberries from bogs for Thanksgiving tables Lane County jobless rate drops slightly in October Court blocks overtime rule Dow surpasses 19,000 amid record-setting rally Facebook said to create censorship tool to get back into China More Business »   SEATTLE — Citing “softness” in the widebody jet market, Boeing chief financial officer Greg Smith said Wednesday that the airplane manufacturer will decide in the next couple months whether to further cut back planned production of its large 777 jet. Smith indicated that the dearth of widebody jet sales may also mean Boeing won’t raise output of the 787 Dreamliner as high as planned. A further 777 production rate cut and a lower-than-planned 787 rate — added to the possibility signaled last month that Boeing could shutter the 747 jumbo jet assembly line — would mean less work in the Seattle-area city of Everett and potential job cuts there, though it’s unclear how severe the impact might be. Boeing has already committed to slowing production of the current 777 from today’s rate of 8.3 jets per month — that’s 100 per year — down to 7 jets per month in 2017. The rate will decrease further to 5.5 jets per month during the transition to the new model 777X in 2018. Speaking at the Jefferies Industrials Conference in New York, Smith said it’s unclear if new orders will arrive in time to match those planned production rates. “Over the next couple of months, we’ll know,” Smith said. “We’ll either solidify those orders . or we’ll modify the production rate.” Boeing has said it needs to sell 40 to 60 jets per year to fill all the open 777 delivery slots between now and the end of the decade. So far this year, it has booked just eight net new orders. Smith did not indicate how much lower the rate might go. Local aviation analyst Scott Hamilton of Leeham.net said the 777 order backlog suggests a rate of about 4 aircraft per month is sustainable without further sales. One indicator that the 777 market is in trouble came in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing late last month by global aircraft lessor Intrepid Aviation. Intrepid, which has six 777s on order from Boeing, revealed it hasn’t yet found airlines to take four of those planes — three scheduled for delivery next fall and the other in early 2018. Sam Pearlstein, aerospace analyst with Wells Fargo, wrote in a note to investors that “this highlights why Boeing’s goal of 40-plus annual new 777 orders will remain a challenge.” Smith also lowered expectations on production of the 787 Dreamliner. Next year, 787 production is set to rise from today’s 10 jets per month to 12 per month. And Boeing had planned to make 14 per month by the end of the decade. Now that second rate hike looks uncertain. “We’re going to match supply and demand, and if it doesn’t play out to be 14, then we’ll adjust accordingly,” Smith said. “It’s not the end of the world if you went from 14 to 12. We can still be profitable.” While the 787 sold at record levels prior to entering service, sales slowed dramatically afterwards. In the first five years of sales, Boeing sold 700 Dreamliners. In the five and a half years since, it has sold 400 more. So far this year, Boeing has added just 19 net new orders for the jet. Last week, Leeham.net’s Hamilton wrote that even the planned rate of 12 Dreamliners per month could be challenging to sustain without more 787 sales. In an interview Wednesday, Hamilton said that if 787 production is further pared back, it’s likely the cutbacks will come in Everett rather than at the assembly line in North Charleston, S.C. The South Carolina line’s prospects are bolstered by the fact that Boeing will build the largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, only at that plant. If the 787 rate were cut, along with the possibility of a 777 production cut and the 747 line closing, “by the end of the decade, it’s very possible we could be looking at some lean times in Everett,” Hamilton said. And he warned that the new 777 model that’s in development, the 777X, doesn’t have enough sales to suggest a big recovery when it enters service in 2020. Boeing has 306 firm orders for that new jet, and has booked no new orders within the past year. Hamilton said that’s only enough to sustain a production rate of 4 or 5 a month. “The 777X isn’t going to be any kind of savior,” he said. Hamilton said Washington state officials need to do “a deep dive into the potential scenarios” and come up with a pro-active plan to capture new work for Everett — whether that’s Boeing’s next new airplane or aerospace work from other companies. More Business articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Business stories Business Harvesters round up cranberries from bogs for Thanksgiving tables Jobs Lane County jobless rate drops slightly in October Business Court blocks overtime rule Business Tired of travel fees? Here’s a charge you may be unaware of Business Dow surpasses 19,000 amid record-setting rally Business Facebook said to create censorship tool to get back into China Business Trump memorabilia special helps Fox News channel top ratings Business Business Highlights     Business Business Harvesters round up cranberries from bogs for Thanksgiving tables ILWACO, Wash. — Cranberry bogs in Washington state produce solid hues of vibrant red each fall as one of the state’s lesser-known crops is harvested in the months before Thanksgiving. This year’s estimated crop of … Lane County jobless rate drops slightly in October Court blocks overtime rule Tired of travel fees? Here’s a charge you may be unaware of More Business » Food Wine Natural partners The savory goodness of the Thanksgiving meal finds a match in pinot noir White toque aglow in the fading summer evening light, the diminutive Japanese chef swayed perceptibly as he raised a partially filled Riedel pinot noir glass in a toast to his captive audience between what seemed … Focus on: Thanksgiving desserts Focus on: Thanksgiving side dishes Focus on: Thanksgiving main dishes More Food » Weekend Entertaining Vegan victuals Holiday flavors come to the fore when veggies star When Sheree Walters plans a Thanksgiving feast, it features a pretty roulade made of stuffed seitan, a wheat-based protein. Accompaniments include traditional cranberry sauce, a cashew-based gravy and sweet potatoes presented inside hollowed-out oranges for … Weekend events in Lane County and beyond for Nov. 25-27 Crafted vintage treasures evoke holidays of the past All faux and plenty of play More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2016 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Boeing And Other Top Picks In Aerospace And Defense From Drexel Hamilton R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 15, 2016 1:59pm   Comments Share: Related BA Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win US Market Indexes Continue to Gain (GuruFocus) Related LLL 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Tuesday, November 15 Benzinga's Top Initiations L-3 buys MacDonald Humfrey Automation for $280M (Seeking Alpha) Drexel Hamilton picked up Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) in the overall aerospace and defense segment. On the commercial side, the brokerage picked up Woodward Inc (NASDAQ: WWD), Esterline Technologies Corporation (NYSE: ESL) and Barnes Group Inc. (NYSE: B). L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: LLL) and Harris Corporation (NYSE: HRS) are the brokerage's picks on the defense side. Analyst Pete Skibitski is not worried about the underperformance of Boeing in the year-to-date period, which witnessed 7.9 percent drop in performance. The confidence is supported by expected higher unit margins for 787 providing enough catalyst to reignite investors' interest. The brokerage sees the stock as moving around the quarter compared to the intra-quarter based on weak flow of orders moving ahead. The lead analyst termed KC-46 LRIP approval as a positive one for the stock. As far as the commercial side, Skibitski sees the growth in global air traffic to be in line with the historical average of 5 percent and was not worried about the moderation of air traffic. Related Link: Cowen Analysts Attempt To Quantify The Effect Of Delta's Power Outage "We favor suppliers like WWD and B particularly given their $ content gains on next-generation narrowbody engines that should ramp meaningfully over the next few years. ESL, in our mind, is a margin recovery story," the analyst wrote. Similarly, on the defense side, the analyst rated Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) as the top pick. However, the analyst believes that L-3 and Harris could outperform. The confidence was supported by L-3 regaining its stride, while investors see growth potentials in FY18 in Harris' case. At Time Of Writing... Harris Corporation was up 1.08 percent on the day, at $90.78. L-3 was up 2.36 at $150.99. Lockheed Martin was up 0.75 percent at $266.27. Boeing was up 1.4 percent at $134.97. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BA Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Vertical Research Initiates Coverage On Hold Oct 2016 Standpoint Research Downgrades Buy Sell Oct 2016 Baird Initiates Coverage on Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for BA View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Initiation Travel Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (B + BA) Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Wednesday, November 9 Best Sector ETFs For November: Let's Get Cyclical Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 1.5%; NCR Shares Spike Higher View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 HNR, ALBO: 15 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 ALBO, HRL: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 GWPH: What To Expect From GW Pharma's Upcoming Round Of Pre... 4 DLTR, GME: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 5 BECN, FB: Keep an Eye on These 7 Stocks for Novembe... 6 CSIQ, DY: Earnings Scheduled For November 2... 7 LC, DRYS: LendingClub Has Major Sho... 1 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Edge Lower; Rupee Down Against Dollar 2 FXI, GXC: Chinese Stock Markets Move Higher 3 USDA Monthly Cold Storage Report 4 BUD: Buy A Bud Light, Win Super Bowl Tickets For Life 5 Trading Forex Markets With Nadex Binaries And Spreads 6 AMD, MSFT: Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot 7 TSN: Tyson Poised For A Rebound, Vetr Crowd Says View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter; Live Cattle Futures Mixed JPMorgan Likes Home Depot For The Long Term
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos Most Popular 17,000 at-risk turtles released into Amazon - 01:22 Spending a night at Dracula's castle - 01:00 Swap that environmentally-unfriendly to-go cup - 01:20 World's first Audi Sport Center opens in UAE - 01:35 Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than conventional foam versions - 01:46 Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily, researchers find - 02:11 Holiday travelers crowd U.S. airports, roads - 00:59 Man, 0 - panda, 1 - 00:52 China goes global as Trump puts America first - 01:42 New oil low despite Libya's troubles - 02:23 Cubs players break out the victory champagne - 01:22 GOP rebels gain new power in Senate - 02:14 Zambia looks to the skies Monday, October 26, 2015 - 01:21 Zambia's government is keenly eyeing up plans for a national airline. As Tim Graham reports, the country has already been in talks with Boeing and Airbus. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Student pilot Chisomo Daka has high hopes for the future. She's one of hundreds of students who have registered at Zambia's national aviation college, banking on a future in the industry. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CHISOMO DAKA, STUDENT PILOT SAYING: "When I proceed to complete my commercial, I'm going to come back and join the national airline when it does come back and aim to be the best female pilot in this country." Zambia has big plans it wants to get off the ground. As part of its economic revival, the country aims to launch its own national airline. Currently, Zambian skies are dominated by smaller, low-cost carriers like Fastjet. But the government sees huge potential for investing in aviation. Yamfwa Mukanga is Zambia's Transport Minister. (SOUNDBITE) (English) YAMFWA MUKANGA, ZAMBIAN TRANSPORT MINISTER, SAYING: "Boeing came and made a presentation, so that we may appreciate how expensive or how cheap the planes are, and also we contacted Airbus. Airbus did the same, to take us through, so that we know what it takes to create a national airline." Critics argue any national carrier needs to be run by the private sector, rather than a government swelled by national pride. Zambia has had two main airlines since 1964, but both ultimately folded. There are high hopes that, this time, the idea might just take off. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2b9dHcb <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=366074777"></iframe> Close Zambia looks to the skies Monday, October 26, 2015 - 01:21 Top News » Police use force to push crowd away from bank Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) Haley accepts top U.N. post: reports Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Breakingviews TV: To Wells and back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Saffron industry in Afghanistan on the rise Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Obama presents Medal of Freedom awards one... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Europe on alert after U.S. travel warning Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Vadodara locals get snap-happy over crocodiles Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) At least one dead in wake of UK's Storm Angus Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Breakingviews TV: Facebook's $6 bln diversion Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor's steamy Bollywood... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) U.K. to Trump: 'No vacancy' for Farage as... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Israeli guard kills Palestinian attacker Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:41) Driver held after deadly school bus crash Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Kanye West hospitalised Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Quake rocks Japan nuclear plant Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Pope Francis extends power to forgive abortion Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:35) Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Grisly body find in Mexico Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Rohingyas flee Myanmar violence Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) 7.4 magnitude quake hits Japan Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Japan PM says government to do utmost to... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Mosul families flee as army expands eastern... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Breakingviews TV: Trump U-turn Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (2:41) Search for survivors concludes at Indian train... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Kabul suicide blast brings new dimension to... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) Business » Lilly Alzheimer's drug fails in big study Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Global markets: US, euro zone go separate ways Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Borrowing up, growth down for Brexit Britain Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) UK cuts growth outlook in post-Brexit budget... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (2:20) Breakingviews TV: To Wells and back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Euro zone PMIs surprise to the upside Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:23) Power vacuum threatens S. Korea as scandal... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Flights cancelled as Lufthansa pilots strike Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Chinese chicken chain probed for risque... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Saffron industry in Afghanistan on the rise Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Facebook crafts censorship tool to re-enter... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) China goes global as Trump puts America first Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) Zillow sees jump in home ownership in 2017 Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) Dow above 19,000 for first time Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Window still open for U.S., Asia trade Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:44) Breakingviews TV: Facebook's $6 bln diversion Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Spend more? We already do, says German finmin Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:49) Chancellor to spend on 'JAMs' in budget... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) VW puts Americas at heart of turnaround plan Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) Rich get richer, Britain gets poorer Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:27) Is TPP dead after Trump pullout promise? Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Black Friday moves online Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:44) China's car market on edge over tax break fate Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) Cyber Monday and Black Friday are merging Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Rough Cuts » Prince Harry in Saint Kitts and Nevis 12:36am IST - (1:20) Don't try to fry a frozen turkey:US safety... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Antigua PM gives Prince Harry awkward... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:32) Astronauts prepare for Thanksgiving space food... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Frozen turkeys and hot oil don't mix Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:58) State Dept. denies Obama "final push' in Iran... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) White House: TPP a "missed opportunity" Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) The Kardashians give back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:15) Trump departs after meeting at New York Times Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Trump has spoken with Obama since Oval Office... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:33) Trump won't "lock her up" Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) U.K. to Trump: 'No vacancy' for Farage as... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Bus driver faces charges after deadly... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Israeli guard kills Palestinian attacker Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:41) Quake rocks Japan nuclear plant Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Japan PM says government to do utmost to... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Deadly school bus crash in Chattanooga Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:47) Trump says will quit Pacific trade deal on day... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:29) Cuba's overweight dance company celebrates 20... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Adriana Lima jabs her way to fitness Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Prince Harry meets Windies cricket legends in... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) Trump to announce Cabinet picks "when he's... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) O'Hare workers plan holiday season strike,... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) Rescues in Syria after more airstrikes Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:37) "Hamilton" actor: No apology needed over Pence... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:38) Technology » Folding scooter looks to bridge last mile Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:58) Researchers in Singapore trial self-driving... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Origami-style eye test could help millions see... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:54) NASA launches revolutionary weather satellite Sun, 20 Nov, 2016 - (0:38) EcoHelmet is a foldable, recyclable helmet for... Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (2:23) Light therapy helps treat ailing bees in study Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Create the perfect beer using genetics Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Chimps caught on camera 'fishing' for algae Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Smart rats join tool-user club Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Groin-flashing frog found in Australia Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Turning urine into biogas Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Plaques unveiled to mark Paris attack sites Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:48) Robot dinosaurs unveiled in Japan Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (1:46) Oddly Enough » Don't fry your turkey, U.S. officials warn Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:36) Stars pull off 'Mannequin Challenge' at the... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:35) Antigua PM gives Prince Harry awkward... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:32) Astronauts prepare for Thanksgiving space food... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Frozen turkeys and hot oil don't mix Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:58) Daredevil Saudi boy barely flinches as knives... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) Japanese mask factory swamped with Trump... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Ambidextrous artist paints two portraits at... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:36) Trump presidency boosts Japan mask maker Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Polish priest opens spiritual emergency... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:49) Puggles born at Sydney Zoo Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) UK retailers do battle for best Christmas TV... Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Canberra zoo adds four newborn lemur babies Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (0:37) Biscuit dunking takes new heights Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Chinese "Trump" pheasant the pride of Zhejiang Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) China's golden pheasant heralded as Trump... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Japan's wine lovers bathe in Beaujolais... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Cows rescued after being stranded in NZ quake Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (0:45) Punches thrown in Ukrainian parliament as MPs... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:40) Dog yoga record broken in Japan Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Supermoon appears in Australia Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) Entertainment » Christie's to hold its first private sales... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:12) Duchess Kate celebrates "Dippy the Diplodocus" Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Mexico's Mariachi march in honour of patron... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) Ellen DeGeneres pulls off Mannequin Challenge... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) 'Moonlight', 'American Honey' lead Spirit... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Obama presents Medal of Freedom awards one... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Lin-Manuel Miranda talks 'Moana', 'Mary... Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (2:02) The Kardashians give back Wed, 23 Nov, 2016 - (1:15) Ancient Lebanese ruins lit up for singer... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Rowling's magic to net profit for Pottermore Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) U.S. election looms over International Emmy... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor's steamy Bollywood... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Paris' Champs Elysees illuminated with... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) Kanye West hospitalised Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Hip-hop legends A Tribe Called Quest top... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Cuba's overweight dance company celebrates 20... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Kanye West cancels tour after bizarre concert... Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:12) Adriana Lima jabs her way to fitness Tue, 22 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard attend Paris... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (2:17) Lady Gaga, Sting and Green Day among stars at... Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (1:28) 'Fantastic Beasts' dominates box office Mon, 21 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) 'Hamilton' cast tell Mike Pence they're... Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (1:27) First Latina Princess debuts at Disneyland... Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (1:25) Taylor Swift becomes an 'experience' Sat, 19 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Monroe's JFK birthday dress goes for $4.8 mln... Fri, 18 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for daytondailynews.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your daytondailynews.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your daytondailynews.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on daytondailynews.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Cars Homes Classified Help 46 20 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 46 20 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav News Summary  Crime News  Gov't & Politics  Ideas & Voices I-Team  Local News  Nation & World  Obituaries  Ohio Lottery Ohio News Blogs  Ohio Politics  Washington Insider  Information Press Releases  School Closings  Submit a Letter to the Editor sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Cincinnati Bengals Cincinnati Reds  Cleveland Browns  Dayton Dragons High Schools Miami RedHawks  OSU Buckeyes  Pro Auto Racing UD Flyers WSU Raiders Blogs  Hal McCoy's Reds Blog  Cincinnati Bengals  Flyer Connection Business  close subnav open subnav All Business Nation & World Business Jobs Business Events Sign up for B2B Headlines Community close subnav open subnav All Communities Beavercreek  Centerville  Dayton  Fairborn  Huber Heights  Kettering Lebanon Miamisburg Springboro Xenia View More Information Things to Do School Closings Submit a Letter to the Editor Life close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrations  Health  Healthcare @ Your Fingertips Home & Garden  Military Community Pets  Technology  Think Education  Travel  Worship Guide My Local Shopping  Top Sales Local Ads Weekly Ads Grocery Coupons Entertainment close subnav open subnav All Entertainment Bars & Clubs  Puzzles & Games  Movies  Music  Restaurants  Theater & Arts Things to do TV From Dayton.com Things to Do Daytonian of the Week  Best of Dayton More close subnav open subnav Classifieds Jobs Homes Cars Latest Photo Galleries Contact Us Subscribe Customer Service  Sign up for Newsletters Archive - Past Articles  Photo & Page Reprints NIE Dayton Daily News ePaper 46 Dayton, OH  45403 20 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Sign up for newsletters Obituaries Classifieds Jobs  Cars  Homes  Subscribe Contact Us Advertise with Us Our Products Dayton Daily News ePaper myDaytonDailyNews Dayton.com WHIO Journal-News Springfield News-Sun K99.1FM 95.3 The Eagle Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Pentagon OK on tankers a job boost for Wright-Patt 0 breaking news Decades in prison for local man in Ohio terror plot Pentagon OK on tankers a job boost for Wright-Patt 0 Barrie Barber Staff Writer 9:35 a.m. Monday, Aug. 15, 2016 News 0 The Pentagon has OK’d production of the KC-46 Pegasus aerial refueling tanker, clearing the way for the Air Force to award a $2.8 billion contract to aerospace giant Boeing to buy the first 19 jets. The Dayton region and Ohio have large stakes in the future production of the tanker jet: The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center’s Tanker Directorate manages the program with more than 170 employees at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and Ohio is major aerospace supplier to Boeing. “It will definitely strengthen our posture here in the state of Ohio … especially since it’s all managed here,” said Kerry D. Taylor, director of the Aerospace Hub of Innovation and Opportunity in Dayton and a retired Air Force colonel. The long-awaited decision to assemble the tanker at Boeing’s manufacturing center in Washington state arrives after flight tests ended this summer. A contract to buy the first jets is expected within a month. The aerial tanker “will become the backbone of the refueling fleet,” said Daryl Mayer, an Air Force program spokesman. The upcoming production contract will be in addition to the $4.9 billion spent on Pegasus development, he said Monday. ‘Very old tanker fleet’ Aerospace and defense analysts said the Air Force needs to replace aging Cold War-era tankers. The Air Force expects to purchase 179 KC-46 jets, based on the Boeing 767, to replace the KC-135 Stratotanker, a mainstay workhorse last assembled in the mid-1960s. The Air Force has 414 KC-135 tankers, and more than half fly in the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve. The active-duty Air Force also has 59 KC-10 Extenders built in the 1980s. “The Air Force has a very old tanker fleet and it gets older every year,” said Richard Aboulafia, a senior aerospace analyst with the Virginia-based Teal Group. “Starting to replace 400 jets at a rate of 15 per year is a recipe for a fleet that keeps getting older for years to come. “One risk is concurrency, which is when design changes are made after production has started, and those changes have to be inserted into the existing fleet,” he added in an email. “Hopefully there’s not much risk of that at this point, but you can’t rule it out.” The design of the Cold War-era KC-135 was based on the Boeing 707 jetliner retired decades ago by commercial airlines, noted Loren B. Thompson, a senior defense analyst with the Lexington Institute in Virginia and a defense industry consultant. Boeing was “well positioned” to produce more KC-46s in the future, he added. Technical hurdles The development of the KC-46 hasn’t been without technical challenges. A Boeing spokesman confirmed Monday the company has absorbed $1.9 billion in pre-tax cost overruns on the fixed-price $4.9 billion development contract. Program officials have cited complexities with refueling systems that caused delays in testing, among other hurdles. The delivery of the first fleet production KC-46 was postponed from next March to August 2017, with the 18th aircraft set to arrive in January 2018. “Boeing bid aggressively to win the tanker contract,” Thompson said in an email. “In fact, it knew it would lose money on development but bet it could make the losses back in production and sustainment. By bidding to win, it managed to preserve a 60-year franchise in aerial refueling for the joint force. “The bottom line on Pegasus is that if this program did not exist, there are a lot of places around the world that U.S. fighters and bombers wouldn’t be able to reach in the future,” Thompson wrote. The KC-46 can haul more than 212,000 pounds of fuel and can be configured to carry a maximum of 114 passengers, or 65 patients on an aeromedical evacuation mission, figures show. This summer, the newest tanker refueled a C-17 Globemaster III, an F-16 Fighting Falcon, an A-10 Thunderbolt II and a KC-10 Extender through a refueling boom. A hose and drogue system — used by the Navy and Marine Corps — refueled a Navy F/A-18 and a Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier. A wing tip refueling pod that uses a hose and drogue will be delivered in October 2018, according to Boeing. Ohio is a top supplier to Boeing. The Chicago-headquartered aerospace giant spent $12.2 billion in Ohio in 2015 and it has more than 380 suppliers and vendors that directly or indirectly support 400,000 jobs, newspaper archives show. View Comments 0 Most Read Health Inspections: China Garden Buffet flatpage-for-wraps Newborn baby gets first shampoo video | Dayton Ohio Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 41 45403 20 Most Read Health Inspections: China Garden Buffet flatpage-for-wraps Newborn baby gets first shampoo video | Dayton Ohio Things To Do Add Event + See More More from daytondailynews.com Topics News  Sports Business Community Life  Entertainment Almost 50 Black Friday deals! Crime Troy foster care agency raided Business Higher discounts help online sales reach $25B before Black Friday Englewood Dr. Bowers Award given to Northmont couple Local Vandalia water rates to increase News Decades in prison for local man in Ohio terror plot Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports Weather business entertainment life Site Map Follow & Share Facebook Twitter Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds General Information Contact Us Subscribe Digital Products FAQs Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Coupons at Valpak Find&Save Local Shopping General Acceptance Policy Our Partners WHIO K99.1FM 95.3 The Eagle Marketplace jobs cars homes classifieds shopping advertise PRODUCTS Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.

THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 23 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Dubai's 7DAYS newspaper to close, with loss of 120 jobs National Bank of Bahrain names new CEO Chinese, Iranian co's interested in leasing Pakistan Steel Mills Dubai Expo Village to be converted to freehold residential project Kuwait's real estate activity picks up, but sales subdued Why is it time to buy prime property in Dubai? Small contractors in Saudi stop working Chinese, Iranian co's interested in leasing Pakistan Steel Mills Lower oil prices creating opportunities- Emirates Global Aluminium CEO Indian Oil plans expansion of refinery co-owned by Iran UK funding autonomous vehicles, electric cars OPEC to debate production cut; Iran, Iraq reluctant Saudi long bond shines in volatility after Trump win National Bank of Bahrain names new CEO Oman's bank credit rises 8%, deposits 1.5% in Sept Saudi long bond shines in volatility after Trump win Etihad Airways prices $1.5 bln sukuk Islamic banking surpasses $1 trn New scanners to speed up airport security Airbus to fly biggest A350 in battle of big twinjets Drones to rescue swimmers from drowning in Dubai Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Palestinian winds of change blow softly UK cuts growth forecasts in first budget plan since Brexit Pakistani civilians, soldiers killed in Indian shelling Saudi long bond shines in volatility after Trump win Dubai's 7DAYS newspaper to close, with loss of 120 jobs Lower oil prices creating opportunities- Emirates Global Aluminium CEO Palestinian winds of change blow softly France to convene Syria meeting Jordan's state-owned company to develop Wadi Araba Tunisian lawyers strike over austerity budget Tunisia confirms U.S. drones over Libyan border Algeria endorses spending cuts, higher taxes for 2017 UK cuts growth forecasts in first budget plan since Brexit Pakistani civilians, soldiers killed in Indian shelling Business growth in euro zone rises to highest rate this year Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Global investors play policy split between U.S., EU Trumped-up dollar steadies, offshore yuan hits record low OPEC to debate production cut; Iran, Iraq reluctant Saudi long bond shines in volatility after Trump win Global investors play policy split between U.S., EU Saudi shares advance, rest of region quiet Global investors play policy split between U.S., EU Offshore yuan hits new record low in volatile trade Trumped-up dollar steadies, offshore yuan hits record low Global investors play policy split between U.S., EU OPEC to debate production cut; Iran, Iraq reluctant Gold steady ahead of Fed meeting Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai drops case against UK woman charged after reporting rape Tunisian lawyers strike over austerity budget Dubai Courts to host conference on economic law Tunisian lawyers strike over austerity budget GCC countries need to raise non-oil revenues to maintain stability: Report Dubai Courts to host conference on economic law Trial begins of 13 women who staged protests in Saudi Arabia Cybercrime cost UAE $1.4 bln this year U.S.-Iranian citizen convicted in U.S. for trying to buy missiles for Iran Saudi insurance sector sees growth with new regulations EU police arrest 178 in money laundering crackdown Qatari law gives expats 30 days grace period for residency permits Spanish court wants prison sentence for Barca's Neymar Dubai drops case against UK woman charged after reporting rape French parliament dismisses impeachment call against Hollande Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports New scanners to speed up airport security Spanish court wants prison sentence for Barca's Neymar Emirates A380 blossoms at Dubai Miracle Garden Gaza doctors face challenge after birth of conjoined twins Risk-based inspection improves food safety in Dubai eateries Walking may decrease anxiety more than rigorous exercise Emirates A380 blossoms at Dubai Miracle Garden Tokyo holds its first fashion show for Muslim women Big Boys Toys event opens in Abu Dhabi New scanners to speed up airport security Britain's Duchess Kate gives London dinosaur a royal send-off Drones to rescue swimmers from drowning in Dubai Dubai's 7DAYS newspaper to close, with loss of 120 jobs India's Zee to buy TV channels, radio from Reliance Brad Pitt cleared by FBI for airplane incident, will not face charges FIFA's Infantino wants video replays at 2018 World Cup Spanish court wants prison sentence for Barca's Neymar Zidane praises Real's fighting spirit in Europe Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Jet Airways records fifth consequtive profitable quarter; posts US$ 19m net profit in Q1 of FY17 14 August, 2016 • Improves operating results by 124% • Registers growth in capacity, aircraft utilisation and passengers carried • Cash generated from operations used to reduce debt by US$ 53m 14 August 2016 • Improves operating results by 124% • Registers growth in capacity, aircraft utilisation and passengers carried • Cash generated from operations used to reduce debt by US$ 53m Jet Airways Group Q1 (FY17) highlights: o  Operating Profit increased by 124% to US$ 33m o  EBITDAR of US$ 187m in Q1 FY17 as against US$ 170m in Q1 FY16 Advertisement o  Total Revenue of US$ 806m   o  Available Seat Kilometres increased by 3.8% to 12.8 billion ASKs on the back of improved utilisation of aircraft o  Total Cost per ASK (CASK) for Q1 FY17 reduced by 7.1% to US cents 6.25 compared to Q1 FY16 o  CASK excluding fuel for Q1 FY17 reduced by 1.2% to US cents 4.77 in Q1 FY17 compared to Q1 FY16 o   Passengers carried increased by 4.4% to 6.6 million in Q1 FY17 from 6.3 million in Q1 FY16 o   Aircraft utilisation for Boeing 737 fleet continues to increase and reached 13.6 hours in Q1 FY17, one of the highest in the industry. Overall fleet utilisation increased by 1.7% to 12.9 hours o  Overall traffic from codeshare partners surged by 13% to 551,859 passengers carried from 487,921 passengers in Q1 of FY16 o  Passengers and revenues delivered by Etihad Airways and Etihad Airways Partners rose by 41% and 38% respectively in FY17 Jet Airways Group has announced its fifth successive profitable quarter for the period ending June 30, 2016 based on continuing improvement in aircraft utilization, increased efficiency and reduction in cost, including non-fuel expenses. Consistent financial performance has enabled Jet Airways to further reduce its debt by US$ 53m during Q1 of FY17. Cost per available seat kilometre (CASK) excluding fuel dropped by 1.2% to US cents 4.77 in Q1 FY17 compared to US cents 5.09 in the corresponding period of the previous year, clearly indicating Jet Airways' focused approach in achieving operational efficiencies throughout its business. The company reported a net profit of US$ 19m in Q1 of FY17 compared to US$ 36m in the corresponding period of the previous year. The net profit of Q1 FY16 included an exceptional item on account of contribution receivable from lessors. Naresh Goyal, Chairman, Jet Airways, said: "Jet Airways has strengthened its core operations and achieved better capacity utilization and greater efficiency. We have been able to report lower non-fuel cost in spite of inflationary increases and weakening of Indian Rupee against US Dollar by almost 6%. "Due to the intense competitive environment, industry yields were under pressure in Q1 and the trend is expected to continue in Q2. "At Jet Airways, we continue to focus on our key priorities areas of customer satisfaction, network optimisation and driving operational efficiencies. "Our strategic partnership with Etihad Airways continues to strenghten. In Q1, codeshare traffic delivered by Etihad Airways and other Etihad Airways Partner airlines to Jet Airways grew by 41%. "As a network carrier, we have been able to drive greater integration between domestic and international operations providing enhanced connectivity to our guests throughout the Jet Airways network. "Jet Airways remains committed to its endeavor of connecting India to the world as India's economic growth story gains further momentum." James Hogan, Vice Chairman, Jet Airways and President and Chief Executive Officer, Etihad Aviation Group, said: "Jet Airways is a key player in the Indian aviation market offering a full service product and a robust network. "We will continue to strengthen the partnership between Jet Airways and Etihad Airways by driving further synergies, along with other Etihad Airways Partner airlines. In a competitive market, we have together created a winning combination of a wider combined network and exceptional guest experience for travellers to and from India. "Jet Airways continues to grow its traffic over the Abu Dhabi gateway, complementing the Etihad Airways network. Together, we are the largest combined scheduled operator of flights to and from India with a 20 per cent market share. Our robust partnership continues to go from strength is strength." Overall codeshare traffic for the first quarter of FY17 grew 13% to 551,859 passengers. A wider network of codeshares now enables Jet Airways to offer significantly enhanced global connectivity and has helped deliver the increase in passenger traffic. Jet Airways' recently introduced daily non-stop operations to Amsterdam from Mumbai, Delhi and Toronto have received very encouraging response with an average seat factor of 84%. To meet the growing demand from business and corporate travellers, Jet Airways will upgrade its flight on the Mumbai-Amsterdam route to a Boeing 777-300 ER with effect from October 30, 2016. From Amsterdam, Jet Airways offers connections to 30 destinations across Europe and 11 destinations in the United States and Canada through its codeshare partnership with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Delta Air Lines. During the first quarter of FY17, Jet Airways launched a multi-media campaign themed 'Get More' to highlight the significant benefits and additional features offered by Jet Airways as a full service airline. Jet Airways is launching Fare Choices, a new flexible fare structure allowing guests more choice and freedom when booking flights. Jet Airways joins a select group of airlines worldwide offering a branded fare structure which offers flexibility and transparency. Fare Choices to be launched on August 17, 2016 is a transparent fare structure offering flexibility and tailored benefits, allowing guests the ability to customise their travel experience according to their needs. About Jet Airways Jet Airways is India's premier international airline operating flights to 67 destinations, including India and across the world. Jet Airways' robust domestic network in India spans the length and breadth of the country covering metro cities, state capitals and emerging destinations. Beyond India, Jet Airways operates flights to key international destinations in South East Asia, South Asia, Middle East, Europe and North America. The Jet Airways Group currently operates a fleet of 117 aircraft, comprising Boeing 777-300 ERs, Airbus A330-200/300, Next Generation Boeing 737s and ATR 72-500/600s, with an average aircraft age of 7.33 years. JetPrivilege, the airline's award-winning loyalty and rewards programme offers exclusive privileges to members when they travel Jet Airways and any of its partner airlines and on transacting with any of the 150+ programme partners. Jet Airways, together with airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Etihad Airways, Etihad Regional operated by Darwin Airline, and NIKI, participates in Etihad Airways Partners. Etihad Airways is part of the Etihad Aviation Group, which also holds minority investments in each of these airlines. For more information, please visit: www.jetairways.com © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News U.S.'s Wyndham hotel group strengthens leadership team in Middle East and Africa with new appointment 11 hours ago Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 17 Nov 2016 Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RelianceJio News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Gripen & F-16 compete in MMRCA re-run The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest Since April 2011, when the Indian Air Force (IAF) shortlisted the Eurofighter and Rafale for purchase, Swedish company Saab has believed its JAS-39 Gripen fighter was unfairly eliminated from that globally watched tender for 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA). Similarly, US aerospace giant, Lockheed Martin, which had offered an F-16 Block 50/52 variant called the Super Viper, feels hard done by. Yet, one of these companies might still have the last laugh after the eventual MMRCA winner, Dassault of France, failed to conclude a contract for the Rafale. The Gripen NG and the ... Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Online tax refunds reduce hardships of I-T assesses: Modi Business Standard Gripen & F-16 compete in MMRCA re-run The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest Ajai Shukla  |  New Delhi  August 16, 2016 Last Updated at 00:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGsmrW Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Since April 2011, when the Indian Air Force (IAF) shortlisted the Eurofighter and Rafale for purchase, Swedish company Saab has believed its JAS-39 Gripen fighter was unfairly eliminated from that globally watched tender for 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA). Similarly, US aerospace giant, Lockheed Martin, which had offered an F-16 Block 50/52 variant called the Super Viper, feels hard done by. Yet, one of these companies might still have the last laugh after the eventual MMRCA winner, Dassault of France, failed to conclude a contract for the Rafale. The Gripen NG and the ... TO READ THE FULL STORY, SUBSCRIBE NOW AT JUST Rs 149 A MONTH Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only. Already a premium subscriber? LOGIN NOW LOGIN EMAIL / USER NAME PASSWORD REMEMBER ME Forgot password? LOGIN Not a member yet ? Resister Now Connect using any below LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK LOGIN WITH GOOGLE Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Don't lose the opportunity of saving $26.77 per month Total Amount Rs. 0.00 To proceed, kindly select a subscription package WHAT YOU GET On Business Standard Digital Access your subscription from anywhere. Be it your computer, tablet or smartphone using a browser or the App, Your Choice. Access to exclusive content, features, opinions and comment, hand-picked by our editors, just for you. Pick your 5 favourite companies. Get all the news upates at the end of each day through E-Mail. Pick the industry that you want to track. And get a daily news letter specific to that industry. Cut out the clutter. And stay on top of your investments. Track stock prices in your portfolio Access 18 years of archival data On Digital Seamless access to WSJ.com with your Business Standard digital account. Experience the best of the Journal's reporting, video and interactive features. Read about the people and events shaping business, finance, technology, politics, technology and culture. Stay informed with newsletters - an easy way to get WSJ content straight to your inbox - making life easier on your busiest days. More business executives read the Journal globally than any other publication. *Note : American Express® is proud to be associated with this initiative and will contribute Rs 100 x 6 months thereafter, standard rate of Rs 149 will be charged. Offer valid for Indian residents only Requires you to share personal information like PAN, Date of Birth, and Income. *Annual saving on WSJ subscription price of US$ 347.88 (12 months @ US$ 28.99 per month) * 1US$ = 67.50 INR. *Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital *Note : Please note that this offer is not valid if you are/were a registered/existing user on WSJ Digital. LOGIN Already registered ? Read More On Gripen Ng | F-16 Block 70 | Combat Aircraft Contest | Indian Air Force | Eurofighter | Rafale | Saab | Jas-39 Gripen Fighter | Multi-role Combat Aircraft | Mmrca | Narendra Modi | Manohar Parrikar | Aeronautical Development Agency | Ada | Jan Widerstrom | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Gripen & F-16 compete in MMRCA re-run The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest The Gripen NG and the F-16 Block 70 are front runners in a truncated replay of the medium multi-role combat aircraft contest Since April 2011, when the Indian Air Force (IAF) shortlisted the Eurofighter and Rafale for purchase, Swedish company Saab has believed its JAS-39 Gripen fighter was unfairly eliminated from that globally watched tender for 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA). Similarly, US aerospace giant, Lockheed Martin, which had offered an F-16 Block 50/52 variant called the Super Viper, feels hard done by. Yet, one of these companies might still have the last laugh after the eventual MMRCA winner, Dassault of France, failed to conclude a contract for the Rafale. The Gripen NG and the ... Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Widgets Magazine MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out22:28 GMT +323 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Air Force Tests First Smart-Weapon Launcher for Bomber Fleet © AP Photo/ Mindaugas Kulbis US 00:24 16.08.2016(updated 03:32 16.08.2016) Get short URL 43130526 As it enhances its arsenal, the US Air Force has conducted the first test of an upgraded B-52 bomber. In January, the Pentagon began retrofitting its B-52 Superfortress bombers to release "smart" weapons from its internal bomb bays. © AFP 2016/ EPA PHOTO/PA/TIM OCKENDEN US Air Force Upgrades Aging B-52 Nuclear Bombers for New Smart Weapons "The upgraded launchers allow the B-52 to carry GPS-guided or ‘smart’ weapons in the weapons bay for the first time and are ready for use," reads a statement released by US defense contractor Boeing. This month, the Air Force used a cruise missile in conducting its first test of the Conventional Rotary Launcher (CRL), dubbed the Joint Attack Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM). Carried out by the 775th Test Squadron at Edwards Air Force Base in California, the trial was the first of three test phases. Three cruise missiles were dropped from an upgraded B-52H. This initial trial focused on data collection related to the JASSM’s coordination with the new launcher. The next phase will add live weapons to the test, while the final phase will examine the CRL’s full capabilities. Carrying bombs inside of the aircraft instead of mounted beneath the wings allows the B-52 to reduce drag and improve flight performance. While the bomber is currently capable of carrying 12 JASSMs externally, the upgrades allow it to hold eight smart bombs internally, in addition to other "dumb" munitions. © Flickr/ Robert Karma In the Face of Controversy, US Air Force Calls on Defense Firms for New Nuclear Cruise Missiles The Pentagon is also moving forward with a new nuclear missile known as the Long-Range Standoff Weapon (LRSO) that, once completed, could be carried by the bomber. "The LRSO weapon system will be a cost-effective force multiplier for B-52, B-2, and B-21 aircraft to credibly deter adversaries and assures US allies of our deterrent capabilities," reads a US Air Force statement released earlier this month. The Pentagon has called on defense companies to submit bids for the weapon’s design. "LRSO is a critical element of the United States’ nuclear deterrence strategy," Maj. Gen. Scott Jansson, commander of the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center and Air Force program executive officer for strategic systems, told Defense One. "Releasing this solicitation is a critical step toward affordably recapitalizing the aging air leg of the nuclear triad." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 526 Related: Help Wanted: US Air Force Needs Hundreds of Pilots US Air Force Cannot Afford to Buy Enough of Its Own $150mn F-35 Fighter Jets US Air Force Struggling to Choose Replacement for A-10 Aircraft Tags: Conventional Rotary Launcher (CRL), Joint Attack Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM), smart bomb, B-52, Pentagon, US Air Force, Scott Jansson, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 01:10 16.08.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete extending the life of the platform. Reply Korz53 02:52 16.08.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete US following Russian examples with the Tupolev’s Tu-95 ( Bear ); US showing some smarts here.| en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tupolev_Tu-95#/media/File:Russian_Bear_%27H%27_Aircraft_MOD_45158140.jpg | en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tupolev_Tu-95Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Israel Media: Trump Secretly Preparing Joint US-Russian-Turkish Assault on Daesh An Israeli military intelligence website is claiming that US President-elect Donald Trump, prior to being sworn in to the White House, is already managing America’s military, and that he is secretly preparing for a joint assault on Daesh with Russia and Turkey. 1281 Reporters Without Borders No Longer Pretends it Protects Reporters – Sputnik The refusal of the Reporters Without Borders (RSF) to give comments to the Russian media group Rossiya Segodnya amid restrictions to media freedom in the European Union means that the organization does not really seek to protect journalists, Sputnik news agency's Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan told Sputnik on Wednesday. 2318 'Lock Her Up': Untold Story of Hillary Clinton's Disgrace in Haiti Donald Trump was the only presidential candidate who highlighted that the Clinton-backed earthquake recovery project in Haiti was an absolute disgrace, Dr. Dady Chery, a Haitian-born journalist, told Sputnik, adding that she believes that Haitian-Americans are not the only ones who voted for Trump to see the Clintons brought to justice. 3925 Iraqi Army, Peshmerga Troops Make Advances in Liberating Mosul from Daesh According to Sputnik’s sources in the Iraqi Army, government forces and Peshmerga troops in the framework of Mosul operation were able to make significant advances in liberating strategic quarters of the city. 0 273 Trump’s Son Held Private Meeting on Joint US-Russian Efforts to End Syrian War US President-elect Donald Trump’s son discussed potential US-Russian cooperation on the Syrian civil war during a meeting in Paris last month, US media reported on Wednesday. 0 642 Ho! Ho! Ho! Crisis Compelled Santa Claus Turns Into Uber Cab Driver Economic crises are a testing time for everyone, even if you are a Santa Claus! Anyone using Uber taxi services in São Paulo, Brazil may end up face to face with Gesualdo D'Avola Filho, a Santa Claus, who in his spare time works as a driver in order to earn some cash before the end of the year. 0 56 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 22:13Israel Media: Trump Secretly Preparing Joint US-Russian-Turkish Assault on Daesh 22:02Indian, Pakistani Military Commanders Hold Talks Amid Tensions on Border 21:54Haley's Work at UN Should Not Be Overshadowed by Trump Business Interests 21:52Resolution Against Russian Media Violates EU Citizens' Right to Data Access 21:51Canadian Armed Forces Face Apparent Rise in Suicide Rates for Male SoldiersAll news Russian Servicemen Kidnapped in Crimea by Ukrainian Operatives 11444 NASA Uncovers Images Mysterious Bright Details on Surface of Dwarf Planet Ceres 10295 Key Reason Why Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Does Not Take Part in Aleppo Operation 9851 Two Saudi Women Sentenced to 20 Lashes for Using 'Obscene Words' on WhatsApp 9030 India’s Selective Nod to Blacklisted Defense Firms 8963All news Russian Servicemen Kidnapped in Crimea by Ukrainian Operatives 107 $4.4 Billion USS Zumwalt Destroyer Towed From Panama Canal After Breakdown 52 'They Keep Trying to "Teach" Us Democracy', But Bans Aren't The Way - Putin 41 EU Parliament Approves Resolution Equating Sputnik, RT to Daesh Propaganda 39 Obama: I May Step in to Defend US Values After Trump's Inauguration 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Monsters From Above: Military Aircraft Turned Into Spooky Creatures Priorities US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
recommended reading New Background Check Director: System ‘Not Where It Needs To Be’ OPM Gets Poor Cyber Grade 18 Months After Breach Connolly Worries About Civilian Agencies Under Trump's Plans Presidential Transition Helps Lay the Foundation for a New Era of Tech Policy Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Army Innovation // FBI Hacking Powers // Device Security // Encryption // Adult Friend Finder // Customer Experience News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Sponsored: FedTech Video: NASA Preps Space Station for Commercial Craft Expedition 48 crew members Kate Rubins (left) and Jeff Williams (right) of NASA outfit spacesuits inside of the Quest airlock aboard the International Space Station. // NASA By Heather Kuldell August 15, 2016 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Video: Inside the International Space Station’s Inflatable Addition Video: Testing the Materials That Will Take Us to Mars 360 Video: Watch NASA Astronauts Train for a Spacewalk Underwater Video: An Inflatable Bouncy Castle in Space Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size NASA is prepping a welcome mat for future commercial crew spacecraft visiting the International Space Station. To accommodate Boeing and SpaceX craft, two NASA astronauts will install the first of two international docking adapters. On Aug. 17, ground crew will use a robotic arm to remove the adapter from a SpaceX Dragon cargo craft. On Aug. 19, Expedition 48 Commander Jeff Williams and Flight Engineer Kate Rubins will spacewalk to install it on the Harmony module of the space station. The spacewalk will be Williams’ fourth and Rubins’ first. recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT The Inimitable Effect of Standing on Productivity The Decision-Making Science of Effective Healthcare Life After the Big Bang Making Sense of Healthcare FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Beyond the Beltway // This eBook debriefs the topics covered at the latest meetups this summer, highlighting key conversations focused around how government is harnessing innovations from Silicon Valley, such as artificial intelligence, biotech and more. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: "Tech Revolutions: Open Source + IoT" // This eBook discusses the latest topics and conversations around open source and the Internet of Things from the latest meetups, which were attended by the brightest minds in government, industry and academia. CIOs, Time to Be ‘Enabler in Chief’ Instead of ‘Constrainer in Chief’ See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Join Us Nov. 30 for the Digital Citizen Summit Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel How to Stop Insider Threats from Departing Employees Tech Insider by David Green Why Silicon Valley May Warm to Trump Wired Workplace by Ian Bogost sponsored links The Space Report Online The Space Report Online is your guide to global space activity - 10 years of industry, policy and trend data - when you need it. www.thespacereport.org 2016-2017 AFCEA Monthly Breakfast Series If you’re interested in sponsoring our 2016-2017 Monthly Breakfast Series, please contact April O’Brien at registrar@afceabethesda.org or visit the link below bethesda.afceachapters.org Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency State --select-- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Overseas Europe (AE) Overseas Pacific (AP) Phone number Submit View Privacy Policy
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News No place for Amartya Sen in Nalanda University board Kerala actor Mohanlal under fire for equating bank and liquor queues Cash rush: Government sends teams for ear-to-ground reports Two militants killed in Bandipore, new Rs 2000 notes recovered Minister’s family runs into cash hurdle in Karnataka hospital Home Business Aviation Air India starts Ahmedabad-Newark flight service Air India starts Ahmedabad-Newark flight service Until now, Air India services all its European routes with the Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner plane. By: PTI | Ahmedabad | Published:August 15, 2016 11:36 pm National carrier Air India on August 15 commenced its first Dreamliner service to the United States with the launch of a flight from here to Newark via London. National carrier Air India on August 15 commenced its first Dreamliner service to the United States with the launch of a flight from Ahmedabad to Newark via London. As of now, Airline services all its European routes with the Boeing 787-800 Dreamliner plane. ‘Air India is happy to start this new flight on August 15. It is a dream fulfilled for the people of Ahmedabad on India’s 70th Independence day. This is the third international flight introduced by Air India and we shall be launching flights to more international destinations soon,” Air India Chairman and Managing Director Ashnwani Lohani, said after launching the flight. Gujarat Minister for Revenue and Education, Bhupendrasinh Chudasama was the chief guest on this occasion. The maiden AI Dreamliner flight (AI-171) to Newark took off from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport at 0500 hours, according to a release. The new flight is expected to meet a long standing demand of more than six lakh Indians in Ahmedabad and expatriates in Newark and neighboring cities. “This flight was eagerly awaited by the people of Gujarat and has evoked an enthusiastic response. Besides, this flight would also be instrumental in attracting people from all over the world to travel to Gujarat and vice-versa,” Chudasama said. AI-171 will operate three days a week on Monday, Wednesday and Friday from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport. It will take off from Ahmedabad at 05:00 hours and reach London at 10:15 hours, from where it will depart at 12:30 hours and arrive at Newark at 15:00 hours. The return flight AI172 will leave Newark at 22:30 hours and reach London at 10:15 hours next day. It will leave London at 12:30 hours and land at Ahmedabad at 02:00 hours, Air India said. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Currency withdrawal: Debit card charges dropped, easy cash access for farmers Delhi: For scientists, leopard spotting brings hope Sexual assault victims not getting money, Delhi High Court told Shillong: Bag with Rs 60 lakh demonetised currency found in RKM compound Delhi: Police bust fake cargo company that stole DU prof’s items                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:28am Thu 24 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Provided by NZX FRE6.67 $ 0.0000% Open 6.67 High 0 Low 0 Bid Price 6.58 Offer Price 6.67 Value 0 Volume 0 Current as of 24/11/16 08:19AM NZST Freightways delivers 'strong result' and $22.5m payout By Fiona Rotherham 5:00 AM Tuesday Aug 16, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Freightways Limited Freightways CEO Dean Bracewell. Photo / Supplied Courier company Freightways delivered a steady if unspectacular full-year result with both increased revenue and profits driven by increased migration and higher consumer demand, and is predicting incremental growth in the year ahead. The Auckland-based company reported a 5.4 per cent revenue increase to $505.4 million for the year ended June 30, while underlying profit, before one-off items, rose 8 per cent to $54.4m. There was a non-recurring charge of $6.3m relating to the further write-down of the carrying value of its four Convair aircraft, which fully retire by the end of this month, and related spare parts. Half the $15m dollar book value of the fleet was written down immediately when the decision was made to switch to leasing and operating three Boeing 737-400s which carry higher volumes. The Convair aircraft, which haven't yet attracted any buyers, are now valued at a total $1m - the value of their spare parts. Freightways chief executive Dean Bracewell said it was a "good, strong result for Freightways once again" with all divisions showing growth. Directors declared a fully-imputed final dividend of 14.5c per share, a 16 per cent increase on the previous corresponding period of 12.5c per share. The dividend is a record payout to shareholders of about $22.5m, and has a record date of September 16 and will be paid out on October 3. Freightways is seen as a bellwether of the economy and has a good track record on forecasting, although the company does not provide a forecast profit range as done by most other listed firms. Bracewell said being an economic forecaster was a mantle he'd "like to side-step" but he was expecting to increase Freightway's year-on-year earnings in 2017 with positive incremental growth, rather than "racing ahead". Continued below. Related Content New Zealand's 'dirty' businesses revealed Positive earnings reports boost index Expansion in services slows Growth this year followed increases from some customers but quieter trading in the larger dairy industry areas of Waikato, Southland and Taranaki, he said. Freightways doesn't report the split in New Zealand and Australian earnings, though Bracewell said revenue was now more heavily weighted to Australia. The express package and business mail division, which operates under a number of brands such as New Zealand Couriers and Post Haste, lifted revenue by 2.9 per cent to $370m but earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation was down 2.6 per cent to $66.5m. The company is spending $11m on a new purpose-built facility - its first fully automated one - in Christchurch to consolidate operations from three separate facilities into one that will have airside access to the Boeing fleet. The company plans to be a fast-follower rather than market leader on both self-driving and electric vehicles. Bracewell said both are inevitable for the industry, as is disruption at some stage from an "Uber-like" challenger. Self-drive vehicles could be used for fixed courier runs and line-haul routes, he said, and Freightways was watching closely what international companies such as FedEx and TNT were doing in this area. Freightways shares dropped 8c yesterday to $6.66. Freightways • year ended June 30 • $505.4m revenue, up 5.4 per cent • $54.4m underlying profit, up 8 per cent • 14.5c final dividend, up 16 per cent - BusinessDesk By Fiona Rotherham Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Desperate bid to stop pet being put down Jerran Puru loves his tan and white pitbull Paco. Despite losing a legal bid to stop… Hawke's Bay Today Sallies help ease festive season burden The festive season is meant to be a time of joy and celebration with family and friends… Bay of Plenty Times More than 90 per cent of Bay burglaries unsolved Less than 10 per cent of burglaries committed in the Bay of Plenty this year have been… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Five crucial tips for selling your car Looking to flog your tired jalopy? This week's Thursday Five has you covered... Viva Fun things to do this weekend It's all about shopping and art events for the last weekend of spring True Commercial Auckland CBD building leased to university A nine level Auckland central city office building, that generates annual rent of over… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 24 Nov 2016 08:28:08 Processing Time: 652ms
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager Yesterday’s Maharajah in ‘Mayday’ mode Ashwini Phadn   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Those were the days (Clockwise from above) A jaunty JRD Tata with Air India crew on an airport apron; an AI jet in flight; cabin crew in ethnic wear in 1971 COURTESY: TATA CENTRAL ARCHIVES REUTERS THE HINDU ARCHIVES The dismal story of how Air India, once the country’s pride, has been virtually grounded by ‘maximum government, minimum governance’ It seems entirely appropriate today — and not in a good way — that Air India’s icon is the Maharajah. That’s because the story of Air India (and, indeed, of Indian aviation) is much like the story of India’s erstwhile princely rulers. Both had their days of glory, but over time, both have been reduced to being mere shadows of their former selves. Indian aviation took off in 1932 when Tata Sons was permitted to operate a mail service linking Karachi, Ahmedabad, Bombay, Bellary and Madras. Sixteen years later, in 1948, a brand new Lockheed Constellation L-749 made its first Mumbai-Geneva-London flight for Air India International — with the legendary JRD Tata at the helm. For many, JRD’s decision to launch the service on this sector seemed unwise. The India-UK route was dominated by established players such as Imperial Airways, KLM and Air France, and many thought it didn’t make commercial sense to take them on. But it was a decision that paved the way for the airline’s success. For JRD, only the best would do. This meant getting the Constellation L-749, which had wowed the world by flying non-stop coast-to-coast in the US.Flying in a high orbit JRD did much to enhance Tata Airlines’ visibility internationally: he opened offices in the best locations abroad; he also invested in getting the best pilots, co-pilots and navigators from India and abroad on board; and in 1948 a person from TWA flew down to Bombay to open an airhostess training academy. Airhostesses on Tata Airlines (and, later, Air India) came to be known not only for their good looks but also for their grace and grooming. There are many who remember a Maureen, an Air India airhostess: she later married industrialist Nusli Wadia… JRD’s commitment continued even after Tata Airlines was nationalised in 1953; at Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru’s request, he stayed on till he was removed in 1978. Establishing Air India’s product differentiation seemed critical in the early years. A former AI staff recalls: “The Rajasthani jharoka (arches) motif made the aircraft seem like a flying palace.” Under JRD, the airline established itself as a keen competitor. In 1970, when Air India inducted the Boeing 707, it became the first Asian airline to have an all-jet fleet. Just as important, the emphasis was on running a commercially viable airline. “Between 1948 and 2001 — that is, in 52 years — the airline turned a profit in all but a handful of years,” recalls someone who was associated with Air India for over three decades and retired in the late 1990s. A former Air India staffer, who served the airline for close to four decades, notes that the initial success owed to JRD’s insistence on acquiring the latest and best equipment.The turbulent phase But then, the airline hit a rough air pocket. The reasons for the descent can be found in a letter that JRD Tata wrote in 1981 to the then Chairman Raghu Raj. JRD, who was then on the Air India board, said: “In the last few months I have made four long-range flights on Swissair, Lufthansa and BA and three on Air India. The point that struck me and worries me most is the continuing fact that, whereas we hardly carry any first class passengers, their first class cabins are full, or nearly full, most of the times, despite the fact that their first class cabins have more seats than ours. I have consistently pointed out the importance of the policy which we have wrongly followed in recent years of concentrating all our sales efforts on excursion and other promotional fares, the yield from which is less than one-fifth of that of first class.” The turn of the century marked an accentuation of the Maharajah’s decline. In 2001, Michael Mascarenhas, the last of the professional Managing Directors of Air India who had risen from the ranks, retired. Since then, this post has been taken over by bureaucrats. “With this, the decision-making process became more extended,” says a former Air India official. Politics increasingly interfered with the management of the airline, and even due processes were caught up in red tape. And it began to tell in everything from acquisitions to service. In December 2005, when Air India signed a deal to acquire 68 Boeing aircraft, it was the first time since the mid-1990s that the airline had gone in for any acquisition. “Once the babus took over, getting the latest and the best aircraft meant the lowest quotation,” says a former Air India staffer who was associated with the airline for four decades. Adds a former employee, “Everything was referred to Delhi, whether it was aircraft investments, route operations or personnel. A Parliamentary Committees would be set up to review Air India’s operations. This meant foreign and domestic junkets for MPs and bureaucrats, as also gifts and entertainment.”Merger gone wrong And then came the merger with Indian Airlines in 2007. The decision to merge the two airlines, ostensibly intended to strengthen them to take on competition, proved an unmitigated disaster. The final straw was perhaps the granting of bilaterals to other countries, especially those from the Gulf region, which increased their flights into and from India manifold. The cumulative result of all this was that Air India started running losses, which it does to this day. It is expected to report a net loss of ₹2,636 crore in fiscal 2015-16, against ₹5,859 crore in the previous fiscal. Worse, it survives solely on government bailouts. In April 2013, the Manmohan Singh government announced a bailout package aimed at pulling the airline out of its financial mess and putting it on the road to profitability. It announced that it would infuse additional funds into the airline to the tune of ₹30,000 crore till 2020, hive off the engineering services and ground-handling business, and go ahead with the induction of 27 new Boeing 787 Dreamliners. The debt-laden carrier has outstanding loans and dues worth ₹67,520 crore, of which ₹21,200 crore is working capital loan, ₹22,000 crore long-term loan on fleet acquisition, ₹4,600 crore vendor dues besides an accumulated loss of ₹20,320 crore. That’s quite a crashlanding for an airline that was once the pride of India. Tomorrow: India Cements (This article was published on August 15, 2016) Related NEWS Domestic air passenger traffic grows 21% in June Air India to expand fleet, induct 100 aircraft on lease TOPICS BusinessLine Special: India at 70 | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Infographic: Tracking demonetisation Diwali pollution in four visualisations Unquiet flows the Cauvery: the tale of how it became a river on the boil Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED The Trump effect Solar to keep the heat on From good to great: 10 shifts that HR needs to make Samsung and Apple: Wait for the 8 Creating rich experiences at the workplace Now trending: States and their social media steps CIAL’s new international terminal to boost Kerala’s tourism sector Which route towards turning ‘smart’? It’s no holds barred in the video chat war Governance @140 characters Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Five things to watch out for today 48 min. ago AAI allows currency exchange counters at Chennai airport 1 hr. 17 min. ago SBI slashes bulk deposit rates by up to 1.9% 1 hr. 30 min. ago Demonetisation: Old Rs 500/1000 notes can be deposited in Post Office savings accounts 1 hr. 35 min. ago On his App, Modi gets near full marks for demonetisation 1 hr. 56 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Specials OFFICE BUZZ She’s more job-ready For long, it’s been a lament of companies that young talent in India is not job-ready, and... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Airlines & Aviation | Banking & Financial Services | Telecommunications Industry | Wireless Communications | Travel Industry | Personnel Announcements Airborne Wireless Network Retains FAA Consultant, C. Neal Monte, As It Prepares For FAA Certification Translations: English SIMI VALLEY, California, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Airborne Wireless Network, a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), is pleased to announce that it has retained C. Neal Monte, as its lead FAA Designated Engineering Representative. As one of the most experienced and well respected experts in the industry, Mr. Monte's background includes work with airframe manufacturers such as Boeing, McDonnel Douglass, and Airbus Industries.   Mr. Monte will be spearheading the FAA certification process for the Company's "Airborne Digital Super Highway." Mr. Monte holds numerous FAA qualifications and during his career has obtained just under 250 supplemental type certificates and parts manufacturing approvals. The Company intends to achieve FAA certification of its Airborne Digital Super Highway system on a non-interfering basis, meaning that system will not interfere with critical onboard aircraft systems. Once successful certification is achieved, that system will be poised to become the world's first civilian "Air to Air High-Speed Broadband Digital Super Highway" utilizing commercial aircraft in flight as its platform.  A major milestone for the Company, the initial FAA certification will allow the Company's Airborne Digital Super Highway system to be placed on commercial aircraft of a type approved on the supplemental type certificate. The Company intends to expand on this initial certification to include approvals for additional aircraft types. This will enable the Company to begin assembling its Airborne Digital Super Highway one aircraft type approval, or supplemental type certificate, at a time. The Company intends to establish relationships with airlines and aircraft operators. With each, a reliable, redundant, more robust communications network will be developed. Using commercial aircraft as signal repeaters, or routers, is the most practical, efficient, and cost effective solution to achieve true high speed connectivity. Current proposals, as well as most in design, are repeats of high cost, inefficient, older technologies such as satellites and ground based infrastructures. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS: This release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements.  Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, availability of capital, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors; the impact of industry regulation; technological advances; new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges in new product development; manufacturing difficulties or delays; dependence on the effectiveness of the company's patents; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. For Further information: Airborne Wireless Network 805-583-4302 Email: info@airbornewirelessnetwork.com www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com SOURCE Airborne Wireless Network RELATED LINKS http://www.airbornewirelessnetwork.com More by this Source Airborne Wireless Network Closes A $1,200,000 Private Placement Transaction 22 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT Airborne Wireless Network schließt Privatplatzierungsgeschäft über 1.200.000 USD ab 22 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT Airborne Wireless Network beruft Earle Olson zum Vice President des Bereichs Industry Relations 02 Nov, 2016, 12:38 GMT View all news by Airborne Wireless Network Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Airlines & Aviation News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Wednesday 23 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Kuwait's Alafco acquires nine aircraft from GE unit KUWAIT, August 15, 2016 Kuwait-based Aviation Lease and Finance Company (Alafco) has acquired nine aircraft from GE Capital Aviation Services (Gecas), the commercial aircraft leasing and financing arm of GE, said a report. The portfolio includes Airbus and Boeing carriers already on long-term lease to well-established airlines in Asia, with three of the airlines joining Alafco as new customers, said a report in Kuwait News Agency (KUNA). Alafco said in a statement that it is keen on serving the needs of its new customers Lion Air, Juneyao Airlines and Citilink, as well as expanding its existing relationship with Nok Air. The acquisition is in line with the group's growth strategy, which includes acquisiton of aircraft with lease attached from other lessors, as well as sale and leaseback transactions with airlines. Additionally, Alafco has contracted with Boeing and Airbus for 117 new technology aircraft to be delivered between 2017 and 2021. Alafco aims to have a fleet of more than 100 aircraft by 2021. Last month, the company announced the upsizing of an order from Airbus of 10 A320neos to A321neos. The contract was signed at Farnborough International Airshow and is part of an overall agreement signed in 2012 for 85 A320neos, the company said in a statement.   Tags: airbus | Kuwait | Boeing | Alafco | aircraft | acquire | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Dubai Parks and Resorts unveils UAE National Day offers Dubai Outlet Mall to host art festival Air Arabia confirms options for five Airbus A320s Motiongate Dubai unveils sneak peak trailer of Step Up Dubai Bab Al Qasr Hotel unveils special F1 offers Kuwait Airways launches direct flights to four destinations Supercasa awards RAK hotel consultancy contract ME hotel revenues down in October, Africa results mixed Lufthansa cancels 900 flights as pilots go on two-day strike InterCon to restart work on 350-room UAE resort Jumeirah Al Naseem to open in December New digital membership card for Qatar Airways' Privilege Club members Sofitel Abu Dhabi Corniche welcomes new chef de cuisine Turkish Airlines adds new on-board entertainment option Labranda Hotels expands its portfolio in Turkey US approves Airbus sale of over 100 jets to Iran Lufthansa cancels 876 flights on Nov 23 Iata appoints new regional VP for Middle East, Africa Wyndham Hotel Group welcomes new MEA regional VP Abu Dhabi Airport welcomes over 20m passengers till Oct RJ honours best-selling travel agents for 2016 Earn Gulf Air Falconflyer miles with Al Salam Bank visa credit cards Slovenia sees rise in ME tourist numbers Dubai Culture, ArtintheCity launch 24th edition of ArtMap Etihad Aviation Group showcases future of air travel Abu Dhabi food festival to serve culinary extravaganza Wataniya Airways inks key deal to boost passenger service system Gulfstream to showcase business jets at MEBAA 2016 RAK to launch adventure tours Turkish Airlines wins new award in advertising Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds

null
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Monday Memo: Public hearing on worker scheduling, 787 delivery, state jobs data Originally published August 14, 2016 at 8:00 pm The Employment Security Department reports July jobs data for Washington and the Seattle area on Wednesday. (Wilfredo Lee/AP) The business week ahead Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times TODAY: The National Association of Home Builders releases its housing-market index for August. TUESDAY: A public hearing on the proposed Seattle “secure scheduling” law, intended to make retail and food workers’ schedules more predictable, will be held at 6 p.m. at City Hall, 600 Fourth Ave. … The Labor Department releases the Consumer Price Index for July. … The Commerce Department reports July housing starts. …The Federal Reserve releases industrial production data for July. WEDNESDAY: All Nippon Airways, the Japanese airline that launched the 787 Dreamliner and operates the largest fleet of the Boeing jet, will take delivery in Everett of its 50th 787. Boeing has delivered nearly 450 Dreamliners in total. … The Washington Employment Security Department reports July employment data for the state and Seattle area. … The Federal Reserve releases minutes from its July interest-rate meeting. THURSDAY: Winding up a week of earnings reports from major U.S. retailers, the biggest of them all — Wal-Mart Stores — reports its quarterly financial results. Most Read Stories UW cornerback Darren Gardenhire announces he's leaving team Thanksgiving, Apple Cup travel alert: ‘Parade of storms’ to bring rain, wind, mountain snow Cops, homelessness and goodbye to Pronto: Seattle’s new budget Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO Quarter-mile walk from light rail to Sea-Tac could get a little cozierUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
' B-52H Drops JASSM’s First Test | IAI Shows Off New Drone-Guard | Britain’s $1B Defense Innovation Initiative Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents B-52H Drops JASSM’s in First Test | IAI Shows Off New Drone-Guard | Britain’s $1B Defense Innovation Initiative Aug 15, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas After a long wait, the KC-46A tanker has been cleared for production. The Milestone C approval was awarded by US Under secretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics, Frank Kendall, following a series of stringent refueling tests of various USAF and Navy aircraft. Contracts are expected to be awarded to Boeing within the next 30 days for the first two low rate initial production lots, totaling 19 aircraft. A B-52H bomber equipped with the new Conventional Rotary Launcher (CRL) has successfully dropped three AGM-158 Joint Attack Surface Standoff Missiles (JASSM) from its internal weapons bay for the first time. While the bomber is capable of carrying 12 of the cruise missiles on its wing pylons, the inclusion of the Conventional Rotary Launcher now enables it to hold a further eight internally, a payload increase of 60%. Next in store for the launcher is more of the same testing but with the inclusion of live weapons followed by final validation of the CLR system’s full capability. The AIM-9X Sidewinder has become the first short range air-to-air missile to be fully integrated on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Testing of the missile so far has lead to a three for three success with a fourth guided test expected by the end of the year alongside final integration work. The F-35 is capable of holding two AIM-9Xs on its wings, and when configured for air superiority missions, can hold four AIM-120s internally. Middle East North Africa Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) has showcased their Drone Guard system to a number of armed forces in order to show its operational capabilities. Designed with the threat of small UAVs carrying explosives in mind, the trails saw the system disrupt a number of different UAVs which can be detected from as far as 3kms. Once identified, Drone Guard can then send the UAV back to its launch point, or hold it in a certain space until its battery or fuel runs out. Europe The US State department has cleared a $231 million munition sale to a number of European NATO members. Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, The Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, and Spain are to receive 2,040 joint direct attack munition (JDAM) guidance kits of various iterations, as well as computer control groups, joint programmable fuzes, and bomb fin assembly and airfoil groups. Also included in the deal would be laser sensors, proximity sensors, avionics kit interfaces, electronic bomb fuzes, repair and return services, transportation, engineering services, and other support services. Saab has received a number of contracts for munition and development work for the Swedish military. A $14.3 million deal has been awarded for the provision of a variety of ammunition for the Carl-Gustaf recoilless rifle, an anti-armor weapon. The company has also been tapped to undertake a $15.29 million project to design, develop and deliver vehicle electronics to Germany’s Krauss-Maffei Wegmann Gmbh for use in Leopard 2 tanks used by Sweden. The British government has launched a $1 billion defense innovation initiative aimed at fast tracking future defense solutions and changing the MoD’s creative culture. Individuals and companies will be able to avail of the fund over the next ten years, and follows the mentioning in the 2015 Strategic Review for the need to include the cutting edge in departmental culture. Technologies believed to benefit from the extra funding include Birmingham University’s sensors that can survey underground tunnels in minutes, and Animal Dynamics’ work on tiny drones inspired by dragonflies. Asia Pacific Taiwan has agreed to part of a US weapons package that will see delivery of 13 sets of Phalanx close-in weapons systems (CIWS) and other equipment set to the tune of $286.6 million. While not due for delivery until at least 2024, the new CIWS systems will add to one MK 15 Block 1B CIWS system found on one of its Kidd-class destroyers and give an uplift in capabilities to the older Phalanx systems currently in use. The deal is part of a wider $1.83 billion defense package that includes two Oliver Hazard Perry-class guided missile frigates, 36 AAV-7 amphibious assault vehicles, and 250 Block I-92F MANPAD Stinger missiles. Today’s Video IAI’s Drone Guard: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Weather: 42° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Gentleman millionaire: Carl Campbell edges toward retirement Harrison not retiring, will remain East Wenatchee police chief With Trump elected, immigrant advocates offer DACA advice | Report and video More Headlines Mountain snow, valley rain, could hamper Thanksgiving travel  Overbay hangs on to become Chelan County commissioner  Peshastin man dies in Oregon traffic accident  News of record  Two injured in van-tractor collision  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Girls bowling preview: Wildcats bubbling with talent, Panthers start new Prep focus: Eastmont girls bowling team thumps visiting Davis Wild look to right the ship with a trio of home games More Headlines Seahawks’ gamble with offensive line seems to have paid off  Oakland makes move to keep Raiders in Bay Area  Notre Dame forced to vacate 2012, 2013 wins  An Apple Cup for the ages — finally  This Sounders season story best told from beginning  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Tracy Warner | Let’s all keep our eyes on the road Wilf Woods | ‘Tis the season for giving Rufus Woods | City seeks nominees for social justice awards More Headlines Safety Valve | Letters from readers  Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Eugene Robinson | Trump seems poised to deepen the muck  Tracy Warner | Free speech is worth keeping  World Editorial Board | The Y is strong  Other Opinion Local Solutions Everett Raymond Green Bobby Dale Scott Marilyn Mayme Pratt More Headlines Nancy C England  Robert J. Abbott  Maria E. Hinojosa  Bill J. Carter  Jerry L. Spence  Meet Wenatchee’s newest theater group: A Q&A with Full Circle Theatre Company Festival of Trees fundraiser returns this weekend Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week More Headlines The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for Nov. 18-24  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  ‘A ski film for the rest of us:” North 40 Productions’ ‘Lifted’ pays homage to Mission Ridge  Check it out: Our art and entertainment picks this week  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies Thanksgiving 101 Traditional sides have a place on the table, too Winemaker’s Journal | It’s time to give Grenache its due More Headlines In the Garden | Why I’m grateful to be a gardener  Dear Abby | The way to make friends is to be a good one yourself  Turning Thanksgiving leftovers into savory pie  Charity dental treatment offered  CASA Christmas Stocking Project underway  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos What's next for NCW immigrants under President Trump? photos Photo Gallery: Wenatchee and Eastmont bowling photos photos Photo Gallery: Eastern Washington Paralympic Experience More Galleries Photo Gallery: Cashmere honors veterans Photo Galley: Election night 2016 Photo Gallery: Cascade beats Lakeside in playoff soccer Photo Gallery: Wenatchee girls beat Moses Lake in soccer Photo Gallery: April Drive House Fire Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemaker's Journal --Time to give Grenache its due Knight men in Pierce tourney this weekend Vicki Olson Carr | Up from the ashes More Headlines Panther bowlers off to 2-0 start, match today with Ellensburg Dave Bartholomew | A three-legged stool Hillary Schwirtlich | Fun with fungi Everyday Business | Famous Footwear to kickoff new store in East Wenatchee Both Knight teams tip-off the 2016-17 basketball season this weekend Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Today Hi46° Mostly Sunny Tonight Lo36° Chance Rain/Snow then Rain/Snow Thanksgiving Day Hi42° Rain/Snow then Rain Likely Thursday Night Lo34° Rain Likely then Chance Rain Friday Hi45° Slight Chance Rain Friday Night Lo34° Chance Rain Saturday Hi42° Rain Likely Saturday Night Lo31° Chance Rain Sunday Hi42° Slight Chance Rain Sunday Night Lo33° Chance Rain More for you:Obituaries Everett Raymond Green  Bobby Dale Scott  Marilyn Mayme Pratt  Nancy C England  Robert J. Abbott  Maria E. Hinojosa  Bill J. Carter  Jerry L. Spence  Funeral Service Directory  Starr (Etoile Hazen) Bitterman  Jane Ellen Lontz Mathison  Lawrence Dale Welsh  Betty D. Caulfield  Funeral Service Directory  Alan Badten  Donna May (Jarvi) Wells Website Staff Aug. 14, 2016, 10:04 a.m. Send to Kindle Buy this photo Photo provided Donna May (Jarvi) Wells Crescent Bar, WA Donna May (Jarvi) Wells, 73, passed away Thursday night, July 21, 2016 at her home at Crescent Bar, Quincy, WA. She was born May 17, 1943 at Red Lodge, MT to Paul and Hulda Jarvi. She grew up in Toledo, OR. After graduation, she went to work in Seattle, WA. She worked 15 years at Hartford Insurance Co. and retired from Boeing after 20 years. She married Robert Kennith Wells on December 28, 1965. They lived in Mountlake Terrace and Brier, until she retired in 2000. They then moved to Crescent Bar, where they spent their summer and travelled south for the winter in their motorhome. Through the years, they enjoyed boating, motorcycyling, snowmobiling and golfing. Donna is survived by her loving husband, Bob/Ken Wells; sisters, Aili Quinn of Southerlin, OR; Paula Martin Haines of Alaska; 9 nieces and nephews; great and great-great nieces and nephews; and many friends. A Celebration of Life will be held at Crescent Bar Activity Center at Crescent Bar North Park, Quincy, WA on August 20, 2016, from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Questions about commenting? See our Disqus commenting FAQ or our full commenting policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments Help A few important points: You must have a Disqus account to comment (your Wenatchee World login and Disqus login are completely separate) You must provide your first and last name Your comment must be civil For more information see our Disqus commenting FAQ or our full commenting policy × Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week NCW Medical Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2016 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 10° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather Home News World Have American scientists developed the most dangerous nuclear weapon ever produced? Have American scientists developed the most dangerous nuclear weapon ever produced? A NUCLEAR smart bomb developed by the US is so accurate presidents might be tempted to use it, experts claim. By SIMON OSBORNE PUBLISHED: 03:13, Mon, Aug 15, 2016 | UPDATED: 07:46, Mon, Aug 15, 2016 REVEALThe B61-12 The B61-12 bomb, described as the most dangerous ever produced, features a tail kit from aircraft manufacturer Boeing which will enable a precision-guided trajectory. It also has a mechanism that enables an adjustment of the explosive force – ranging from a high of 50,000 tons of TNT to a low of 300 tons - and can be delivered by stealth jet bomber. Military experts believe the weapon's accuracy and variable power reduces the risk of collateral damage and potential widespread civilian casualties. Related articles Russia says US is now MORE likely than ever to use a nuclear bomb Solar storm 'almost sparked WORLD WAR THREE and nuclear devastation' GETTYArchive image of a nuclear explosion General James Cartwright, the retired commander of US Strategic Command, told America's PBS News: "If I can drive down the yield, drive down the likelihood of fallout, does that make it more usable in the eyes of a president or national security decision-making process? "The answer is yes, it likely could be more usable." But this has led to a number of former and current senior US defence officials voicing concerns that the precise nature of the weapon could provide a rationale for its future use in conflict. GETTYB2 stealth bomber The US National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) confirmed the development and testing phase of the B61-12 had been completed and the production engineering phase was now under way. Full-scale production is expected by 2020. NNSA Administrator Lieutenant General Frank G. Klotz said: "Reaching this next phase is a major achievement for NNSA and the exceptionally talented scientists and engineers whose work underpins this vital national security mission." GETTYB2 stealth bomber Hiroshima: 71 years after the Atomic Bomb Sat, August 6, 2016 WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT: Hiroshima 6th August 1945. Now 71 Years after the Atomic Bomb, we look back at the devastation and also how Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan look now. Play slideshow EPA 1 of 41 70th anniversary of Hiroshima atomic bombing : Nagasaki Atomic Bomb Museum shows a view of the mushroom cloud photographed from the ground of the 09 August 1945 Despite President Barack Obama's stated intention to scale down the country's nuclear arsenal, the US government has undertaken a massive 30-year, $1trillion project to modernise its atomic stockpiles. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz said: "These life extension programs directly support President Obama's directive to maintain a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent, while reducing the size of the stockpile. "Once completed, the B61-12 LEP will allow for the retirement of the B83-1— the last megaton-class weapon in America's nuclear arsenal while supporting the nation's continued commitment to our national security and that of our allies and partners." Related articles North Korea has been SIMULATING nuclear strikes against US territory Royal Navy struggles to recruit for Trident North Korea is now developing BALLISTIC SUBMARINES to carry nukes Defence Most read in World 1 Madeleine McCann FOUND? English-speaking girl called 'Maria' discovered in Rome 2 Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' 3 Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget 4 PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 5 Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Latest videos AUTUMN STATEMENT ANALYSIS: Hammond went straight on the front foot to defend the economy Rhian Sugden puts on seriously busty display as she poses TOPLESS in skimpy red knickers Gogglebox: Reverend Kate Bottley ‘needing a break’ as she explains disappearance Emmerdale LIVE updates: Will Rhona stand by Pierce when she discovers his tormented past? Man’s bizarre dance routine with a HORSE goes viral online Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Facebook CENSORS? Zuckerberg 'invents CONTENT-BLOCKING' to hide unwanted posts from users EU partners wage war on Merkel's henchman over Germany's stifling economic strategy Mechanic accused of stalking Charlie Hebdo journalist DEMANDS cash payout HEARTBROKEN: Homeless girl people thought was Maddie McCann REFUSES to go home Europe jam-packed with 'ghost migrants' as EU authorities LOSE failed asylum seekers Daily Express Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Facebook CENSORS? Zuckerberg 'invents CONTENT-BLOCKING' to hide unwanted posts from users EU partners wage war on Merkel's henchman over Germany's stifling economic strategy Mechanic accused of stalking Charlie Hebdo journalist DEMANDS cash payout HEARTBROKEN: Homeless girl people thought was Maddie McCann REFUSES to go home Europe jam-packed with 'ghost migrants' as EU authorities LOSE failed asylum seekers Primary school parents fear worker tried to RADICALISE children after he’s linked to ISIS World's most expensive naval destroyer BREAKS DOWN in the Panama Canal Spain ramps up provocation in Gibraltar waters as Rock government calls in bigger warships Illegal migrants evicted from camp set up in CHURCH Furious Italian PM Matteo Renzi goes to WAR with EU and threatens to SCRAP Brussels budget PAYBACK! Christian 'Babylon Brigades' oust ISIS jihadis from monastery in bloody battle 'It is not OK' CNN anchor breaks down in tears after guest uses N-word on her show Hillary Clinton may STILL become President after 'evidence PROVES US election was rigged' Terrified Italian women turn against migrants: 'It is not safe here anymore' Facebook CENSORS? Zuckerberg 'invents CONTENT-BLOCKING' to hide unwanted posts from users EU partners wage war on Merkel's henchman over Germany's stifling economic strategy Mechanic accused of stalking Charlie Hebdo journalist DEMANDS cash payout SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Wednesday, 23rd November 2016 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Politics Royal History Weird Nature Science Obituaries Sunday Scotland Weather UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Golf Cricket Tennis Rugby Union F1 Boxing Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Express Comment Columnists Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Jackpot Millions Life & Style Health Cars Life Garden Food Style Diets Win Tech Property Saturday S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.

null
null
MENU VIDEOS History Talks: George Washington – Warrior, President, Great American History Talks: Revolution – A Risky Business A Brief History of the Battle of Antietam Interview: Author Dorothy Love Video: World War II-Era Cartoon Private Snafu Outwits Booby Traps Video: Gouverneur Morris, Draftsman of the Constitution, on History Talks View all Close GALLERIES The Greatest Airshow on Earth Life on the Yangtze WWI Planes: Crews, Cockpits, Crashes, Contraptions 1965 Voting Rights Act Gallery Portfolio: Gene Basset’s Vietnam Sketchbook Adapting to Chemical Weapons in World War I View all Close SECTIONS Ask Mr. History Interactive Audio Quiz HistoryNet Interviews Personalities Book Reviews Close MAGAZINES American History Magazine America’s Civil War Magazine Civil War Times Magazine Aviation History Magazine Military History Magazine MHQ Magazine Vietnam Magazine Wild West Magazine World War II Magazine Close TOPICS What If… Camp Misery Excavation Riverside resort threatens Harpers Ferry’s viewshed Abraham Lincoln: Tyrant, Hypocrite or Consummate Statesman Uhlinger’s Interesting Pistol USS Monitor: The Crew Took Great Pride in Serving on the Famous Ship Slave to Soldier: Fighting for Freedom Test Vietnam Review The Cadaver Connection Explosion at the Allegheny Arsenal Why the Civil Rights Movement Was an Insurgency Tuskegee Airmen to be in Rose Bowl Parade Book Review: Women Warriors: A History (David E. Jones) : MH The Cornwall of Daphne du Maurier Book Review: All the Daring of the Soldier: Women of the Civil War Armies (by Elizabeth D. Leonard): CWT Nadezhda Durova: Russian Cavalry Maiden in the Napoleonic Wars Did Betsy Ross Ever Own the ‘Betsy Ross House’ in Philadelphia? Book Review: G.I. Nightingales: The Army Nurse Corps in World War II (Barbara Brooks Tomblin) : WW2 DVD Review – Wisconsin Vietnam War Stories Wild Duel: Weasels vs SAMs Over Dong Hoi ‘In Country’ – An Unusual Documentary Looks at Vietnam War Reenactments Reviews – Donut Dolly, An American Red Cross Girl’s War in Vietnam Interview with Steve Maxner: Perserving veterans’ past for the future Vet Spotlight – Michael Cody Andrew Jackson: Lawyer, Judge and Legislator Gouverneur Morris: The Reason We Have A President Barnstorming Aces Satchel Paige and Dizzy Dean Book Review: TALKING WITH ROBERT V. REMINI: AH Multi-Media Review: THE IRISH IN AMERICA: LONG JOURNEY HOME (video) : AH The Adventures of Three Conquistadores and their Moorish Slave in the American Southwest Kevin Red Star – Art of the West Horace Pippin: World War I Veteran and Artist Seth Eastman’s West: October ’96 American History Feature Teri Greeves The art of war Briscoe Western Art Museum – Art of the West Close TODAY IN HISTORY SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK FOR HISTORYNET WHAT IS HISTORYNET.COM? ADVERTISING INQUIRIES HERITAGE TRAVEL DIRECTORY PRIVACY POLICY Close A Brief History of Aviation by JustFly facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print 8/15/2016 • Sponsored Content Throughout history, countless records have demonstrated man’s fascination with flight. While the true origin of this quest to fly has long been lost, the reason behind it is quite obvious. As humans, we are hardwired with the desire to see the world, to visit the great landscapes that we have yet to lay eyes upon. Having the ability to fly allows us to reach these places, and reach them fast. While the first untethered human flight occurred in the late 1700s, ideas and designs for man-carrying flight contraptions can be traced to as far back as 428 BC. Let’s take a quick look at the past achievements that have led to the advanced aviation technologies of today. Archaic origins Stories of people attempting to fly can be found throughout various ancient cultures. In Greek mythology there is the legend of Daedalus and Icarus, the father and son who created wings by combining feathers and wax. The story may have ended in tragedy, but it showed that men have always wanted to fly. Similar stories can be found in India, China and Europe. In 852 AD, Armen Firman of Spain covered his body with feathers and created wing-like garments that he attached to his arms. He then proceeded to jump from a tower. Although his attempt was unsuccessful, the garments slowed his descent, allowing him to survive with only minor injuries. Kites, which had been invented in China sometime in the 5th century, are known as the first aircraft made by man. Man-lifting kites where were also utilized in China and Japan for military and punishment purposes. China is also credited with inventing hot air balloons (3rd century BC) and rotor wings (400 BC). The Renaissance in Europe, from the 14th to 17th century, witnessed a creative explosion in architecture, art, music, politics and science. Famous Renaissance artist and inventor Leonardo da Vinci developed the early drafts for a rational aircraft. Among his inventions were the parachute and the aerial screw. While his ideas were not scientifically sound, they were at least reasonable. The age of modern aviation began during the 1700s, and came to embody to main categories: lighter-than-air aviation and heavier-than-air aviation. Lighter than air aviation This type of aviation mainly involved balloons and airships. On June 4, 1783, brothers Joseph-Michel and Jacques-Étienne Montgolfier exhibited their unmanned hot air balloon, which flew over Annonay, France. By August 27 of the same year, brothers Anne-Jean and Nicolas-Louis Robert, along with Jacques Charles, flew their unmanned hydrogen-filled balloon over Champ de Mars, Paris. On October 19, the Montgolfier brothers sent up a manned flight with a tethered hot air balloon piloted by Giroud de Villette, Jean-Baptiste Réveillon and Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier. Then, on November 21, the brothers launched their first untethered flight with Pilâtre de Rozier and François d’Arlandes onboard. The balloon was lifted by hot air from a wood fire and flew a total of nine kilometers in 25 minutes. Despite having enough fuel to fly for a longer duration, the two aeronauts had to land because the firewood’s embers began to burn the fabric. Hot air balloons suffer from a disadvantage, however: lack of maneuverability. The invention of airships, otherwise known as dirigibles or zeppelins, solved this issue. Dirigibles derive lift from hydrogen or helium gas instead of from heat. These airships were the first to carry passengers over long distances. Perhaps the most famous were the dirigibles manufactured by German airship company Luftschiffbau Zeppelin GmbH. Airships are classified into three categories: Non-rigid – Also known as blimps, they lack a solid wood or metal framework. They basically consist of envelopes filled with gas, with a small gondola attached below. Semi-rigid – An airship with a solid supporting structure that only runs on the bottom part of the ship’s interior. Rigid – These airships have a full internal framework, usually constructed from wood or some type of metal, covered with an envelope. One or more gasbags inside provide lift. The age of lighter-than-air aviation waned with the development of better airplane designs.  On May 6, 1937, the zeppelin Hindenburg burst into flames and crashed to the ground at Lakehurst, N.J., killing 22 crewmen, 13 passengers and a ground worker. The accident would mark the end of the airship era. Heavier than air aviation There had been various contenders for the title of having developed the first true heavier-than-air aircraft, and more than a little controversy surrounding the various claims. On October 9, 1890, French inventor Clément Ader made one of the first powered flights. His “flight” was only 20 centimeters above the ground but covered a total distance of 50 meters, which was quite significant at the time. However, the official and most universally accepted date that kickstarted aviation as we know it today is December 17, 1903. On that day Orville and Wilbur Wright made four flights in their Flyer, the longest of which lasted 59 seconds and covered 852 feet. The Wright brothers’flights combined both power and control, setting a new standard for aviation.   The world’s first scheduled passenger air service began in Florida on January 14, 1914. It operated between St. Petersburg and Tampa. Despite only lasting for four months, the flights helped pave the way for modern-day transcontinental service.   The 1920s and 1930s were a time of explosive growth in civil aviation. Revolutionary aircraft designs such the Douglas DC-3 — a reliable all-metal passenger airplane — helped make air travel more accessible and comfortable for the public. Post-World War II civil aviation By the end of World War II, many towns and cities had built their own airports. Civil aviation experienced rapid growth during this period, as military aircraft were repurposed as airliners or personal planes. In 1944 the Convention on International Civil Aviation, aka the Chicago Convention, was established. The agency’s goal was to standardize the efficiency, safety and consistency of all civil flights. Today that standardization has paid off in safer, more economical airliners operated by the major carriers. Europe-based Airbus, U.S.-based Boeing, Brazil-based Embraer, Russia-based United Aircraft Corporation and Canada-based Bombardier are five of the top aircraft manufacturers today. The era of digital aviation With the emphasis during the modern era on adopting digital or computerized techniques, the aviation industry has really taken off. During the 1970s, computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing (CAD/CAM) software enabled the creation of better aircraft designs. Computer simulations have also led to the discovery of better materials for creating lighter and stronger airplanes.   Digital systems have found their way inside the modern aircraft, rendering most mechanical and analogue instruments obsolete. An example of this is the “glass cockpit” employing LCD screens instead of the mechanical gauges and dials. JustFly! Countless aviation developments are currently ongoing, with the goal of providing a safer, faster and more comfortable air travel to the general public. With the growing number of airlines selling cheaper flight tickets, traveling by air has never been easier or more affordable. If seeing the world is on your bucket list, then you were born in the right generation! With the help of the Internet, booking a flight has never been simpler. Companies like JustFly allow us to buy airline tickets in the comfort of our own homes. If you’re looking for a flight ticket, why not try booking online? Check out these JustFly reviews to give you an idea on how online flight booking benefits travelers. We hope you found this brief history of aviation helpful. What aviation facts and trivia most interest you? Tell us about it in the comments below! Aircraft, Aviation History, Flight Technology, Historic flights, Science & Engineering Related Stories Martyr at the Berlin Wall Across the Hypersonic Divide Richard Ira Bong: American World War II Ace of Aces Well Armed Video: The Gentleman Next Door- The John Wilkinson Story Desmond Doss and the Men Who Refused to Fight Also featuring facebook twitter linkedin pinterest print SUBSCRIPTIONS American History America's Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History MHQ Vietnam Wild West World War II SECTIONS Today in History Daily Quiz Interviews Personalities Reviews Ask Mr. History Videos Galleries TOPICS Civil War Black History Women's History Vietnam War American History Vietnam John F. Kennedy Art Military History Historical Figures ABOUT US Contact Us Write for HistoryNet Work For HistoryNet What is HistoryNet.com? Advertising Inquries Heritage Travel Directory Privacy Policy HistoryNet.com is brought to you by World History Group, the world's largest publisher of history magazines. HistoryNet.com contains daily features, photo galleries and over 5,000 articles originally published in our various magazines. © 2016 HistoryNet
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 290 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest John Giles: What's ahead for Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport offers non-stop flights to 38 cities, has a brewery on the way and more growth in works Post to Facebook John Giles: What's ahead for Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport offers non-stop flights to 38 cities, has a brewery on the way and more growth in works  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2bl41de {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs John Giles: What's ahead for Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport The entrance to Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa is shown. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport is growing at a rapid pace. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in east Mesa is expected to surpass the 1 million-passenger mark for the first time this year. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Double-check your bags at home. On Allegient and Spirit, you'll be charged extra if they're overweight. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers walk through the terminal Sunday, Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers walk through the terminal Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers check flight times at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Looking for a sign? Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport officials say many customers trying to check in go to baggage claim instead of the ticket counters. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Allegiant passengers get assistance at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Allegiant and Frontier are among the airlines that serve Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers wait in line Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Martin Schlichting and Anita Baldwin are helped by agent Sherri Jones as they prepare to fly to Canada on Dec. 3, 2012, at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Passengers wait in line at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. David Kadlubowski/The Republic Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport The entrance to Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport in Mesa is shown. David Kadlubowski/The Republic John Giles, AZ I See It 2:31 p.m. MST August 15, 2016 Airports like Phoenix-Mesa Gateway are critical to the Valley's vitality. (Photo: Tom Tingle/The Republic) About 20 years ago, some colleagues and I had the opportunity to walk around Williams Gateway Airport and the vast amount of land that surrounds it. During the tour, we discussed our shared vision of growth and prosperity for this impressive area, and knew that the airport would be the linchpin behind future development. This summer, as I assumed the role of chairman of the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Authority’s Board of Directors, I became a little nostalgic recalling that tour and our conversations so long ago. Today, Gateway Airport is an important economic engine for the East Valley and the communities surrounding Gateway are strong and vibrant. The authority board itself is the embodiment of regionalism – the idea that borders between our cities and towns are irrelevant and that we all speak with one voice. From Mesa to 38 cities non-stop It’s important to recognize our valued airline partner, Allegiant, and the critical role they play in the airport’s success.  Allegiant’s continued investment in Mesa was recently highlighted with the addition of nonstop service to California wine country via the Charles M. Schulz-Sonoma County Airport.  During the past seven months, Allegiant has also added flights to Memphis, Des Moines, and Fresno, and now flies nonstop to 38 cities. In 2015, passenger activity at Gateway Airport increased by more than 4 percent, and we are on track to surpass those numbers this year. We know the Valley is home to millions of people who have moved here from elsewhere. Our convenient Allegiant service allows residents to visit family and friends in a growing number of mid-sized communities across the West and Midwest - from Cincinnati, Ohio to Minot, N.D. and Bellingham Wash. to Provo, Utah — at far lower fares than other airlines charge. MORE: Gateway Airport 'aggressively pursuing' new airlines, industrial park We also know the Valley is a popular destination spot for sun-seekers, golfers, hikers and others from across the country. These welcome visitors are an important part of the regional economy, creating jobs and spending hundreds of millions of dollars each year on hotels, restaurants, entertainment and shopping. Growth ahead Earlier this year, we invited leading airport developers, operators and investors from around the world to come to Mesa for our enVision Gateway initiative. This two-day event proved to be an excellent opportunity to showcase the airport and the robust East Valley economy.  Everyone in attendance was impressed with Gateway’s facilities and infrastructure and amazed by the area’s vitality. A growing number of globally-known companies such as Apple, Cessna, Embraer, Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Textron now call Mesa home. John Giles is mayor of Mesa.  (Photo: Mesa) In July, our board approved a lease with Kind Hospitality, Inc. to bring the popular Barrio Brewing Company restaurant to our Gateway General Aviation Center located just down the street from our passenger terminal. The board has also approved issuing two requests for qualifications for master development agreements for our 350-acre Gateway Aerospace Park and six-acre Ellsworth Road Retail Area.  These two exciting projects will draw more companies, more jobs and more residents to the East Valley. Airports are more than just transportation facilities. They are magnets and catalysts for manufacturing, commerce, hospitality, education, and much more. We are proud of what our airport has become, and excited by the prospect of an even brighter future. Thank you for your continued support. John Giles is mayor of Mesa and chairs the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Authority Board of Directors. 290 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2bl41de TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Roberts: Finding blessings even in bad times Nov. 23, 2016, 10:46 a.m. Montini: Can ‘Hamilton Electors’ block Trump presidency? Nov. 23, 2016, 6:42 a.m. My Turn: Make a difference this holiday season: Buy local Nov. 22, 2016, 12:25 p.m.

Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NASA Brings Excitement of Aeronautics, Space Exploration to Chicago Air and Water Show News provided by NASA Aug 15, 2016, 13:24 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Aug. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Visitors to this year's annual Chicago Air and Water Show will have a chance to explore the universe with NASA. From Aug. 17-21, the agency will host a range of activities and demonstrations in Chicago in conjunction with the air and water show, which begins Saturday, Aug. 20 at North Shore Avenue Beach. Activities and exhibits include NASA's Journey to Tomorrow and Driven to Explore traveling exhibits, as well as events at the Adler Planetarium and Wrigley Field, home of the Chicago Cubs. Specific activities include: Wednesday, Aug. 17 NASA Astronaut Steve Bowen will be available at 6:30 p.m. CDT for media interviews at Wrigley Field – located at 1060 W. Addison Street -- prior to throwing out the first pitch at 6:50 p.m. Media interested in interviewing Bowen should contact Isidro Reyna at isidro.r.reyna@nasa.gov.   Thursday, Aug. 18 Bowen will deliver presentations at 8:30 and 9:30 p.m. at an Adler After Dark event at the Adler Planetarium -- located at 1300 S. Lake Shore Drive. Aug. 20-21 NASA will host a variety of activities from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Chicago Air and Water Show, including a scavenger hunt for prizes, mini activities and demonstrations, creative displays, selfies with an astronaut, the Journey to Tomorrow traveling exhibit -- where visitors will immerse in a fun-filled interactive experience -- and NASA's Driven to Explore multimedia exhibit, which engages visitors in the story of NASA. Guests will learn why we explore, discover the challenges of human space exploration and how NASA provides critical technological advances to improve life on Earth.   Astronaut Tim Kopra will greet visitors at NASA's Driven to Explore exhibit from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Aug. 20-21. Kopra also will be available at Boeing's hospitality tent for media interviews from 11 a.m. to noon Aug. 20 and 10 to 11 a.m. Aug. 21.  Media interested in interviewing Kopra should contact Agnes Vargas at 321-258-4583. Social Media NASA will use the hashtags #NASAinChi and #ChiAirandWater on social media during these events. Follow NASA's traveling exhibits on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/nasaexhibit For information about NASA and agency programs, visit: http://www.nasa.gov Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20081007/38461LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nasa-brings-excitement-of-aeronautics-space-exploration-to-chicago-air-and-water-show-300313500.html SOURCE NASA Related Links http://www.nasa.gov Aug 15, 2016, 14:11 ET Preview: NASA Brings Excitement of Aeronautics, Space Exploration to Chicago Air and Water Show Aug 11, 2016, 09:37 ET Preview: NASA to Host Media Briefing on Launch of Asteroid-Bound Spacecraft My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 22, 2016, 16:53 ETNASA Selects Launch Services for Global Surface Water Survey... Nov 22, 2016, 14:55 ETReal People Behind Hidden Figures, Stars Join NASA to Mark... Explore More news releases in similar topics Aerospace & Defense You just read: NASA Brings Excitement of Aeronautics, Space Exploration to Chicago Air and Water Show News provided by NASA Aug 15, 2016, 13:24 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Military Armoured Vehicle Market Report 2016-2026 Aug 15, 2016, 09:00 ET from Visiongain Ltd LONDON, August 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Forecasts for Main Battle Tanks (MBT), Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV), Light Protected Vehicles (LPV), Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected (MRAP) Vehicles & Other Armoured Vehicles (AV). Contracts For (ACV, AFV, AMPV, APC, ASLAV, BRV-O, CCV, CRV, DVH, FFV, FICV, GCV, HAPC, HEMITT, HET, HMMWV, ICV, IFV, ILAV, JLTV, LCVS, LPPV, MASV, M-ATV, MLTV, MPC, MSFV, PMV-L, TAPV) Programmes & Technologies Visiongain assesses that spending on armoured vehicles will reach $13.36bn in 2016. It is therefore critical that your strategic planning is timely and your forecasting plans are in place to take advantage of the market. Visiongain's report will ensure that you keep informed and ahead of your competitors. Gain that competitive advantage. The report will answer questions such as: • What are the prospects for the overall Armoured Vehicles industry? • How profitable is the Armoured Vehicles industry? • Who are the key players in the Armoured Vehicles industry? • What are the demand and supply dynamics underpinning the Armoured Vehicles sector? • How consolidated is the sector amongst the Armoured Vehicles industry players? How will you benefit from this report? • This report you will keep your knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind • This report will allow you to reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data • You will learn how to exploit new technological trends • You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market • You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com 5 Reasons why you must order and read this report today:  1) The report provides detailed profiles of 8 leading companies operating within the armoured vehicles market: - AM General - BAE Systems - General Dynamics Corporation - Navistar International Corporation - Oshkosh Corporation - Rheinmetall AG - Textron Inc. - Thales Group 2) The study reveals where and how companies are investing in armoured vehicles. We show you the prospects for the following national markets: - Australia - Canada - China - France - Germany - India - Israel - Italy - Japan - Russia - Saudi Arabia - South Korea - United Kingdom - United States - The Rest of World market includes information about a further 6 national markets. 3) Our overview also forecasts and analyses these armoured vehicle submarkets from 2016-2026 - Main Battle Tanks (MBT) - Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV) - Light Protected Vehicles (LPV) - Other Armoured Vehicles 4) 125 armoured vehicle contracts, programmes are analysed for the following vehicle types in this report - Armoured Combat Vehicle (ACV) - Armoured Fighting Vehicle (AFV) - Armoured Multipurpose Vehicle (AMPV) - Armoured Personnel Carrier (APC) - Australian Light Armoured Vehicle (ASLAV) - Blast Resistant Vehicle-Offroad (BRV-O) - Close Combat Vehicle (CCV) - Combat Reconnaissance Vehicles (CRV) - Double V-Hull (DVH) - Future Fighting Vehicle (FFV) - Future Infantry Combat Vehicles (FICV) - Ground Combat Vehicle (GCV) - Heavy Armoured Personnel Carrier (HAPC) - Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Truck (HEMITT) - Heavy Equipment Transporter (HET) - High-Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV) - Infantry Carrier Vehicle (ICV) - Infantry Fighting Vehicle (IFV) - International Light Armoured Vehicle (ILAV) - Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) - Land Combat Vehicle System (LCVS) - Light Protected Patrol Vehicle (LPPV) - Light Protected Vehicles (LPV) - Main Battle Tanks (MBT) - Medium Armoured Security Vehicles (MASV) - Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV) - MRAP All-Terrain Vehicle (M-ATV) - Modernized Light Tactical Vehicle (MLTV) - Marine Personnel Carrier (MPC) - Mobile Strike Force Vehicle (MSFV) - Protected Mobility Vehicle-Light (PMV-L) - Tactical Armoured Patrol Vehicle (TAPV) 5) SWOT analysis examining the armoured vehicles market  Competitive advantage This independent 242 page report guarantees you will remain better informed than your competitors. With 240 tables and figures examining the Armoured Vehicles market space, the report gives you an immediate, one-stop breakdown of your market. PLUS national market forecasts, as well as analysis, from 2016-2026 keeping your knowledge that one step ahead of your rivals. Who should read this report? • Anyone within the Armoured Vehicles market value chain. • CEO's • COO's • CIO's • Business development managers • Marketing managers • Technologists • Suppliers • Investors • Banks • Government agencies • Contractors Don't miss out This report is essential reading for you or anyone in the Armoured Vehicles sector with an interest in Armoured Vehicles. Purchasing this report today will help you to recognise those important market opportunities and understand the possibilities there. Order Military Armoured Vehicle Market Report 2016-2026: Forecasts for Main Battle Tanks (MBT), Medium Armoured Vehicles (MAV), Light Protected Vehicles (LPV), Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protected (MRAP) Vehicles & Other Armoured Vehicles (AV). Contracts For (ACV, AFV, AMPV, APC, ASLAV, BRV-O, CCV, CRV, DVH, FFV, FICV, GCV, HAPC, HEMITT, HET, HMMWV, ICV, IFV, ILAV, JLTV, LCVS, LPPV, MASV, M-ATV, MLTV, MPC, MSFV, PMV-L, TAPV) Programmes & Technologies report now. We look forward to receiving your order. To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com To request a report overview of this report please emails Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com or call Tel: +44 (0) 20 7336 6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1709/Military-Armoured-Vehicle-Market-Report-2016-2026 Companies Mentioned in this Report  ADS - Gesellschaft für aktive Schutzsysteme GmbH AIM Infrarot-Module GmbH Air Command Systems International SAS Airtanker Holdings Ltd Allison Transmission AM General LLC American Rheinmetall Munitions, Inc. Amper Programas de Electronica Y Comunicaciones SA Artec consortium Aselsan Avco Corporation Aviation Communications & Surveillance Systems AxleTech International LLC BAE Systems (Operations) Limited BAE Systems AB BAE Systems Australia BAE Systems Controls Inc. BAE Systems Flight Training (Australia) Pty Limited BAE Systems Hägglunds BAE Systems Information and Electronic Systems Integration Inc. BAE Systems Information Solutions Inc BAE Systems Land & Armaments LP BAE Systems Oman BAE Systems plc BAE Systems Regional Aircraft (Japan) KK BAE Systems Saudi Arabia BAE Systems Surface Ships Limited BAE Systems Tactical Vehicle Systems LP BAE Systems Zephyr Corporation BAeHAL Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. benntec Systemtechnik GmbH Bharat Blue Diamond Parts LLC Boeing Company Brighton Cromwell LLC Cadillac Gage Textron Inc. Caterpillar Inc. Cessna Aircraft Company Cessna Finance Export Corporation Citylink Telecommunications Holding Ltd Cloudwatt CMI Defence Commercial Armored Vehicles LLC Continental AG Contraves Advanced Devices Sdn. Bhd., Critical Solutions International Cummins Daewoo Heavy Industries and Machinery Ltd. Daimler AG DCNS Denel Munitions Detica Services, Inc Dew Engineering & Development Diehl Aerospace GmbH Diehl BGT Defence Diesel Engineering, Inc Doosan Infracore DRS Technologies Inc. DynCorp International Elbit Systems Elettronica SpA ESG Elektroniksystem- und Logistik GmbH Finmeccanica/Leonardo FNSS Savuma Sistemleri AS General Dynamics European Land Systems General Dynamics Land Systems General Dynamics UK GIWS Gesellschaft für Intelligente Wirksysteme GmbH Greenlee Textron Inc. Heavy Vehicles Factory Avadi Honeywell Hyundai Hyundai Rotem IBIS TEK IC Bus, LLC IGOV Technologies Inc. Industrial Laser Electronics and Engineering (I.L.E.E.), International Industria Automotiva da America do Sul Ltda. International of Mexico Holding Corporation International Truck and Engine Corporation Cayman Islands Holding Company Israel Military Industries (IMI) Iveco Japan Steel Works Junghans Microtec GmbH Kautex Inc. KBR Kharkiv Morozov Machine Design Bureau Kongsberg Krauss-Maffei Wegmann (KMW) Kurganmashzavod JSC Land Services Arabia Ltd. LDT Laser Display Technology GmbH Lockheed Martin Lycoming Engines MBDA Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Navistar Canada, Inc. Navistar Financial Corporation Navistar International Corporation Navistar Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Navistar, Inc. Nexter Nitrochemie AG NORINCO Northrop Grumman Corporation O'Gara Group, Inc. Orbital ATK Otokar Panhard Paramount Group Patria Pitch Technologies AB Plasan Polaris Defense Inc. Poly Group QinetiQ Ltd Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd. Raytheon Renault Trucks Defence Renk AG Rheinmetall AG Rheinmetall Air Defence AG, Rheinmetall Ballistic Protection GmbH Rheinmetall Canada Inc Rheinmetall Chempro GmbH Rheinmetall Defence Electronics GmbH Rheinmetall Defence UK Limited Rheinmetall Denel Munition (Pty) Ltd Rheinmetall Dienstleistungszentrum Altmark GmbH Rheinmetall Eastern Markets GmbH, Rheinmetall Hellas S.A. Rheinmetall Italia S.p.A., Rheinmetall Landsysteme GmbH Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles GmbH Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles Nederland B.V. Rheinmetall Nordic AS Rheinmetall Protection Systems Nederland B.V., Rheinmetall Simulation Australia Pty Ltd Rheinmetall Soldier Electronics GmbH Rheinmetall Technical Publications GmbH, Rheinmetall Waffe Munition Arges GmbH Rheinmetall Waffe Munition GmbH Ricardo Plc Roketsan Rolls-Royce RPL (Electronics) Limited Ruag RWM Italia S.p.A RWM Schweiz AG RWM Zaugg AG Saab Safariland, LLC Sagem SAIC Samsung Techwin Samsung Thales Co. Ltd Singapore Technologies Sofradir SAS Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeug GmbH Tata Motors TDA Armements SAS Telespazio SpA Textron Atlantic LLC Textron Aviation Finance Corporation Textron China Inc. Textron Communications Inc. Textron Far East Pte. Ltd. Textron Fastening Systems Inc. Textron Financial Corporation Textron Fluid and Power Inc. Textron Global Services Inc. Textron International Inc. Textron IPMP Inc. Textron Management Services Inc. Textron Realty Corporation Textron Rhode Island Inc. Textron Systems Canada Inc. Thales Air Defence Ltd Thales Air Systems & Electron Devices GmbH Thales Air Systems SAS Thales Alenia Space Italia SpA Thales Alenia Space SAS Thales Australia Ltd Thales Austria GmbH Thales Avionics Electrical Systems SAS Thales Avionics Inc. Thales Avionics Ltd Thales Avionics SAS Thales Canada Inc. Thales Communications & Security SAS Thales Components Corporation Thales Defense & Security, Inc. (ex Communications Inc.) Thales Electron Devices SAS Thales Electronic Systems GmbH Thales Espana Grp, S.A.U. Thales Group Thales International Saudi Arabia Thales Italia SpA Thales Naval Ltd Thales Nederland B.V. Thales Norway A.Ş. Thales Optronics Ltd Thales Optronique SA Thales Rail Signalling Solutions Ltd Thales Security Solutions & Services Company Thales Services SAS Thales Solutions Asia Pte Ltd Thales Systèmes Aéroportés SAS Thales Training & Simulation Ltd Thales Training & Simulation SA Thales Transport & Security Ltd Thales Transportation Systems GmbH Thales UK Ltd Thales Underwater Systems SAS Thales Underwater Systems SAS Ltd Thales-Raytheon Systems Company LLC Thales-Raytheon Systems Company SAS TRAK International, Inc. Trixell SAS Turbine Engine Components Textron (Newington Operations) Inc. Universal Engineering Uralvagonzavod Uralvagonzavod JSC Vinghøg AS Vingtech Corp. Volkswagen AG Volvo Group AB Westminster Insurance Company To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongainglobal.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Aug 16, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Carbon Dioxide (CO2) Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) Market 2016-2026 Aug 12, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: Probiotics Market Report 2016-2026 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More 09:00 ET Medical Devices Leader Series: Top In Vitro Diagnostics (IVD)... Nov 03, 2016, 11:02 ET Global Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics Market 2016-2026 Nov 02, 2016, 10:47 ET Non-Destructive Testing (Ndt) Market 2016-2026 Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Air wars for aircraft broadband August 15, 2016 There are many competent suppliers of In Flight Entertainment systems for airlines. It is also clear that travellers love the broadband connectivity increasingly on offer from the likes of Gogo, Global Eagle Entertainment or Panasonic Avionics. There’s also US-based ViaSat and its Exede airline connectivity service. ViaSat/Exede, as of June 30th, had 509 aircraft equipped with its technology, and CEO Mark Dankberg, speaking to analysts on August 9th stressed that it isn’t enough for his competitors to promise they can ‘stream Netflix’ to passengers. “The real issue is: What happens when you have hundreds or thousands of airplanes in a small number of beams? People are still a little bit confused and so that’s our current campaign.” ViaSat is currently using its Ka-band satellite capacity, and a second satellite (ViaSat-2) and with double the bandwidth is due for launch early next year. ViaSat is also in advanced talks with Eutelsat about a joint-venture for European Ka-band coverage. It has also just ordered ViaSat-3 with Boeing, for launch in 2020-2021, and has options for a further two satellites. “Each of the other systems has only about five or six beams in total available to serve the entire US market, and each of these five or six beams has a total throughput of between 50 and a few hundred megabits per second when delivered to an aeronautical mobile terminal,” Dankberg said, adding that ViaSat can today deliver 100 Mb/s even in high-demand regions and at each point in the flight. As for the upcoming ViaSat-2 satellite Dankberg says they will be offering the same high-level of connectivity even if 2000 or more aircraft are using bandwidth simultaneously. Indeed, he urged aircraft operators to do their own maths, and calculate themselves how much bandwidth per beam could be available for each of its competitors, and multiply that by the number of beams the service plans to supply in any given market. That way, he said, you will arrive at a “total illuminated gigahertz” available. Then, he said, divide the result by the number of aircraft using that capacity over highly-populated regions such as East Coast of the US. He suggested that some operators would suffer bottlenecks. Related posts: SES puts live TV/broadband onto aircraft SES looks to aircraft entertainment ViaSat promises “unlimited bandwidth” over satellite FCC OKs broadband for airplanes Gogo boosts IFE aircraft conversions You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Spain: 2nd DTT migration compensation call North American SVoD subs to exceed TV homes India: ZEEL to buy Reliance YouView moves UI to the Cloud BBC DG: ‘We can create a Netflix of the spoken word’ Wochit predicts more broadcaster/social media partnerships DVB approves commercial requirements for ABR multicast Sling TV for Comcast’s X1 Mexico launches tender for 148 FTA channels Korea tops ICT development for 2nd straight year Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2016 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Canada’s definitive information source for Engineers, Product Designers & OEMs Design Engineering News Products Features Events More DEX Expo Digital Edition E-newsletter Contacts Advertise E-newsletter Related Topics General Related Industries Aerospace Tagged with Mars NASA space exploration NASA chooses six companies to develop deep space habitat prototypes These partners have approximately 24 months to develop ground prototypes that will be safe for humans to live on a journey to Mars. 0 August 15, 2016 Staff NASA is looking to expand into commercial development of space. The space agency is doing so by partnering with a number of companies and industry experts to design ground prototypes and concepts for deep space habitats. Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. Photo courtesy of NASA. Through partnerships enabled by the Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships-2 (NextSTEP-2) Broad Agency Announcement, Appendix A, NASA and industry partners will develop habitation systems that will be safe for humans to live on a journey to Mars. “NASA is on an ambitious expansion of human spaceflight, including the Journey to Mars, and we’re utilizing the innovation, skill and knowledge of both the government and private sectors,” said Jason Crusan, director of NASA’s Advanced Exploration Systems. “The next human exploration capabilities needed beyond the Space Launch System (SLS) rocket and Orion capsule are deep space, long duration habitation and in-space propulsion. We are now adding focus and specifics on the deep space habitats where humans will live and work independently for months or years at a time, without cargo supply deliveries from Earth.” Six companies were selected to develop these habitat concepts: Bigelow Aerospace of Las Vegas; Boeing of Pasadena, Texas; Lockheed Martin of Denver; Orbital ATK of Dulles, Virginia; Sierra Nevada Corporation’s Space Systems of Louisville, Colorado; and NanoRacks of Webster, Texas. These partners have approximately 24 months to develop ground prototypes for the deep space habitats. The primary purpose of the prototypes will be to support integrated systems testing, human factors and operations testing and to help define overall system functionality. These are important activities as they help define the design standards, common interfaces, and requirements while reducing risks for the final flight systems that will come after this phase. NASA has estimated the combined total of all the contract awards, covering work in 2016 and 2017, will be approximately $65 million, with additional efforts and funding continuing into 2018. Selected partners are required to contribute at least 30 percent of the cost of the overall proposed effort. This round of NextSTEP selections are part of a phased approach that will catalyze commercial investment in low-Earth orbit and lead to an operational deep space habitation capability for missions in the area of space near the moon, which will serve as the proving ground for Mars during the 2020s. www.nasa.gov Share Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Tags Mars NASA space exploration Related NASA Improves Solar Electric Propulsion for Space Exploration NASA fails to inflate new BEAM room at space station NASA to develop revolutionary concept X-planes Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * E-mail * Website Formlabs secures $35 million for 3D printing systems U of T Engineering’s Blue Sky Solar Racing team wins bronze Feature Additive Manufacturing Down to the Metal Survey reveals tepid interest in metal 3D printing by Canadian aerospace industry. → More Features → Digital Edition View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives More REDWIRE Canada’s definitive information source for Mechanical Engineers, Product Designers, and OEMs @design_eng_mag #Volkswagen hangs hopes on new #tech to bounce back from scandal: https://t.co/pjyWNBerW7 Follow @design_eng_mag Services Subscribe to Print Subscribe to E-newsletter Advertise Contacts Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Special Aerospace Services August 15, 2016 07:00 ET Special Aerospace Services Opens Huntsville Office to Support Growing Aerospace Client Base in Alabama HUNTSVILLE, AL--(Marketwired - August 15, 2016) - Special Aerospace Services LLC (SAS), an 8(a) certified woman-owned small business specializing in tactical engineering and precision manufacturing, today held the ribbon cutting for the opening of its new office in Huntsville, Alabama. Headquartered in Boulder, Colorado, SAS will use the new Huntsville facility at 7027 Old Madison Pike to better serve its existing and future clients in the rapidly growing Alabama aerospace and aviation markets. Long-time SAS clients in the area include NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and the U.S. Army's Redstone Arsenal. "Huntsville has emerged as the innovation capital for aviation and aerospace in the Southern United States," said Heather Bulk, SAS President and CEO. "At SAS, we feel privileged to expand our role in such a vibrant high-tech community and plan to leverage the local workforce as we add positions in our Huntsville facility." "We're extremely glad to have SAS in the Huntsville community. Their business is right in line with our aerospace industries and will provide additional opportunities for our highly skilled workforce," said Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle. With more than a decade of experience serving aviation and aerospace clients in the public and private sectors, SAS provides tactical engineering, Spaceflight Safety™, propulsion research and advanced manufacturing solutions. SAS engineers, manufactures and assembles a variety of parts for aircraft and spacecraft including braces, brackets, avionics/control boxes, propulsion components, and pump houses. In addition to Marshall SFC and Redstone Arsenal in Alabama, key SAS aerospace clients nationwide include Boeing, United Launch Alliance, Orbital ATK, Sierra Nevada and DARPA. "We expect the SAS office in Huntsville to grow over the next several years as we hire engineers and project managers," said Bulk. "In addition, we are evaluating the local area as the site of a new manufacturing and assembly plant." SAS is the parent company of SAS Manufacturing, which opened in 2015 to provide rapid prototyping, precision machining, and component assembly/testing, also to the aerospace and aviation industries. Together, SAS and SAS Manufacturing have created a seamless workflow for fast design, engineering and production of unique and short-run parts for aircraft and spacecraft. The new SAS Huntsville office is staffed by Senior Engineer, Robert (Bob) Moore, a Huntsville native. He may be reached at 256-799-0208 or rmoore@specialaerospaceservices.com. About SAS (www.specialaerospaceservices.com) Special Aerospace Services LLC (SAS), an 8(a) certified woman-owned small business, is a tactical engineering and precision manufacturing firm. The SAS team is comprised of experienced and dedicated visionaries, including engineers, scientists and space operation specialists. SAS provides innovative solutions to NASA, Department of Defense and emerging international and domestic commercial spaceflight organizations. Leading experts in propulsion, the SAS team is sought from multiple agencies to provide clients with smart and rapid solutions tailored to their needs. In-house tactical capabilities supported by broad and extensive experience, the SAS team helped clients to win over $4 billion worth of new work. Expertise allows SAS to navigate through competitive environment and rapidly respond to clients' evolving business challenges. With over 20 years of experience working with international partners in the Ukraine, Russian Federation, European Union and India, SAS is poised to face the challenges of an increasingly internationalized aerospace industry. Contact Information Contact: Katya Leevan Marketing and Int'l Relations Email: kleevan@specialaerospaceservices.com Phone: 1-303-447-1777   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
null

Press Esc to close Thursday 24 November 2016 News updated at 12:57 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 31.9°C Min : 16.6°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Police stops JNU students from marching to Parliament      Amartya Sen's 9-year-long association with Nalanda Univ ends      US computer scientists urge Clinton to challenge poll result      5 foreign nationals booked for misbehaving on Air India flight      BCCI never responded to ICC mails on Indo-Pak women's matches      Music lovers bid tearful adieu to Balamuralikrishna      F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim      Demonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to opposition      Zee to acquire TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in radio biz      Indian-American Nikki Haley's steep political rise continues      Rupee tanks to 9-mth low on strong dollar scare, outflows      NIA asks banks to freeze accounts of Naik, IRF      IIT Kharagpur ranked top varsity in India in international survey      India lose 2-3 to Australia in four-nation hockey opener      Jan Dhan account deposits swell, mobilise Rs 21,000 cr      Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners      Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access      RS Dy Chairman pulls up Minister; puts Anand Sharma on the mat      Sebi boosts start-up funding, relaxes rules for angel funds      Pak wooing Indians opposed to Modi's extremist policies: Aziz      Pak says four of its citizens killed in shelling by India      Woman arrested for beating three-year-old son to death      Body of missing IIT aspirant from Bihar found in Kota river      Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore      SC expresses disappointment over Centre not appointing Lokpal      Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support      New vehicles to have digital tag for toll payments      'No state transport service to 257 villages due to bad roads'      I'm no cheat, says du Plessis after tampering row      Trump nominates Indian-American Nikki Haley as US envoy to UN      Twitter boss briefly suspended from his own network      BCCI furious as ICC docks eves for not playing Pakistan      Demonetisation: India moving towards formal economy, says Kant      Unable to withdraw money for exam fees, teen hangs self: Cops      'Hail Trump' chant divisive and contrary to American values:WH      Govt asks NABARD to disburse Rs 21K crore to farmers      'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment'      Protests by united Oppn leads to RS adjournment till 2 PM      Pakistan warns against use of water as an instrument of coercion      No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt      SC refuses to stay demonetisation proceedings in various HCs      Lok Sabha proceedings washed out for 5th day over demonetisation      Goa: Video of assault on local cricketer goes viral, 2 held      L&T lays off 14,000 employees during Apr-Sept      Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling      Civilians flee as Syrian regime advances in rebel held Aleppo      Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000-mark      Trump indicates u-turn on climate change, jailing Clinton     You are here: Home » Business » AI likely to post over Rs 100 cr operating profit in 2015-16 AI likely to post over Rs 100 cr operating profit in 2015-16 New Delhi, Aug 15, 2016, (PTI) As Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of Air India's turnaround in his Independence Day speech today, the state-run airline is expecting to log over Rs 100 crore operating profit in the last fiscal and projecting to cross the Rs 700 crore mark in the current financial year. While the 2015-16 figures are still being audited and finalised, senior officials said, "We are sure to cross Rs 100 crore worth of operating profits in the last fiscal, largely due to low fuel prices as well as improved performance. In the current financial year, we are projecting that this figure will jump to Rs 700-800 crore." In his Independence Day address from the ramparts of Red Fort, the Prime Minister, while speaking on the turnaround of major PSUs, said, "Today I can say with complete satisfaction that Air India, which used to be notoriously known for incurring losses, has improved its operations leading it to log operational profits." The officials, however, said the biggest challenge before the airline was the massive debt burden of Rs 52,000 crore, whose servicing alone is costing the airline around Rs 5,800 per annum. After debt servicing, the cash gap between operating and net profit was estimated around Rs 4,000 crore. The carrier had incurred a loss of Rs 5,859.91 crore in 2014-15. Asked how they planned to bridge this gap, they said, "A proposal could be to convert the debt into equity. It is for the government to take a final call, but we have flagged it." Maintaining that the airline was consolidating and expanding, the officials exuded confidence that Air India would become "very good operationally in the coming months by trying to adopt a more aggressive strategy in the market". This would be achieved through rapid expansion in its international and domestic network, along with a fleet expansion plan over the next 3-4 years, they said. When contacted, Air India CMD Ashwani Lohani said, "We are on the road to recovery. But there is still a long way to go due to the debt burden and other legacy issues." "We want to jump to Rs 700-800 crore worth of operating profits in the current fiscal. But this being a commercial enterprise and given the state of the aviation industry worldwide, this is what we desire. Everyone is putting in their best," Lohani told PTI here. To questions on Air India's network expansion plans, the officials said today the airline launched the Ahmedabad-London -Newark flight, months after the Delhi-Vienna and Delhi-San Francisco services. The airline is planning to double the San Francisco service from 3 to 6 days a week from November one. The plans are to launch a flight to Madrid in January and to Washington or Toronto by April-May next year. The other routes on the anvil are Copenhagen and some destinations in Africa, they said. On the domestic front, the plans are to connect several Tier-II and Tier-III cities, they said, pointing out that "there is a lot of space and we want to take the first mover advantage" to these destinations. Regarding its fleet expansion programme which would be a combination of lease or sale and lease-back, they said while three new ATR turboprop planes have already been inducted to serve the domestic route expansion, "orders for ten more are expected to be placed in the next week to 10 days." Besides, Air India has also placed orders for 30 Airbus A-320s, six Boeing 787 Dreamliners and three Boeing-777s. Over the next four years, "We will either buy or lease a total of 115 aircraft (of different types) and retire 15 old ones. So we will add 100 planes in this period," they said. However on the flip side, the officials also expressed concern over "falling yields" saying this has been a factor affecting all Indian carriers which have seen their yields falling by as high as ten per cent. They also spoke of several marketing tactics adopted in the recent past like matching AC-II tier train to last-minute fares, launching day-return flights and improved in-flight services to enhance its market share. Besides expanding its route network and fleet, Air India has been working on ways to revive its fortunes by reducing expenses in a variety of ways. "I have been repeatedly emphasising on economy, curbing of wasteful expenditure and maintaining immaculate conduct and behaviour," Lohani has said in a series of recent strong directives barring hiring of luxury cabs or high-end hotel rooms abroad or even welcoming himself with bouquets or carrying his briefcases. "All these steps have had a major impact not only on our finances but also on the culture and the value system of the airline," the CMD said.  Go to Top Tweet Videos New Rs. 2,000 notes recovered from gunned... Its Unfortunate that some people are still... TPP is not the end Final days for French graffiti ghost town... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Mamata, Kejriwal attack Modi over demonetisation Long queues outside banks a 'serious issue', says SC I-T raids on Janardhana Reddy's Obulapuram company in Bellary Mamata's show of strength gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Demonetisation: Govt provides relief to farmers, families celebrating weddings 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Oppn seeks demonetisation debate in LS under voting rule Demonetisation nightmare Financial Inclusion: Threats dwarf opportunities Pitfalls of a secretive economic manoeuvre Heart diseases & healthy habits Mobile skilling centres: India's way to prosperity Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners This woman aims to clean up tanks Demonetisation nightmare Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Chris Martin steals the show by singing 'Vande Mataram' Will Modi's gamble win votes? Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Photo Gallery Fire fighters trying to douse a fire which broke out in a four storey building at Sadar Bazar market A massive fire broke out at an oil pump at Dhanamanjuri College campus Imphal ... An injured elephant and its calf after they accidentally fell into a pit... Women carrying weed on their heads during a foggy day in Srinagar... A view of sunset in Shimla ... Rahul Gandhi with MP's of Opposition parties during a protest outside Parliament... Security personnel showing the arms ammunition recovered from Maoists after an encounter ... A security jawan stands guard during a foggy day in Srinagar... Rescue operation in progress after a truck fell down in River Ganga from a bridge.... A former rowing his boat loaded with radish at interior Dal Lake during a foggy day... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
HomeArchivesVideoCartoonsAboutSearchLoginRules/FAQContactDonationsMerchandise Home Archives Video Cartoons About Search Login More Rules/FAQ Contact Donations Merchandise Archives Home → Articles Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email August 15, 2016 One ‘Conspiracy Theory’ Trump Needs to Push By Jack Cashill Playing a coveted role in the most one-sided assault in the history of political journalism, NBC News ran an article last week that managed -- in the headline -- to insult both the candidate and his base, “Trump's Conspiracy Theories Aren't Far Outside GOP Mainstream". Today, if a politically troublesome issue arises, the media feel no pressure to investigate. Confident their peers will slack off as well, they tend to dismiss the issue as a “conspiracy theory” and deride those who raise it as gullible, paranoid, and probably racist. Donald Trump has raised any number of such issues, and the media have reflexively attacked him for raising them. His focus has been on Barack Obama’s quasi-fictional past. A more profitable focus, however, would be on Hillary Clinton’s future fitness to be president. I refer specifically here to her role in the corruption of the TWA 800 investigation. When my book, TWA 800: The Crash, the Cover-Up, The Conspiracy, was published last month, I hoped the twentieth anniversary of the disaster might prompt at least some media interest. I was kidding myself. The collective urge to stop Trump and elect Hillary has silenced the major media. Trump will have to ask his own questions. From her logs, we know that Hillary and President Bill Clinton returned to the White House at 8:35 p.m. on the night of July 17, 1996. Former Chief of Staff Leon Panetta tells us he called the president at 9 p.m. with the news that TWA Flight 800 blew up off the coast of Long Island. My source at the White House has confirmed that the Clintons and their consigliere, Deputy National Security Adviser Sandy Berger, holed up in the family residence throughout the night. Berger was the Clintons’ political guy. His boss, Tony Lake, left the room whenever politics surfaced. That night, with re-election looming, all decisions were political, and no one can doubt Hillary’s active role in the conversation. By 3 a.m. the Clintons had settled on a strategy. At that fabled hour -- the one Hillary would mythologize in her run against Barack Obama -- Bill called Lake with the following message: “Dust off the contingency plans.” For the time being, the president would quietly blame terrorists for the presumed missile attack. That night, the Department of Justice had the FBI take the investigation over from the National Transportation Safety Board, the NTSB. Although illegal, this move was made publicly. Less public was the intervention of the CIA. As a treasure trove of recently unearthed CIA documents confirm, “The DI (Directorate of Intelligence) became involved in the ‘missile theory’ the day after the crash occurred.” When he testified before the 9/11 Commission in March 2004, Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet blamed 9/11 on “a wall that was in place between the criminal side and the intelligence side.” He noted, “What’s in a criminal case doesn’t cross over that line. Ironclad regulations.” Tenet oversaw the collaboration between the FBI and CIA during the TWA 800 investigation in 1996-97. The “wall” memo was written in 1995. On this point, Trump could start by asking some tough questions the media will not ask. Why did Tenet ignore the wall? Why did the CIA involve itself in a domestic air crash? Why were its analysts talking about missiles on day one? As the documents make clear, the CIA’s role was to make all talk of missiles go away. This strategy was evident as early as July 30, 1996. In an internal memo, teasingly headlined “Hold the Press,” a CIA analyst warned his superiors of an impending FBI report on a likely missile strike. After interviewing 144 witnesses, the members of the FBI team concluded there was a “high probability” that a surface-to-air missile destroyed the 747. The evidence was “overwhelming.” The witnesses were “excellent” and their testimony “too consistent” for the cause to be anything other than a missile. The unnamed CIA analyst boasted of how he discouraged the FBI team from publishing its report despite having “only minor corrections left to make.” The CIA got its way. By August 17, the FBI was telling the New York Times there were “fewer than a dozen” credible witness accounts. The one eyewitness the FBI allowed the Times to interview caught a “white flash” out of the corner of his eye, suggesting a bomb. According to the Times, his account “substantially weakened support for the idea that a missile downed the plane.” Trump might ask the FBI what happened to the 144 “excellent” witnesses to a missile strike. He might also ask the Times editors how many of those 144 witnesses their reporters interviewed. I will save him the trouble. The answer is none. In March 1997, Tenet sent FBI director Louis Freeh a letter assuring him that “what these eyewitnesses saw was the crippled aircraft after the first explosion had already taken place.” The CIA analysts argued that the 747 zoomed upwards nearly a mile after a spontaneous fuel tank explosion blew the nose off the plane, confusing the witnesses into thinking they saw a missile. For all the FBI’s bluster and the NTSB’s statutory authority, the CIA gave the impression of being the agency in charge. In November 1997, the FBI concluded its criminal probe by showing a CIA-produced animation of the noseless plane ascending like a rocket. Every aviator with whom I have spoken thought the “cartoon” to be ludicrous. In a memo from March 24, 1999, the CIA very quietly owned up to the con. The “maximum CIA calculated altitude in the final study was about 14,500 feet,” wrote the analyst -- or about 3,000 feet lower than shown in the animation. Industry professionals were even more appalled by the eventual NTSB conclusion that a spark of unknown origin ignited the vapors in the center fuel tank. Said one 747 pilot, “It cannot happen. It is impossible. There is nothing else to be said.” Added a certified aircraft maintenance technician, “If it were a spark that really caused the accident and knowing the FAA, all 747s would have immediately been grounded, including Air Force One.” The FAA grounded not a single plane. Although the media have been mute, members of the aviation community and the military have been speaking out. In the month or so since the book’s debut, I have heard from roughly a hundred of them, all in the affirmative. These include an air traffic controller who reviewed the TWA 800 radar tape, a Raytheon rep who worked with the FBI missile team, an FAA tech who reviewed the eyewitness summaries before the CIA did, a Naval officer involved in an accidental 1992 missile attack against a Turkish ship, the executive officer of the Navy Missile Technical Center, an ALPA air safety chairman thrown off the investigation for being too inquisitive, Boeing engineers, FBI agents, pilots from every major airline, sailors of all ranks, and an ordinance expert who “shot at more aircraft than any other person alive” test firing missiles at the Navy’s China Lake Air Weapons Station. In person, I have talked to scores of retired TWA personnel. I have not met a one who buys the government explanation. In fact, the TWA Museum in Kansas City made me an honorary member, and I will speak there next month. This is the rare “conspiracy theory” to which virtually every professional in the industry subscribes. At this stage, Trump has little to lose by raising this issue. If I were he, I would start by ask Hillary about her handpicked deputy attorney general, Jamie Gorelick. “The single greatest structural cause for Sept. 11 was the wall,” Attorney General John Ashcroft testified before the 9/11 commission in April 2004. “Full disclosure,” Ashcroft continued, “compels me to inform you that its author is a member of the commission.” That author, of course, was Gorelick, the same official who managed the collaboration between the FBI and the CIA on the TWA 800 investigation. In between her stint as deputy AG and 9/11 commissioner, the Clintons rewarded her with a $25 million gig at Fannie Mae. If exposed, the TWA 800 coverup is a scandal that could dwarf Watergate. It will not be exposed, however, unless someone powerful asks questions before November. If Donald Trump does not ask them, no one will. He might save that best question for last, “Mrs. Clinton, what do you know about TWA 800 and when did you know it?” Anyone with inside information, please contact me through my website, Cashill.com. Playing a coveted role in the most one-sided assault in the history of political journalism, NBC News ran an article last week that managed -- in the headline -- to insult both the candidate and his base, “Trump's Conspiracy Theories Aren't Far Outside GOP Mainstream". Today, if a politically troublesome issue arises, the media feel no pressure to investigate. Confident their peers will slack off as well, they tend to dismiss the issue as a “conspiracy theory” and deride those who raise it as gullible, paranoid, and probably racist. Donald Trump has raised any number of such issues, and the media have reflexively attacked him for raising them. His focus has been on Barack Obama’s quasi-fictional past. A more profitable focus, however, would be on Hillary Clinton’s future fitness to be president. I refer specifically here to her role in the corruption of the TWA 800 investigation. When my book, TWA 800: The Crash, the Cover-Up, The Conspiracy, was published last month, I hoped the twentieth anniversary of the disaster might prompt at least some media interest. I was kidding myself. The collective urge to stop Trump and elect Hillary has silenced the major media. Trump will have to ask his own questions. From her logs, we know that Hillary and President Bill Clinton returned to the White House at 8:35 p.m. on the night of July 17, 1996. Former Chief of Staff Leon Panetta tells us he called the president at 9 p.m. with the news that TWA Flight 800 blew up off the coast of Long Island. My source at the White House has confirmed that the Clintons and their consigliere, Deputy National Security Adviser Sandy Berger, holed up in the family residence throughout the night. Berger was the Clintons’ political guy. His boss, Tony Lake, left the room whenever politics surfaced. That night, with re-election looming, all decisions were political, and no one can doubt Hillary’s active role in the conversation. By 3 a.m. the Clintons had settled on a strategy. At that fabled hour -- the one Hillary would mythologize in her run against Barack Obama -- Bill called Lake with the following message: “Dust off the contingency plans.” For the time being, the president would quietly blame terrorists for the presumed missile attack. That night, the Department of Justice had the FBI take the investigation over from the National Transportation Safety Board, the NTSB. Although illegal, this move was made publicly. Less public was the intervention of the CIA. As a treasure trove of recently unearthed CIA documents confirm, “The DI (Directorate of Intelligence) became involved in the ‘missile theory’ the day after the crash occurred.” When he testified before the 9/11 Commission in March 2004, Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet blamed 9/11 on “a wall that was in place between the criminal side and the intelligence side.” He noted, “What’s in a criminal case doesn’t cross over that line. Ironclad regulations.” Tenet oversaw the collaboration between the FBI and CIA during the TWA 800 investigation in 1996-97. The “wall” memo was written in 1995. On this point, Trump could start by asking some tough questions the media will not ask. Why did Tenet ignore the wall? Why did the CIA involve itself in a domestic air crash? Why were its analysts talking about missiles on day one? As the documents make clear, the CIA’s role was to make all talk of missiles go away. This strategy was evident as early as July 30, 1996. In an internal memo, teasingly headlined “Hold the Press,” a CIA analyst warned his superiors of an impending FBI report on a likely missile strike. After interviewing 144 witnesses, the members of the FBI team concluded there was a “high probability” that a surface-to-air missile destroyed the 747. The evidence was “overwhelming.” The witnesses were “excellent” and their testimony “too consistent” for the cause to be anything other than a missile. The unnamed CIA analyst boasted of how he discouraged the FBI team from publishing its report despite having “only minor corrections left to make.” The CIA got its way. By August 17, the FBI was telling the New York Times there were “fewer than a dozen” credible witness accounts. The one eyewitness the FBI allowed the Times to interview caught a “white flash” out of the corner of his eye, suggesting a bomb. According to the Times, his account “substantially weakened support for the idea that a missile downed the plane.” Trump might ask the FBI what happened to the 144 “excellent” witnesses to a missile strike. He might also ask the Times editors how many of those 144 witnesses their reporters interviewed. I will save him the trouble. The answer is none. In March 1997, Tenet sent FBI director Louis Freeh a letter assuring him that “what these eyewitnesses saw was the crippled aircraft after the first explosion had already taken place.” The CIA analysts argued that the 747 zoomed upwards nearly a mile after a spontaneous fuel tank explosion blew the nose off the plane, confusing the witnesses into thinking they saw a missile. For all the FBI’s bluster and the NTSB’s statutory authority, the CIA gave the impression of being the agency in charge. In November 1997, the FBI concluded its criminal probe by showing a CIA-produced animation of the noseless plane ascending like a rocket. Every aviator with whom I have spoken thought the “cartoon” to be ludicrous. In a memo from March 24, 1999, the CIA very quietly owned up to the con. The “maximum CIA calculated altitude in the final study was about 14,500 feet,” wrote the analyst -- or about 3,000 feet lower than shown in the animation. Industry professionals were even more appalled by the eventual NTSB conclusion that a spark of unknown origin ignited the vapors in the center fuel tank. Said one 747 pilot, “It cannot happen. It is impossible. There is nothing else to be said.” Added a certified aircraft maintenance technician, “If it were a spark that really caused the accident and knowing the FAA, all 747s would have immediately been grounded, including Air Force One.” The FAA grounded not a single plane. Although the media have been mute, members of the aviation community and the military have been speaking out. In the month or so since the book’s debut, I have heard from roughly a hundred of them, all in the affirmative. These include an air traffic controller who reviewed the TWA 800 radar tape, a Raytheon rep who worked with the FBI missile team, an FAA tech who reviewed the eyewitness summaries before the CIA did, a Naval officer involved in an accidental 1992 missile attack against a Turkish ship, the executive officer of the Navy Missile Technical Center, an ALPA air safety chairman thrown off the investigation for being too inquisitive, Boeing engineers, FBI agents, pilots from every major airline, sailors of all ranks, and an ordinance expert who “shot at more aircraft than any other person alive” test firing missiles at the Navy’s China Lake Air Weapons Station. In person, I have talked to scores of retired TWA personnel. I have not met a one who buys the government explanation. In fact, the TWA Museum in Kansas City made me an honorary member, and I will speak there next month. This is the rare “conspiracy theory” to which virtually every professional in the industry subscribes. At this stage, Trump has little to lose by raising this issue. If I were he, I would start by ask Hillary about her handpicked deputy attorney general, Jamie Gorelick. “The single greatest structural cause for Sept. 11 was the wall,” Attorney General John Ashcroft testified before the 9/11 commission in April 2004. “Full disclosure,” Ashcroft continued, “compels me to inform you that its author is a member of the commission.” That author, of course, was Gorelick, the same official who managed the collaboration between the FBI and the CIA on the TWA 800 investigation. In between her stint as deputy AG and 9/11 commissioner, the Clintons rewarded her with a $25 million gig at Fannie Mae. If exposed, the TWA 800 coverup is a scandal that could dwarf Watergate. It will not be exposed, however, unless someone powerful asks questions before November. If Donald Trump does not ask them, no one will. He might save that best question for last, “Mrs. Clinton, what do you know about TWA 800 and when did you know it?” Anyone with inside information, please contact me through my website, Cashill.com. Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email FOLLOW US ON About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | RSS Syndication © American Thinker 2016
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: August 15th, 2016 >> Story Satnews Daily August 15th, 2016 Dual Intelsat Satellites Can Count On Arianespace Steadfastness For Upcoming Spatial Traverse August 24th is the next launch date for Arianespace as the company continues the prep work for both Intelsat 33e and Intelsat 36 at the Spaceport in French Guiana. The parallel preparations for Intelsat 33e and Intelsat 36 are highlighted above. In the photos at left and center, the protective payload fairing is positioned and then lowered over Intelsat 33e inside the Spaceport’s Final Assembly Building – creating the upper portion of Ariane 5’s dual-passenger configuration; while at right, Intelsat 36 arrives at the same building for its integration on the launch vehicle’s core section. Photos are courtesy of Arianespace. The upper portion of Ariane 5's dual-passenger configuration is now complete, with the Intelsat 33e satellite and SYLDA dispenser system encapsulated inside their protective payload fairing in preparation for liftoff. This activity took place in the Spaceport's Final Assembly Building for Ariane 5, adjacent to where the heavy-lift launcher is waiting to receive both Intelsat 33e and the mission's other passenger, Intelsat 36, which has already been transferred into the same building from the S5 payload preparation facility. The integration process' next step will occur when Intelsat 36 is positioned on the launcher's core section, allowing the configuration to be completed with installation of the Intelsat 33e/SYLDA/fairing combination atop it. During the August 24 flight sequence, the payload fairing will be jettisoned first at approximately three minutes into the mission, followed by deployment of Intelsat 33e at the 28-minute mark. The SYLDA dispenser is to then be released, allowing Intelsat 36's subsequent separation to complete the mission 41 minutes after liftoff. Artistic rendition of the Intelsat 33e satellite. Arianespace's upcoming Ariane 5 flight, designated VA232 in the company's launcher family numbering system, is scheduled during a launch window that opens at 6:55 p.m. and continues through 7:40 p.m., local time in French Guiana. Intelsat 33e, produced by Boeing Space Systems, is the second Intelsat EpicNG-series spacecraft - following the first, Intelsat 29e, successfully orbited on an Ariane 5 mission performed in January. The satellite has a liftoff mass estimated at 6,575 kg. and will operate from an orbital position of 60 deg. East after launch. The Intelsat 36 passenger, which was built by SSL (Space Systems Loral), has an estimated liftoff mass of 3,250 kg. After reaching its target orbit, the satellite will enhance Intelsat's premier direct-to-home neighborhood in Africa from a 68.5 deg. East orbital slot. www.arianespace.com Topical Tags :  Events    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider          Regional Tags :  Europe    South/Central America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News SWOT's Up With NASA & SpaceX? PISAT-2 Smallsat Coming To Fruition China's Long March-3C Exerts Its Influence On Tianlian 1-04 Satellite SSL-Built EchoStar XXI Satellite Reaches Baikonur For Launch Blue Canyon Technologies Is Cool As A Cube As They Launch RAVAN The First 3U CubeSat Into LEO More News Alive, Alive Oh! A Satellite Seemingly Lost In 1967 Comes Online Into The Light, Again Russia's Soyuz-2LK Ready To Rock 'n' Roll In 2020... If They Can Get A Bank Roll On The Cairo ICT Show Floor — Arabsat Satellites In The Spotlight The Arrival Of Aura FSS Headwinds Examined By Euroconsult Revenues, Trends, Opportunities & Business Prospects In The Military Satellites Market Airbus Defense and Space's SpaceDataHighway is Open for Traffic...Way Faster Than The Autobahn  GVF's Middle East Meetings' Momentum Continues With Presentation Of New Programs  Advantech Wireless' Transcend™ 800 Microwave Systems Totally Transcend Other Similar Products Last Week's Top Stories ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  Four Thousand, Four Hundred and Twenty-Five SpaceX Satellites Spaceflight's  BlackSky Pathfinder-1 Satellite Has Its First 'Show And Tell' Photos Harris ABI Aboard GOES-R ESA's Whopper Of A Request... $12.2 Billion Tyvak Enables Ride Share Of NRO CubeSat Mission Aboard Non-Governmental Launch German Spy Agency BND To Get Its Own Satellite... Less Dependence On US Secret Services The Early Birds Obtain The Discount — SmallSat Symposium 2017, Silicon Valley Combining Forces For Smallsat Strategies Aerojet Rocketdyne's Roaring Rocket Sends Skyward ULA's Atlas V And WorldView-4 News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events 2nd Global Satshow CASBAA Spotlight Series: Emerging Southeast Asian Markets GVF High Throughput Satellites London Roundtable Communicast 2016 Myanmar DSI's 3rd Space Resiliency Summit SIA DoD Commercial SATCOM Workshop CES - Consumer Electronics Show
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 23, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Facebook in cross hairs as fake news battle heats up Saudi comedian Nasser Al-Qasabi quits ‘Arabs Got Talent’ Bieber plays soccer with Neymar at Barcelona’s training camp Bollywood modernizing feelings on intimacy, says ‘Befikre’ actress Mos Def to avoid S.Africa trial over ‘world passport’ AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Saudi Arabia Jet Airways Independence Day celebration offers Saudi Arabia Jet Airways Independence Day celebration offers Aug 15, 2016 904 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter DAMMAM — India’s premier international airline, Jet Airways, has announced that as part of its Independence Day celebration this year, it is offering special offers for their guests booking tickets on Jet Airways network. In this offer the guests can avail of a 30 percent discount on base fares, while booking their tickets. The promotional fares will be applicable on tickets booked between Aug. 10 to 13 (Aug. 12-15) and for travel starting Aug. 10 onwards. As part of celebration the airline is also offering a chance to one guest per day per country to win “Free Lucky Ticket” where he/she would have to pay taxes only. Free ticket will have to be booked by Sept. 30. Guests from Gulf, will be able to book their tickets during the four-day sale for travel on the airline’s domestic network in India and beyond to destinations in ASEAN and SAARC countries. The promotional fare will be only applicable to guests travelling on Jet Airways’ direct flights. Tickets may be booked online on HYPERLINK “http://jetairways.com/” \t “_blank” jetairways.com to avail of these attractive Independence Day fares. Shakir Kantawala, vice president – Gulf, Middle East & North Africa, Jet Airways, said, “Jet Airways takes great pride in serving its guests traveling across their network. To celebrate India’s Independence Day, Jet Airways is offering an excellent opportunity to guests from Gulf, to visit the country and explore its varied cultures and discover new and popular destinations beyond India. Jet Airways has always endeavored to create memorable experiences for its guests and will endeavor to do so in future.” Jet Airways strives to be one of the most preferred airlines for travelers from India and beyond, and offers its guests exceptional in-flight service, flexible schedules and enhanced connectivity at attractive and affordable fares and greater choice of delectable international and regional cuisine. Jet Airways is India’s premier international airline operating flights to 68 destinations, including India and across the world. Jet Airways’ robust domestic network in India spans the length and breadth of the country covering metro cities, state capitals and emerging destinations. Beyond India, Jet Airways operates flights to key international destinations in South East Asia, South Asia, Middle East, Europe and North America. The Jet Airways Group currently operates a fleet of 116 aircraft, comprising Boeing 777-300 ERs, Airbus A330-200/300, Next Generation Boeing 737s and ATR 72-500/600s. With an average age of 7.07 years, this is one of the youngest fleets in the region. JetPrivilege, the airline’s award-winning loyalty and rewards program offers exclusive privileges to members when they travel Jet Airways and any of its partner airlines and on transacting with any of the 150+ program partners. Jet Airways, together with airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Etihad Airways, Etihad Regional operated by Darwin Airline, and NIKI, participates in Etihad Airways Partners. Etihad Airways is part of the Etihad Aviation Group, which also holds minority investments in each of these airlines. SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS Discount India India Independence Day Jet Airways Independence Day celebration offers SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleISRO dreams big, delivers big! Next articleConsul General’s Message — It’s our endeavor to provide expeditious services Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR India recalls fit-again Kumar Cook ready for India spin Test TNIF conducts seminar on uniform civil code NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,491,680FansLike 41,180FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King’s Shoura address to shed light on domestic, foreign policies Nov 23, 2016 Kingdom to have two industrial mining cities Nov 23, 2016 ‘SR2,000 visa fee won’t affect most Indian pilgrims’ Nov 23, 2016 More Rohingyas flee to Bangladesh as violence spreads in Myanmar Nov 23, 2016 National program to optimize water, energy consumption Nov 23, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI

Home Contact Get in Touch Subscribe Alpha Digest (free) Knowledge Base (subscription) Research Dossiers CAIA Association Events Alpha Search Crunch Time for the Harvard Endowment Endowments & Foundations, Institutional Asset Management, Institutional Investing, Newly Added, Personalities in AI 14 Aug 2016 By Charles Skorina The hunt is underway for a new CEO at the Harvard Management Company.  And chairman Paul Finnegan and his board intend to get it right this time. Counting interims, they’ve now had six CEOs at their shop since Jack Meyer departed in 2005, and mostly mediocre returns to show for it. After Mr. Meyer’s departure it took a one-year search to land Mohamed El-Erian, who then lasted less than two years before he moved to PIMCO.  Now, Stephen Blyth has departed after just 18 months on the job. It looks like this search will be briefer.  Some sources say they may have someone aboard by September.  But, in any case the board needs to set a new course with a new leader. Last month, before Mr. Blyth’s resignation was announced, we looked at Harvard’s performance (especially versus Yale), and suggested that it might be time for HMC to undertake a major re-think of its business.  Maybe their vaunted “hybrid model” is no longer viable. We did not expect to be revisiting the subject so soon, but events have overtaken us.  So here we are again. What’s on the board’s mind? Mr. Finnegan, who became HMC chairman late last year, is a private equity investor and we note that Harvard also announced — in an unusual year-ahead notice in May — that David Rubenstein of PE giant Carlyle Group would be joining the Harvard Corporation board in 2017. Add to this a statement from Mr. Finnegan on July 27 that HMC going forward would lean more on outside money managers “who have the resources, skill and experience.” Taken all together, this portends a shift — or at least a tilt — from HMC’s “hybrid” structure to something closer to the Yale “purebred” model.  And Yale, incidentally, has been cleaning Harvard’s clock in private equity for years. If internal management of public-market assets, which was Mr. Blyth’s forte, is to be de-emphasized, then it would make sense to look at successful big-endowment CIOs who are already executing such a mostly-outsourced and alternatives-heavy model. Harvard can afford to pay much more than the big public universities, and could make an attractive offer to other major private-school CIOs.  Even a well-entrenched, mid-career CIO might be tempted by that kind of paycheck, plus a historic chance to rebuild the world’s biggest endowment with the full backing of its board. A few obvious (and not so obvious) possibilities: Our first call would be to Seth Alexander at MIT, a short cab ride from HMC’s digs in Boston. If you want to go Yale-ish, why not go full-tilt Yale, with a Swensen-trained endowment investor?  That’s what Stanford recently did with their hire of Robert Wallace last Spring, and they made no bones about it. Mr. Alexander has a stellar resume, outstanding track record, and miles of career-highway ahead. MIT has the 6th-largest U.S. endowment, with $13.5 billion AUM and boasts an amazing 10.5 percent annualized return over 10 years.  And we dubbed him endowment CIO of the decade last year, which should clinch it. As I told Beth Healey at the Boston Globe, the HMC board really ought to go en masse over to Seth Alexander’s office at MIT and make him an offer he can’t refuse.  That probably won’t happen but a recruiter who didn’t ask Seth point-blank what his number is wouldn’t be doing his job. On the other hand, if the board is leaning toward a Wall Street asset manager, our template for the candidate and first call would be to the formidable Mary Callahan Erdoes.  She’s CEO of the $1.7 trillion asset-management arm of JPMorgan Chase, happens to be a Harvard MBA, and is probably the most powerful woman on the Street. Wall Street asset managers are generally unavailable to endowments.  They just make too much money.  But Harvard might be an exception. She’s already making $17 million, but that’s not the only problem.  She’s also an out-and-proud Republican, a dwindling species on Wall Street and nearly extinct at Harvard.  Harvard’s very strong on diversity, but there are limits. Still, Jamie Dimon, despite his health problems, seems to be in no hurry to retire and, at Harvard, she would at least be a CEO at last. Ms. Erdoes would be our big-ticket fantasy choice, but there are other high-ranking women (and men) among the for-profit asset managers who might be tempted.  After all, David Swensen himself was a Wall Street guy, working at Lehman Brothers and Salomon before he was lured back to Yale. Turning back to non-profit candidates and assuming that neither Mr. Alexander nor Ms. Erdoes is available, Mark Schmid at the University Chicago (my alma mater!) would be another excellent candidate. His endowment is now up to $7.6 billion AUM and has returned 8.3 percent annualized over 10 years, again handily surpassing HMC. Mark ran the $50 billion Boeing pension fund before he moved to the Chicago endowment, so he’s no stranger to allocating a lot of money or to dealing with a big organization.  And, he did an excellent job uniting the alumni, faculty, and administration when he arrived at Chicago by writing and disseminating,“A Total Enterprise Approach to Endowment Management” which helped all the constituencies understand how endowment returns related to the school budget, programs, and alumni giving.  Mark understands how all the pieces fit together and his insightful paper is still worth reading. Neal Triplett at Duke University (DUMAC) is an excellent and still-youngish CIO, standing high among the major private endowments.  Duke’s $7.3 billion fund has earned an annualized 9.4 percent over 10 years. Unfortunately for recruiters, Mr. Triplett has very deep roots in North Carolina and at a Duke (where he earned both his BA and MBA).  He’s another star who’s probably unavailable.  But it’s always nice to be asked. Princeton could probably match anything Harvard could offer for Andrew Golden, but anyone doing this search would be remiss not to at least have that conversation.  He’s another protégé of Yale’s David Swensen, and he has generated a 10-year return of 10.1 percent on PRINCO’s $22.7 billion endowment. Erik Lundberg at University of Michigan has been CIO for 16 years, building their office from the ground up, but he’s still a long way from retirement and would be a solid candidate. His endowment is now the 9th-largest in the country with $10 billion AUM and has returned a very good 8.4 percent over 10 years.  When we interviewed him he said he was very happy in Ann Arbor and in no hurry to move on.  But that’s something people tend to say when their boss is listening. Mr. Lundberg is, in our opinion (not necessarily his) underpaid and has a family to think of.  Michigan probably couldn’t match a serious offer from Harvard.  But, even though he’s been out-investing HMC at a major endowment for years, he’s not Ivy himself; his MBA is from Ohio State.  No, that shouldn’t matter, but sometimes it does. Lawrence Kochard at University of Virginia (UVIMCO) runs an outstanding investment office and would be on anybody’s short list if he were available. UVIMCO now has $7.5 billion AUM and has returned an excellent 10.1 percent over 10 years (vs. HMC’s languid 7.6 percent). But Dr. Kochard is past mid-career, has deep ties to that school, and is probably not movable. Among the major foundations, Eric Doppstadt — with a BA from University of Chicago and JD from NYU — runs $11.5 billion at the Ford Foundation.  His returns are not available, but he has a very strong resume, is highly-connected, and well-respected among non-profit investors.  He would definitely be worth a call. Turning back to the for-profit asset managers, Matt Botein, chief investment officer and Co-Head of BlackRock’s alternatives unit is an impressive youngish executive.  His BA and MBA are from Harvard and he might be a serious candidate, especially if they want someone with strong alternative-asset credentials.  He is among the top tier of Larry Fink’s senior managers, and Mr. Fink has shown a knack for hiring the best. Another top executive with years on Wall Street is Seth Masters, chief investment officer at AllianceBernstein’s Bernstein Global Wealth Management, a $65 billion high-net-worth investor.  He has a BA from Princeton, an MA from Oxford, extensive experience in Asia, is proficient in both Mandarin Chinese and French, and is running twice as much money as HMC.  If Harvard is thinking of itself as a global, strategic investor (as it should be), then someone of Mr. Master’s caliber should be considered. And finally, there are Canada’s mega-public funds.  They have the size, scope, track record and executive talent.  If Harvard chooses to retain some semblance of their hybrid model, they could look to these funds, which have actually made it work. One well-regarded leader, Mark Wiseman, former president and CEO of the CPP Investment Board in Toronto, was recently lured to BlackRock in a surprise hire by Larry Fink. And let’s not forget that the University of California Regents endowment reached up to AIMCO in Alberta to recruit Indian-Canadian Jagdeep Singh Bachher, a hire that seems to be working out well. CPPIB just replaced Mr. Wiseman with Mark Machin.  Mr. Machin, a 20-year veteran of Goldman Sachs, had been running CPPIB’s international portfolio out of Hong Kong. In these circumstances, two of his excellent lieutenants may be considering their options.  Eric M. Wetlaufer, senior managing director and global head of public markets is U.S-born and worked atFidelity in Boston until two years ago.  He’s highly experienced if HMC is willing to try another public-markets guy. His colleague, chief investment strategist Edwin D. Cass, is Canadian-born, but is another youngish and very impressive globally oriented investor.  He was formerly co-chief investment officer at Fortress Investment Group, and worked at Deutsche Bank.  He has degrees in both theoretical physics and law. We’re sure the HMC board will rise to the occasion this time and pick the leader they need.  It’s only the most important decision they’ll make this year.  So, no pressure. Charles Skorina works with leaders of endowments, foundations, and institutional asset managers to recruit Board Members, Executives Officers, Chief Investment Officers and Fund Managers. Mr. Skorina also publishes The Skorina Letter, a widely read professional publication providing news, research and analysis on institutional asset managers and tax-exempt funds. Prior to founding CASCo, Mr. Skorina worked for JP MorganChase in New York City and Chicago and for Ernst & Young in Washington, D.C. Be Sociable, Share! Tweet ← Why are Bank Stress Tests like Student/Instructor Evaluations? New Paper Tackles Basic Questions About Alternative Investments → Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 February 2014 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 January 2004 December 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 June 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 October 2002 September 2002 July 2002 May 2002 January 2002 November 2001 October 2001 July 2001 May 2001 February 2001 July 2000 May 2000 January 2000 April 1999 February 1999 December 1997 RSS Subscribe 4005 Followers 4479 Fans Connect LinkedIn User ID Password Remember Me Forgot ID or password? What is this? Having trouble logging in? Categories Newly Added (203) The A.I. Industry (376) Industry Size & Managers (29) Alpha-centric Companies (4) Asset Managers (14) Regulatory Environment (290) Hedge Fund Regulation (125) Regulatory (116) Legislation/Court rulings (45) UCITs (11) Alternative Investments in Context (53) Media Coverage of Hedge Funds (48) Hedge Funds (885) Equity Hedge Funds (290) Hedge Fund Strategies (108) Alpha Strategies (218) Event-Driven Hedge Funds (15) Macro and Managed Futures Funds (24) CTA (21) Relative Value Hedge Funds (9) Structure of the Hedge Funds Industry (651) Hedge Fund Industry Trends (523) Indexes (32) Seeding/early-stage (6) Fees (110) Commodities (130) Investing in Commodities (98) Commodities (88) Commodities: Examples (46) Hard metals (15) diamonds (2) oil (16) Energy (19) Gold (6) Private Investments (116) Debt Types of Private Equity (1) Equity Types of Private Equity (112) Private Equity (107) Venture capital (17) Angel investing (0) Other Issues in Private Investments (3) Real Assets (76) Liquid and Fixed Income Real Estate (1) Natural Resources and Land (7) Agriculture (4) Farmland (3) Operationally Intensive Real Assets (36) Infrastructure (25) Intellectual Property (10) Real Estate Equity Investments (40) Real Estate (39) Structured Products (50) Credit Derivatives (1) Equity-linked Structured Products (48) Derivatives (48) Structured Credit Products (1) Risk Management & Operations (187) Due Diligence Process (7) Operations (48) Service Providers (5) Technology (37) Partner accounting (3) Risk Management Strategies & Processes (140) Hedge Fund Operations and Risk Management (73) Risk management (72) Allocating to A.I. (843) Alpha & Beta (363) Portable Alpha & Alpha/Beta Separation (153) Alternative Beta & Hedge Fund Replication (114) 130/30 (83) ETFs (13) Benchmarking & Performance Attribution (173) Performance, Analytics & Metrics (167) Asset Allocation Models (43) Liability Driven Investing (16) Asset allocation (27) Institutional Asset Management (316) Consultants (3) Institutional Investing (297) High-net-worth investors (19) Endowments & Foundations (17) Family Offices (7) Finance & Economics (426) Financial Economics Theory (202) CAPM / Alpha Theory (187) Behavioral finance (13) The Global Economy & Currencies (132) Currencies (76) Forex (22) Emerging markets (38) Economics (4) Frontier markets (4) Macroeconomics (13) Business News (112) Algorithmic and high-frequency trading (58) Insolvency (39) Other Topics in A.I. (291) Liquid Alternative Investiments (82) Retail Investing (64) Alternative Mutual Funds (11) Liquid Alts (14) Smart Beta (4) Emerging Alternative Investments (14) Microfinance (1) Crowdfunding (2) Digital currencies (10) Personalities in AI (166) Who's Who (36) Hall of Fame (30) Academic Foundations (7) Entrepreneurs (10) Hedge Fund Researchers (8) Practitioners (10) Alpha Hunters (107) Alpha Seekers (32) Sales & Marketing in the AI Industry (13) Investor Relations (9) SRI and Clean Energy (29) Social investing (7) Socially responsible investing (16) Alternative energy (9) Climate change (4) More on 'Endowments & Foundations' Energy Infrastructure: The Midstream Sector BLEAK HOUSE–OR THE OUTLOOK ON HEDGE FUNDS NOW Harvard gives Narv the nod Much More... More on 'Institutional Asset Management' Energy Infrastructure: The Midstream Sector Pension Funds, Hedge Funds, and Allocations Outsourced CIO assets grow to $1.3 Trillion Much More... More on 'Institutional Investing' Pension Funds, Hedge Funds, and Allocations Judge Rose: Libya’s SWF Heads Knew What They Were Doing BLEAK HOUSE–OR THE OUTLOOK ON HEDGE FUNDS NOW Much More... More on 'Newly Added' Infrastructure Project Finance: Benchmarking and Definitions Aftermath of 2008: Reactions to Decreased Liquidity PE Buyout Funds: Finding or Building a Proxy Much More... More on 'Personalities in AI' Academics:  No, Navinder Sarao Did Not Cause the Flash Crash  Harvard gives Narv the nod Kyle Bass, IPR and Shorting Big Pharma Much More... Leave A Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment Copyright © 2009-2010 Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst (CAIA) Association. All Rights Reserved. ↑ Scroll to top
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Bear Mountain announces opening for snowboarders, skiers Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason Court: Sex offender accused of killing 4 women provided details to Anaheim cop Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers podcast: Comparing Brandon Ingram to a young Kevin Durant Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports Bubbly ABBA tunes buoy 'Mamma Mia!' in Costa Mesa 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways Top news News Director: New Mexico spaceport positioned for next frontier Aug. 14, 2016 Updated 10:16 a.m. 1 of 2 In this Oct. 17, 2011, photo, guests stand outside the new Spaceport America hangar in Upham, N.M. New Mexico Spaceport Authority director Christine Anderson, who is resigning, said the spaceport is on the right track and she believes it will be a game changer for New Mexico. MATT YORK , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE PHOTO 1 of 2 In this Dec. 9, 2014, photo, Christine Anderson, executive director of the New Mexico Spaceport Authority, poses for a photo at the end of the taxiway at Spaceport America in Upham, N.M. Anderson is resigning, saying she still believes in the commercial space industry and that Spaceport America has a role to play. Anderson announced her resignation in a memo sent Tuesday, July 19, 2016, to the authority's board of directors and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez. SUSAN MONTOYA BRYAN , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE PHOTO View slideshow In this Oct. 17, 2011, photo, guests stand outside the new Spaceport America hangar in Upham, N.M. New Mexico Spaceport Authority director Christine Anderson, who is resigning, said the spaceport is on the right track and she believes it will be a game changer for New Mexico. MATT YORK , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE PHOTO By SUSAN MONTOYA BRYAN / THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF At what was once a remote desert outpost with spotty cell service and little infrastructure other than the shell of a quarter-billion-dollar futuristic hangar, Christine Anderson has watched the transformation of Spaceport America from her office window. The hangar sits just to the south, its patina metal paneling and glass walls rising from the valley floor. It’s Anderson’s favorite view. “I always get inspired,” she said of being at the spaceport. “It sounds so trite, ‘the dawn of the new space age,’ but you know it really is. I think it’s just going to be amazing what we in our lifetime get to see happening in this industry.” Even though commercial flights at Spaceport America have yet to begin, Anderson – executive director of the New Mexico Spaceport Authority – says her job is done as the spaceport stands ready for anchor tenant Virgin Galactic and other companies working in the industry. Anderson announced her resignation this summer. Her last day is next week, and the search is underway for her successor. Anderson told The Associated Press the decision to leave was difficult but noted she initially signed up for only a year. She has served in the position now for more than five years. “I figured, ‘This sounds fun. Let’s see if I can help out for a year as part of the transition process,“’ she said. “Of course, I got so involved and so excited about the job and the commercial space industry that one year led to the next and the next and the next.” It hasn’t been easy. There were numerous contracts to manage during a rocky construction period. Then there were delays and other setbacks as Virgin Galactic worked to develop and test its spacecraft. Some state legislators called for pulling the plug, adding fuel to criticisms that the project – first initiated by former Gov. Bill Richardson, a Democrat, and British billionaire Richard Branson – was a boondoggle. Anderson was grilled at legislative hearings. She held fast to the idea that the spaceport would be a game changer for New Mexico. “There are naysayers,” she said. “I think you just have to maintain the high road with all of that because it’s an important project, and with any new thing – this whole spaceport business is new – you just have to have patience.” Spaceport Authority board chairman Rick Holdridge praised Anderson after news broke of her resignation. He said she took a collection of contracts that were barely in place and built a fully functional spaceport. “I don’t think the people of New Mexico realize what she has done for the state,” he said. After beefing up its business plan more than a year ago, the spaceport has attracted new customers and hosted events for the public. The next open house will be in October. Officials also are in discussions with three major aerospace companies interested in using it as a testing ground. Many companies have nondisclosure agreements that prevent spaceport officials from talking about the projects being conducted at the facility, Anderson said. While the names may remain secret, Anderson said the effect on the bottom line is welcome. Spaceport America is on track this year to have three-quarters of its operating budget covered by revenues. Next year, that’s projected to be 90 percent. The goal is to have operations paid entirely by lease revenues and other user fees given that the state and taxpayers in southern New Mexico already have contributed about $220 million to construct what is the nation’s first purpose-built spaceport. Another six rocket launches are planned over the next six months, and the spaceport is readying to serve as a base for a major project with Boeing and the adjacent White Sands Missile Range as researchers work on a transportation system that can shuttle cargo and astronauts to the International Space Station. After starting with little, Anderson said the spaceport is on the right track. “When I got here in 2011, it was a construction site. You couldn’t go out there without your hard hat on,” she said. “It was tough because it is in the middle of nowhere. We actually had to build a whole city in the middle of nowhere.” Stretching across 28 square miles of the Jornada del Norte desert basin north of Las Cruces, the spaceport also benefits from thousands of square miles of restricted air space belonging to the missile range. That remoteness is drawing customers, Anderson said. “They value the privacy and our airspace and our 24-7 security,” she said. “This is a competitive industry, and they’re doing a lot of aerospace testing that they don’t want other people to necessarily keep tabs on.” Anderson, who spent 30 years with the U.S. Air Force as a civilian before heading up the spaceport authority, said the one thing she’ll miss is being in the front row as the burgeoning industry grows. The tons of files and boxes of notes she has amassed have been handed down to her crew. “I thoroughly believe in the commercial space industry, and I think we’ve gotten to that place where we can pass the baton,” she said. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Teen in coma after getting hit by metal object through car's windshield on 57 freeway Police officer, wife die in possible murder-suicide in Long Beach Gas station employee stabbed in Anaheim, two suspects in custody Congressman Issa declares re-election win in 49th district Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Bear Mountain announces opening for snowboarders, skiers Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason Court: Sex offender accused of killing 4 women provided details to Anaheim cop Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers podcast: Comparing Brandon Ingram to a young Kevin Durant Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports Bubbly ABBA tunes buoy 'Mamma Mia!' in Costa Mesa 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways Top news Education » Tustin teachers get 3 percent raise; third straight year for increases Fullerton woman named a Rhodes Scholar for Class of 2017 Trump's election creates anxiety around the world, UCI experts say BUSINESS » Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller O.C. Watchdog » Court criticizes O.C. District Attorney's Office, keeps it off case of Seal Beach mass killing O.C. grand jury gets 2 lawyers to help investigate jailhouse informant misuse Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » Bubbly ABBA tunes buoy 'Mamma Mia!' in Costa Mesa 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess Food » 16 best food, drinks to try at Disney California Adventure's new Festival of Holidays Popular Little Saigon restaurant, Brodard, to relocate to Fountain Valley Retail-restaurant roundup: 2 new eateries at Pacific City; Wholesome Choice in Laguna Niguel closes, Weekend Max Mara debuts at South Coast Plaza TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Protest art SLIDESHOW & VIDEO » How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm MANNERS GUIDE » Here's the right way to set the table for your holiday meals FANTASTIC BEASTS » Focus: Where to find interesting beasts in Southern California CALIFORNIA GEOGRAPHY » Focus: Test your knowledge of California geography CARTOONS » Cartoons: Electoral College Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Enter Your Login Details x Invalid email address or password. Email : Password :   Remember Me |  Forgot Password Don't have a MyPRGenie account yet? Sign up here Or Login in with Facebook Connect? Click the Facebook Connect icon above. Sign Up and Get Yourself Heard! x First Name : Last Name : Email : Password : Country : Select... Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Rep. Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Isl. Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote Divoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Isl. Malvina Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Mcdonald Isl. Herzegovina Holland Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Rep. Of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Rep. Of Korea,Dem. People Rep. Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People Dem. Rep. Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, Yugoslav Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mariana Islands, Nor. Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova, Rep. Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestenian Territory Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republique Du Benin Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda S. Georgia-S. Sandwich Saint Kitts Nevis Saint Pierre-Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Lucia St. Vincent-Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Rep. Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Rep. Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Isl. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, Brit. Wallis And Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Already a Member? Login here Or Login with Facebook Connect icon above. About Us | Pricing | Newswire | Companies To Follow | PR Tips Email | PDF Sharing Options Contact Information Pankaj Sharma * Your First Name: * Your Last Name: * Subject: Press Release Spread Pune, Maharashtra, India Actuator Systems Market in Aviation worth 1090.9 Million USD by 2021 Please mention reason for marking as inappropriate Adult Mature Unrelated Links or Products Purely Personal Copied Content Deceptive or Miscategorized Low Quality Alcohol or Drug Sales Abuse Hate Speech or Personal Attack Gambling Other Actuator Systems Market in Aviation by Product & Application - 2021 | MarketsandMarkets Pune, Maharashtra -- Aug 12, 2016 / (http://www.myprgenie.com) -- The report "Actuator Systems Market in Aviation by Product (Electric, Electrohydraulic, Electromechanical, Electrohydrostatic), Application (Flight Control System, Landing Gear, Auxiliary Control), Aircraft Type, End User and Region - Global Forecast to 2021", The aviation actuator systems market is projected to grow from USD 822.3 Million in 2016 to USD 1090.9 Million by 2021, at a CAGR of 5.82%. Increasing number of aircraft orders, growing trend towards for more electric aircraft (MEA), and increasing demand for automation in aviation industry are some of the key factors expected to drive the global aviation actuator systems market during the forecast period. • Download Informational PDF Brochure :- http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=137846800 Browse 71 market data Tables and 71 Figures spread through 131 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Actuator Systems Market in Aviation - Global Forecast to 2021" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aviation-actuator-system-market-137846800.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports. The electrohydraulic segment to dominate the aviation actuator systems market Aviation actuator systems market is segmented on the basis of product into electric, electromechanical, electrohydraulic, and electrohydrostatic actuators. Electrohydraulic segment dominates the studied market and is expected to continue its dominance over the forecast period. The demand for electrohydraulic actuators is primarily driven by some of its advanced features such as high reliability, effectiveness in handling impulse load, high acceleration & stall torque capability, and simple & low power electronics. The wide body aircraft segment is expected to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period The global aviation actuator systems market has been segmented and analyzed on the basis of aircraft type including narrow body aircraft, wide body aircraft, very large aircraft, transport aircraft, and fighter jets. Wide body aircraft segment is anticipated to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period. It is expected to dominate the market on account of its efficiency and rise in passenger traffic. Increasing connectivity between important geographical locations of developing regions and developed regions has led to the rise in demand for wide body aircraft. The aviation actuator systems market is expected to witness the highest growth in the North American region The aviation industry in North American region has been witnessing strong growth over the past few years, mainly driven by the increasing demand from the major aircraft manufacturers in this region including Boeing and Bombardier. Increasing number of aircraft orders to these manufacturers by major airliners across the globe is expected to propel the market growth during the forecast period. Key players operating in the aviation actuator systems market are United Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Parker Hannifin Corp. (U.S.), Eaton (Ireland), Honeywell International, Inc. (U.S.), and Rockwell Collins (U.S.). Contracts, new product launches, expansions, partnership, collaborations, and agreements are the major growth strategies adopted by the players to strengthen their position in the market. About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model – GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M’s flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan Markets and Markets UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune, Maharashtra 411013, India 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Contact: Pankaj Sharma, pankaj@marketsandmarkets.com, 1-888-600-6441 Category: Airlines & Aviation Word Count:709 Tags: Actuator Systems market in Aviation, Aerospace Actuator Market, Actuator Systems Market, Actuator Market in Aviation, actuator, hydraulic, pneumatic, landing gear, flight control, electromechanical, electro hydraulic, defense, commercial aviation, narrow body, wide body, Very Large Aircraft Weblinks: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aviation-actuator-system-market-137846800.html Sort by: Newest Oldest Comments Add a Comment: characters left Home | Pricing | Newswire | Companies To Follow | PR Tips ©2007-2016 MyPRGenie, Inc Disclaimer
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives USAA Bank head departs after 22 months Texas judge apologizes for 'tree and a rope' comment aimed at Holiday disasters turn into savored memories Pub Crawl: Revamped Martini Club hasn’t lost its mojo Local News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Texas troopers out in full force for drunken drivers during The best times to avoid Thanksgiving traffic, according to Google Texas judge apologizes for 'tree and a rope' comment aimed at 'San Antonio Four' cleared on all charges by Texas appeals court US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Tensions soar as Indian fire hits bus in Kashmir, killing 10 Police: Couple planted fake bomb hoping to shoot officers Fact sheet: 2017 Buick Envision America's first Chinese-built SUV is a Buick Envision Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases USAA Bank head departs after 22 months U.S. holiday shopping season kicks off with Gray Thursday South Texas to get America’s largest new refinery since ‘77 Toyota recalling 834,000 Sienna minivans in North America Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Football: Somerset QB remains committed to LSU, entertaining Cold-shooting Roadrunners blitzed by Lamar, 78-58 Basketball: Tuesday’s high school results Spurs' David Lee provides spark on strange night Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Pub Crawl: Revamped Martini Club hasn’t lost its mojo Review: Chef Mark Bohanan goes South at Peggy’s on the Green Just a Taste: Signed, sealed, delivered at Signature 24 Less-Stress Recipes to Make on Thanksgiving Eve Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2016 Halloween Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Destinations Morrissey reschedules San Antonio concert Shia LaBeouf hangs at Lackland Air Force Base for movie San Antonio's college crowd kicks off Thanksgiving festivities at ‘Gilmore Girls’ wintry gem tops holiday TV treats Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Home Decorating Trends & Style Beauty and Fitness Tips Better Living Tips Gift Ideas Pets Green Living Holiday disasters turn into savored memories Wreath contest a chance to give back, win movie passes Monticello Park has 8 stops on Dec. home tour Beautiful ballerina photo shoot inspired by Donald Trump's Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Did Trump lie about protecting Medicare? Mainstream media a loser in 2016 campaign Your Turn: Nov. 23 TEA action in Southside ISD overdue Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Buick’s redesigned full-size LaCrosse sedan debuts for 2017 Nissan’s redesigned Armada full-size SUV offers lots of Chrysler’s 2017 Pacifica plug-in hybrid minivan starts at Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features US applications for unemployment aid rose last week U.S. holiday shopping season kicks off with Gray Thursday AP: Too quiet on the set; filming accidents often go untold Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Kitchen, Bed and Bath Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend Ranches for sale in Texas you can afford Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/opinion/commentary/article/Women-are-still-under-represented-in-STEM-fields-9139599.php Women are still under represented in STEM fields Lea Rosenauer, For the Express-News Published 12:00 am, Sunday, August 14, 2016 In 1983, girls across the world chanted “Ride, Sally Ride,” as Sally Ride made history as the first American woman to fly in space. It was a seminal moment for women in the sciences. Many, at the time, predicted Ride’s breaking the “highest glass ceiling” as she exited Earth’s atmosphere would inspire more young women and quickly close the gender gap in the sciences. But a little more than 30 years later, women are still underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, or STEM, fields. Ride’s flight did inspire a generation of women to pursue careers in the sciences, but it also left more work to be done. That is why, before her passing in 2012, she made it her life mission to help inspire young girls to go into the sciences. Most Popular 1 Donald Trump called son of slain SAPD Det. Benjamin Marconi,... 2 Exclusive: Accused cop killer Otis McKane married in San... 3 35-point monster whitetail buck shot by hunter near San... It is a mission and a passion that we share at Girls Inc. of San Antonio. For more than a decade, we have worked to help girls in our community be strong, smart and bold, building on the example set by pioneers such as Sally Ride and celebrating a new generation of women in science, including today’s astronauts. The issue is not only about curiosity in the subject matter, but also confidence in the skills needed to do the work. For girls, building self-assurance in their abilities in STEM areas early in their education is key because given the right tools, support and guidance, we know girls can change the world. But even today, too many girls don’t have the role models and mentors needed to cultivate and validate their interest in STEM fields. Women, who make up 47 percent of the American workforce, only make up 39 percent of chemists and material scientists. And they are only 17 percent of industrial engineers, 8 percent of electrical engineers and 7 percent of mechanical engineers. In higher education, the gap isn’t as stark but it still exists. Last year, for the first time ever, women in the U.S. were more likely to have a bachelor’s degree than men. But in the physical sciences and mathematics, women made up only 42 percent of the graduating students in 2014. They were only 20 percent of the students who earned engineering degrees, and only 18 percent of those who graduated with a computer science degree. Girls in early childhood and elementary school show the same interest and aptitude for math and science as boys. But study after study shows that the STEM breakdown starts in middle and high school. Part of the problem seems to be a lack of mentors and role models. Fortunately, this is something we can definitely change. Since 2009, Girls Inc. of San Antonio has partnered with Boeing to encourage girls to pursue science and math-based education and careers. The company provides funding for our girl-focused STEM programs and shares its people power through employees who volunteer as mentors. The company helped us launch our annual Girls Inc. science festival and our STEM Saturday programs, which foster girls’ interest in STEM fields through hands-on activities and interaction with women who have already broken through in STEM professions. Boeing’s investment in STEM activities where girls can ask questions, get involved and solve problems, can help develop enthusiasm for STEM fields. Last year, the company provided seed funding for Eureka! — our program that helps engage young women in STEM starting in the eighth grade and continuing through high school. This program provides continued support and mentorship as they grow up. Encouraging girls to be strong, smart and bold today will lead to a larger percentage of successful women in STEM fields tomorrow. As Ride showed, it takes more than just inspiration to help close the long-standing gap for women in the sciences. It takes hard work, sustained encouragement and help from forward-looking private sector partners such as Boeing to make progress. Lea Rosenauer is president and CEO at Girls Inc. San Antonio. Developing Stories Court clears 'San Antonio Four' on all charges Ex-TX coach convicted of killing pregnant wife granted new trial Man's body pulled from under train on I-10 SAPD: 30-year-old shot while walking in Govt. Hill The Latest Morrissey reschedules S.A. show Two women offered top Trump positions The best times to avoid Thanksgiving traffic, according to Google Famed white nationalist slated to speak at Texas A&M These stores beat Amazon at Black Friday deals These retailers are taking a stand on staying closed for... Texas troopers out in full force for drunken drivers during... When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos USAA Bank head departs after 22 months S.A.'s college crowd sizzles at pre-holiday bash Revamped Martini Club has something for everyone Eccentric body painting fest thrills S.A. club Report: Kanye West cancels S.A. show S.A.'s top high schools for 2017 2 S.A. private schools land on Texas' best list List: S.A.'s top school districts for 2017 When S.A. stores will open on Thanksgiving, Black Friday Yelp reviewers rave and rip S.A. malls 25 of the best Black Friday deals Star swings through Lackland for private show Photos: Celebrities who trained at Lackland Places in S.A. where you'll probably spot a celebrity Recent Breaking News SAPD: Suspect entered police HQ hours before ambush killing of... Bexar County deputies salute slain SAPD Det. Benjamin Marconi... Suspect arrested in ambush killing of San Antonio police... Breaking News 'San Antonio Four' cleared on all charges by appeals court 'San Antonio Four' cleared on all charges by appeals court Share your comments Trump taps SC Gov Haley and charter school backer DeVos Trump's UN pick has a national reputation as healer-in-chief Trump's illegal immigration stance may boost private prisons Trump win could give Israel freer hand with Palestinians Most Popular 1 Donald Trump called son of slain SAPD Det. Benjamin Marconi,... 2 Exclusive: Accused cop killer Otis McKane married in San... 3 35-point monster whitetail buck shot by hunter near San... 4 Chrome wheels led police to suspected cop killer in San Antonio 5 Suspected cop killer Otis McKane discusses S.A. ambush in own... 6 'San Antonio Four' cleared on all charges by Texas appeals court 7 Rank: San Antonio's top high schools for 2017 View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Close SpaceX moving two giant antennas to Boca Chica - Brownsville Herald: Local News Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 84° Few Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Treviño takes oath of office Top Story New! Compromise is not a dirty word, says Cameron County Judge Eddie Treviño Jr. Posted: November 23 rss Texas News US Navy serves up turkey alongside sorties on Thanksgiving Texas's highest court: 'San Antonio 4' are innocent Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Day' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Day' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Day' game Texas official apologizes for suggesting suspect's lynching Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Baylor settles with 2 women who reported sexual assaults AP WACO, Texas (AP) — Two women who reported being gang-raped by Baylor University football players have reached a settlement with the school, which has been hammered by months of criticism that it ignored or mishandled assault claims for years. Updated: 12:15 pm General News, Sports, Women's Sports More From The Latest Prosecutors seek 2-year prison term for Neymar over transfer Meyer, Harbaugh have a chance to recharge a rivalry IPFW Mastodons shock No. 3 Indiana with 71-68 upset in OT Turner, Mabrey lead Notre Dame to win in bizarre game Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Local News Eyes on the sky SpaceX moving two giant antennas to Boca Chica Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next MGN Online SpaceX property holdings grow Buy this photo Posted: Saturday, August 13, 2016 10:16 pm SpaceX moving two giant antennas to Boca Chica By STEVE CLARK | Staff Writer Brownsville Herald SpaceX plans to install two massive ground station antennas at Boca Chica beach for the purpose of tracking manned space flights, though not flights from Boca Chica, at least not yet. The 86-ton antennas, which the Hawthorne, Calif.-based company acquired from NASA’s KennedySpaceCenter at Cape Canaveral, will be used to track flights of the crewed version of SpaceX’s Dragon spacecraft from Cape Canaveral to the International Space Station, probably in 2017. The company already has made multiple cargo runs between Earth and ISS using its uncrewed Dragon capsules, driven into space by the company’s Falcon 9 rockets. In 2012, SpaceX became the first private company to rendezvous with ISS. SpaceX and Boeing both have contracts to fly crews to ISS. Since the end of the Space Shuttle program in 2011, NASA has depended on Russian Soyuz flights to get astronauts to ISS. As one of the contract’s “milestones,” NASA requires SpaceX to track the flights from ground stations at various locations, thus the Boca Chica antennas. sclark@brownsvilleherald.com A more complete version of this story is available on www.myBrownsvilleHerald.com Discuss Print Posted in Local News on Saturday, August 13, 2016 10:16 pm. Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Temperature set to plunge tonight Body of teen killed in school bus incident returned to Harlingen Holiday Village at Dean Porter Park opens tonight In pep talk, Clinton urges backers to 'never, ever give up' City native and restaurateur releases cookbook to acclaim More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes VILLA MADRID Apts 1 & 2 Bedrooms Available BASIC & Updated: 5:01 am FOR SALE: Enchanted Valley Ranch, Mission, TX 55+ Park $105,000 Updated: November 20 SAN BENITO 2/1 $475 Updated: 5:01 am More Homes Cars 2007 Lexus ES 350, Charcoal Gray, Leather Seats, 91,690 miles $9,500 posted: November 23 1996 BMW 3181C White w/black ragtop, leather, clean, new tires $2,500 Updated: November 08 2016 GMC Sierra, Need To Sell, Like New, Only 8k $39,500 posted: November 23 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Photo gallery 11/23/16 02:10 PM EST Politicians, moguls and even an ex-wife: Trump's revolving door of post-election visitors By POLITICO Staff Updated 11/23/16 02:10 PM EST Trump selects DeVos as education secretary By Caitlin Emma and Michael Stratford DeVos, of Grand Rapids, Mich., chairs the American Federation for Children. 11/23/16 02:00 PM EST Trump associate plans D.C. firm By Isaac Arnsdorf On the origin of the presidential conflicts-of-interest exemption — Trump transition strays from traditional vetting Presidential Transition 11/23/16 01:49 PM EST Trump breaks streak of white, male appointments By Louis Nelson The president-elect is starting to make good on his pledge to build a diverse Cabinet. But he still has a ways to go. 11/23/16 01:39 PM EST Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million By Nolan D. McCaskill Clinton has garnered 64,223,958 votes, compared to Trump’s 62,206,395 votes. Updated 11/23/16 01:07 PM EST Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador By Nahal Toosi and Alex Isenstadt She's a rising star in the Republican Party and is Trump’s first female appointee to a Cabinet-level post. 11/23/16 12:52 PM EST Khamenei: Iran 'will not stand idly by' if sanctions are reimposed By Yousef Saba The United States "should be aware that the Islamic Republic of Iran will not stand by idly," Khamenei added. 11/23/16 12:48 PM EST U.S. sees spike in apprehensions along southern border By POLITICO Staff Trump made border security core to his campaign message. 11/23/16 12:37 PM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver 11/23/16 12:32 PM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing 11/23/16 12:20 PM EST Ben Carson looks like HUD choice By Matthew Nussbaum Ben Carson appears poised to be nominated as President-elect Donald Trump's secretary of Housing and Urban Development, overseeing billions of dollars... 11/23/16 12:17 PM EST Playback: Trump looks at a cabinet 11/23/16 11:35 AM EST Hannity calls on Trump to freeze out the press By Brent Griffiths Hannity openly endorsed Trump during the campaign. 11/23/16 11:12 AM EST Warren, Cummings ask GAO to look into Trump conflicts of interest By Colin Wilhelm The congressional Democrats also want GAO to review the transition effort's "disarray." 11/23/16 10:57 AM EST Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state By Nolan D. McCaskill 'I’m still very unhappy that Mitt did everything he could to derail Donald Trump,' Huckabee said. 11/23/16 10:36 AM EST Petraeus says he would serve in Trump's administration By Yousef Saba “If you're asked, you've got to serve — put aside any reservations based on campaign rhetoric... and figure out what's best for the country,” he said. 11/23/16 10:28 AM EST Blackstone executive Jonathan Gray won't serve as Treasury secretary By Ben White “I had a terrific meeting and robust policy discussion with the president-elect. It was an honor to be considered for Treasury secretary, but I still have... 11/23/16 10:26 AM EST Professor cited in report says election results 'probably not' hacked By Madeline Conway Halderman wrote that he does not think it’s likely that the election results, which deviated from pre-election polls in those swing states in particular,... Barcelona’s war on tourists By Diego Torres Marine Le Pen’s legal headaches By Nicholas Vinocur Brexit hobbles UK growth outlook By Paul Dallison and Silvia Sciorilli Borrelli 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Restaurants cheer court block of Obama's overtime rule By Helena Bottemiller Evich Beverage makers have long road ahead on cutting calories — Iowa lawmakers want quick death for WOTUS 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST A look at Frances Townsend, potential Homeland Security secretary By Tim Starks Investigating the election — Safe online shopping guide 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST High-tech transportation world hopeful for Trump administration By Brianna Gurciullo Harold Ford Jr. surfaces as Transportation secretary candidate — Trump says Ryan and McConnell are 'in love' with him 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Texas judge blocks overtime rule By Ted Hesson Kirasnow: Trump will focus on labor force participation — Man bites dog 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Pritzker to China: More reform needed By Megan Cassella Transition ramps up for Ex-Im, Commerce — WTO Appellate Body chairman breaks his silence 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Obama techies in turmoil over sticking with Trump By Alex Byers FCC's December agenda leaves off set-top, business broadband items — E&C lawmakers floated in administration chatter 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Updated 21st Century Cures is imminent By Dan Diamond Cigna's Cordani sides with DOJ? — No correlation between political party and NIH funding 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST More bumps for the Trump Foundation By Bernie Becker Retail rebels — Where is my refund? 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Colleges vow to protect undocumented students By Benjamin Wermund Did Rhee really remove herself from Education Secretary consideration? — Oklahoma’s early ESSA plans 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST New ‘Cures’ language coming soon By David Pittman Price has secret soft side for health tech — Cybersecurity news 11/23/16 10:00 AM EST Greens regroup for unexpected battle By Anthony Adragna Obama pushed to enter Dakota Access fray — Mayors vow climate progress during Trump presidency 11/23/16 09:58 AM EST Gingrich: Kushner may need nepotism waiver By Brent Griffiths Trump reignited the speculation over Kushner’s role in his administration when Trump floated the possibility that the 35-year-old could become a key broker... Presidential Transition Updated 11/23/16 09:39 AM EST Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation By Nancy Cook and Andrew Restuccia The transition team's approach is in marked contrast to that of past presidential transitions. JPMC - Friday Cover - 11/25/16 - Next Mission for Veteran Entrepreneurs 11/23/16 09:30 AM EST BROWN and Legislature nix transportation session -- FACEBOOK’s China accommodation -- Putin’s favorite congressman 11/23/16 09:23 AM EST Poll: Voters take a dim view of Trump's campaign promises By Nolan D. McCaskill Fifty-five percent oppose his plan to build a wall on the border with Mexico. 11/23/16 08:54 AM EST Gingrich: Trump shouldn't tell DOJ to ignore Clinton's potential wrongdoing By Nolan D. McCaskill Gingrich said his reaction to Trump’s reversal “depends on exactly what he meant.” 11/23/16 08:30 AM EST Trump talks Mattis, waterboarding, Syria By Jeremy Herb Canada pushes back F-35 decision — Al-Qaeda figure killed in U.S. airstrike 11/23/16 08:00 AM EST Meet Bill Walton By Ben White and Andrew Hanna Harold Ford for Trump team? — TCH on FSB — Fed minutes prep 11/23/16 07:59 AM EST McSALLY EYES HOMELAND GAVEL – Putin’s favorite congressman – BIDEN NIXES DNC RUMORS – Trump on GOP leaders: ‘They’re in love with me’ – AFL-CIO BACKS PELOSI 11/23/16 07:42 AM EST Trumpsition Day 14: What does Haley pick portend? By Matthew Nussbaum Haley, who met with Trump last week, helps to round out Trump’s foreign affairs team. 11/23/16 07:36 AM EST Looking back on LAQUAN MCDONALD -- NUKE bailout deal in the works -- LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse LAWMAKERS launch hearing on group home abuse 11/23/16 07:32 AM EST TIMES gets Trump on the record -- ALICIA GLEN on infrastructure hopes -- AIRBNB drops state suit AIRBNB drops state suit 11/23/16 07:21 AM EST INTRIGUE: BANNON AND MARK CUBAN HUDDLE in NYC -- Nikki Haley to the U.N. -- Harold Ford Jr. talking to TRUMP world -- INSIDE TRUMP VETTING OP -- B’DAY: Geoff Morrell By Anna Palmer, Jake Sherman and Daniel Lippman 11/23/16 07:12 AM EST SETTI calls boosting Baker-challenge war chest -- ROMNEY tops TRUMP State list -- THANKSGIVING convo survival tips THANKSGIVING convo survival tips 11/23/16 07:08 AM EST WISNIEWSKI launches campaign -- CHRISTIE changes course on tax reciprocity -- NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 NEW ASSEMBLYMAN in District 40 11/23/16 06:53 AM EST Poll: Obama's approval rating highest in seven years By Nolan D. McCaskill Obama enjoys a post-election approval rating of 57 percent. Washington And The World 11/23/16 05:10 AM EST Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin I was at State when we took the MeK off the terrorist list. But team Trump’s ties to the group still worry me. Presidential Transition 11/23/16 05:07 AM EST Trump gets to pick his own auditor By Katy O'Donnell Lawyers say there's nothing to stop him from appointing an IRS chief who will go easy on him. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as secretary of state Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million Trump breaks streak of white, male appointments Texas court blocks overtime rule The Cure for Fake News Is Worse Than the Disease Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print ISIL on the defensive on several fronts By Jeremy Herb 08/15/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro A BUSY WEEKEND ON THE BATTLEFRONT, ACROSS THE MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA: There was plenty of action in the battle against the Islamic State over the weekend, in addition to the fighting in Syria and news with Boko Haram in Africa. Here’s the rundown: Story Continued Below — IN SYRIA, U.S.-BACKED FORCES CAPTURE MANBIJ FROM ISIL, reports The Associated Press: “On the streets of Manbij, men chanted slogans against the Islamic State group or clipped their beards and women walked with their faces uncovered for the first time in over two-and-a-half years, hours after the militant group was pushed out of the northern Syrian city. U.S.-backed fighters seized the key Islamic State stronghold late Friday after two months of heavy fighting that killed more than 1000 people and displaced thousands. “The fighters also freed hundreds of civilians the extremists had used as human shields, Syrian Kurdish officials and an opposition activist group said. The capture of Manbij is the biggest defeat for the extremist group in Syria since July 2015, when they lost the town of Tal Abyad on the border with Turkey. The capture of Tal Abyad deprived the militant group of a direct route to bring in new foreign militants or supplies.” — Heavy fighting in Aleppo Sunday, via Reuters: “Heavy fighting took place in different sectors of the Syrian city of Aleppo on Sunday as rebels assaulted two government strongholds in the city's northwest and south, a monitor of the war said. ... Insurgents including Islamist militant groups detonated car bombs before launching an attack on the Jamiat al-Zahraa district, an army base and residential district, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.” — IN IRAQ, KURDS ADVANCE ON MOSUL, writes Reuters: “Kurdish Peshmerga forces launched a fresh attack on Islamic State forces early on Sunday as part of a campaign to capture Mosul, the militants' de facto capital in Iraq, Kurdish officials said. The advance began after heavy shelling and airstrikes by a United States-led coalition against IS forces, a Reuters correspondent reported from Wardak, 19 miles southeast of Mosul. The militants fought back, firing mortars at the advancing troops and detonating at least two car bombs. A Peshmerga commander said a dozen villages had been taken from the ultra-hardline Sunni militants as Kurdish forces headed toward Gwer, the target of the operation, 25 miles southeast of Mosul.” — IN AFGHANISTAN, ISLAMIC STATE LEADER REPORTED KILLED LAST MONTH, the Pentagon disclosed Friday. The Washington Post has more here: “The head of the Islamic State’s branch in Afghanistan, a former Pakistani Taliban member named Hafiz Saeed Khan, was killed in a U.S. airstrike last month, the Pentagon announced Friday. The July 26 strike took place in the Achin district of Afghanistan’s eastern Nangarhar province, said Pentagon Deputy Press Secretary Gordon Trowbridge in a statement.” — IN LIBYA, ISLAMIC STATE FIGHTERS FLEE, reports The Wall Street Journal: “Islamic State fighters fleeing their Libyan stronghold of Sirte are seeking to cross the border into neighboring countries or possibly regroup in southern towns to fight again, Western and local officials say. The extremists have headed to the long, porous border that Libya shares with Algeria and Niger. The countries bordering Libya have been on high alert, officials say, as part of efforts to block foreign fighters who may be looking to return home to other parts of Africa. But the vast desert expanse of the Sahel region offers a refuge to militant fighters that has long vexed U.S. counterterrorism forces.” — AND IN NIGERIA, BOKO HARAM VIDEO CLAIMS SOME KIDNAPPED GIRLS KILLED IN AIRSTRIKES, via The New York Times: “The militant group Boko Haram released a video on Sunday purporting to show the bodies of several kidnapped schoolgirls who fighters claim were killed by Nigerian airstrikes. A masked, camouflaged fighter who appears in the 11½-minute video said many of the schoolgirls had died in the strikes, according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors militant jihadist groups. “The unidentified fighter also demanded the release of imprisoned militants in exchange for the release of the girls. The strikes are part of a broader offensive by the Nigerian military to rid the region of Boko Haram. The abduction of more than 250 schoolgirls from Chibok, a small village in northeastern Nigeria, more than two years ago triggered global outrage and a social media campaign using the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls that got the attention of Michelle Obama.” HAPPY MONDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. MORNING D TRIVIA: Shin Inouye was the first to correctly answer that George Washington received the most Electoral College votes ever, winning 100 percent in 1789 and 1792 when he ran unopposed. (James Monroe also ran unopposed in 1820, but one elector voted against him to keep Washington as the only president elected unanimously.) Stay tuned Friday for our next question. HAPPENING TODAY — TRUMP TERRORISM SPEECH: “Donald Trump will declare an end to nation building if elected president, replacing it with what aides described as ‘foreign policy realism’ focused on destroying the Islamic State group and other terrorist organizations,” the AP reports. “In a speech the Republican presidential nominee will deliver on Monday in Ohio, Trump will argue that the country needs to work with anyone that shares that mission, regardless of other ideological and strategic disagreements. Any country that wants to work with the U.S. to defeat ‘radical Islamic terrorism’ will be a U.S. ally, he is expected to say.” ALSO TODAY: Former U.S. Ambassador Dennis Ross and Emory University professor Ken Stein discuss the past, present and future of U.S.-Israel relations at a forum this afternoon hosted by the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. FOR YOUR RADAR — BIDEN HEADING TO TURKEY TO TRY TO MEND RELATIONS, writes our colleague Nahal Toosi: “The Obama administration is sending Vice President Joe Biden to make peace with Turkey. Biden's office on Saturday confirmed reports out of Turkey that he would visit the country on Aug. 24, roughly a month and a half after a failed coup attempt in the strategically located NATO ally. “Since the coup attempt, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has launched a massive crackdown, arresting or dismissing from their jobs tens of thousands of people, including soldiers, journalists and teachers. His government and Turkish media outlets have also fanned rumors that the U.S. was behind the coup attempt. At the same time, they've demanded the U.S. extradite Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based Muslim spiritual leader whose supporters the Turks say carried out the attempted government overthrow.” 2016 WATCH — HAGEL DOESN’T KNOW WHO HE’LL VOTE FOR: Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says he has problems with both the Democratic and Republican presidential nominees. In an interview with the Omaha World-Herald, the former GOP senator from Nebraska who was defense secretary under President Barack Obama said he has issues with Democrat Hillary Clinton’s ethical problems, but he’s no fan of Republican Donald Trump either. “I’m very offended by Trump personally, his actions, his style and how he does and says things,” Hagel said. “But I want to see — he’s got 90 days, and I want to see if he can turn some of that around.” DEMOCRATIC HACK WIDENS — LAWMAKER CELLPHONE NUMBERS AND EMAIL ADDRESSES LEAKED, our Pro Cyber colleague Tim Starks has more here: “House Democratic leaders on Saturday urged members to upgrade their cyber security as staffers were flooded with vulgar, malicious emails and texts after a massive online dump of their contact information late Friday — the latest fallout of a series of election-season cyberattacks primarily targeting the Democratic Party. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, calling the incident a ‘sad course of events,’ wrote in a note to colleagues that she was changing her phone number and advised colleagues to do the same.” POLITICO PRO Q&A — DSCA DIRECTOR VICE. ADM. JOSEPH RIXEY: “Vice Adm. Joseph Rixey was set to retire in September after three years as director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the Pentagon's gatekeeper for international arms sales. But the P-3 Orion pilot, who previously oversaw the Navy's international programs, was asked to stay on well into next year to continue reforming a process more utilized than ever but widely considered cumbersome.” “I know there is a narrative out there that says we’re struggling or we’re broke,” he says. “I would argue that we’re not broken, we’re actually burdened. We’re doing quite well. We’re still number one in the world in transfers. But we’ve got to keep up with this demand. Demand is going up.” Rixey recently sat down with our colleague Ellen Mitchell to talk about the desire to speed up the foreign sales process, defense industry frustrations and more. The full Q&A is here, for Pros. SPEED READ — Saudi-led coalition airstrikes kill 19 civilians — including children — in Yemen, hitting a residential area and a school: NYT — Most Islamic State recruits from its earliest days had just basic knowledge of Islam: AP — The Pentagon approves a $1 billion advance payment to Lockheed Martin to avoid disruptions in F-35 production as contract negotiations drag on: POLITICO Pro — The Air Force approves Boeing’s KC-46A tanker for low-rate initial production: POLITICO Pro — U.S. nuclear weapons stored at a Turkish military base are at risk of being captured by "terrorists or other hostile forces," according to a new report from the Stimson Center: Agence France-Presse — Civilians still trapped in Aleppo have lost water and facing food shortages: The Washington Post — Afghan forces are struggling to hold ground from the Taliban in the country’s south: NYT — A bomb blast at a border crossing between Syria and Turkey kills at least 10 Syrian rebel fighters: AP — The U.N. will send 4,000 more peacekeepers to South Sudan: The Washington Post — A Taliban splinter group re-pledges allegiance to the main organization: WSJ — The Islamic State can’t move past being a “brand name” in Afghanistan and Pakistan: Reuters — The Marines help the Iraqis and Kurds fight the Islamic State online: Stars and Stripes — Citing Hillary Clinton’s State Department emails, a Navy sailor seeks leniency in submarine photos case: POLITICO — Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort is reported to have received $12.7 million in undisclosed payments from Ukraine’s former ruling party when it was his consulting client: NYT — Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl’s attorneys accuse his commander of burning 100 letters tied to the case: San Antonio Express-News — The DoD agency tasked with identifying remains is trying to speed up its operations: Stars and Stripes — The Marines are turning to high school sports teams to recruit more women: AP — A former Navy fullback makes his NFL debut: The Washington Post « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Clinton's lead in the popular vote surpasses 2 million The 229-year-old sentence liberals hope will sink Trump Trump taps Nikki Haley to be UN ambassador Conservatives put Trump on notice 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days Inside Trump’s freewheeling vetting operation Judge faults State over Clinton visitor records Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? Trump Foundation acknowledges violating 'self-dealing' ban Cardin to push resolution on Trump's financial conflicts Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 11/23/16 Tuesday, 11/22/16 Monday, 11/21/16 Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine 15 Trump Flip-Flops in 15 Days By Ruairí Arrieta-Kenna How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care? By Daniel Benjamin Abolish the Office of the First Lady By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Director: New Mexico spaceport positioned for next frontier SUSAN MONTOYA BRYAN13 August 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos FILE - In this Dec. 9, 2014, file photo, Christine Anderson, executive director of the New Mexico Spaceport Authority, poses for a photo at the end of the taxiway at Spaceport America in Upham, N.M. Anderson is resigning, saying she still believes in the commercial space industry and that Spaceport America has a role to play. Anderson announced her resignation in a memo sent Tuesday, July 19, 2016, to the authority's board of directors and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez. (AP Photo/Susan Montoya Bryan, File)More At what was once a remote desert outpost with spotty cell service and little infrastructure other than the shell of a quarter-billion-dollar futuristic hangar, Christine Anderson has watched the transformation of Spaceport America from her office window. The hangar sits just to the south, its patina metal paneling and glass walls rising from the valley floor. It's Anderson's favorite view. "I always get inspired," she said of being at the spaceport. "It sounds so trite, 'the dawn of the new space age,' but you know it really is. I think it's just going to be amazing what we in our lifetime get to see happening in this industry." Even though commercial flights at Spaceport America have yet to begin, Anderson — executive director of the New Mexico Spaceport Authority — says her job is done as the spaceport stands ready for anchor tenant Virgin Galactic and other companies working in the industry. Anderson announced her resignation this summer. Her last day is next week, and the search is underway for her successor. Anderson told The Associated Press the decision to leave was difficult but noted she initially signed up for only a year. She has served in the position now for more than five years. "I figured, 'This sounds fun. Let's see if I can help out for a year as part of the transition process,'" she said. "Of course, I got so involved and so excited about the job and the commercial space industry that one year led to the next and the next and the next." It hasn't been easy. There were numerous contracts to manage during a rocky construction period. Then there were delays and other setbacks as Virgin Galactic worked to develop and test its spacecraft. Some state legislators called for pulling the plug, adding fuel to criticisms that the project — first initiated by former Gov. Bill Richardson, a Democrat, and British billionaire Richard Branson — was a boondoggle. Anderson was grilled at legislative hearings. She held fast to the idea that the spaceport would be a game changer for New Mexico. "There are naysayers," she said. "I think you just have to maintain the high road with all of that because it's an important project, and with any new thing — this whole spaceport business is new — you just have to have patience." Spaceport Authority board chairman Rick Holdridge praised Anderson after news broke of her resignation. He said she took a collection of contracts that were barely in place and built a fully functional spaceport. "I don't think the people of New Mexico realize what she has done for the state," he said. After beefing up its business plan more than a year ago, the spaceport has attracted new customers and hosted events for the public. The next open house will be in October. Officials also are in discussions with three major aerospace companies interested in using it as a testing ground. Many companies have nondisclosure agreements that prevent spaceport officials from talking about the projects being conducted at the facility, Anderson said. While the names may remain secret, Anderson said the effect on the bottom line is welcome. Spaceport America is on track this year to have three-quarters of its operating budget covered by revenues. Next year, that's projected to be 90 percent. The goal is to have operations paid entirely by lease revenues and other user fees given that the state and taxpayers in southern New Mexico already have contributed about $220 million to construct what is the nation's first purpose-built spaceport. Another six rocket launches are planned over the next six months, and the spaceport is readying to serve as a base for a major project with Boeing and the adjacent White Sands Missile Range as researchers work on a transportation system that can shuttle cargo and astronauts to the International Space Station. After starting with little, Anderson said the spaceport is on the right track. "When I got here in 2011, it was a construction site. You couldn't go out there without your hard hat on," she said. "It was tough because it is in the middle of nowhere. We actually had to build a whole city in the middle of nowhere." Stretching across 28 square miles of the Jornada del Norte desert basin north of Las Cruces, the spaceport also benefits from thousands of square miles of restricted air space belonging to the missile range. Read More That remoteness is drawing customers, Anderson said. "They value the privacy and our airspace and our 24-7 security," she said. "This is a competitive industry, and they're doing a lot of aerospace testing that they don't want other people to necessarily keep tabs on." Anderson, who spent 30 years with the U.S. Air Force as a civilian before heading up the spaceport authority, said the one thing she'll miss is being in the front row as the burgeoning industry grows. The tons of files and boxes of notes she has amassed have been handed down to her crew. "I thoroughly believe in the commercial space industry, and I think we've gotten to that place where we can pass the baton," she said. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Guess What Happened When Salman & Vivek Landed Up At Shah Rukh's House Together Spotboye Telangana Irrigation Minister seeks grant of Rs. 400 crore for construction of new godowns, cold storages Ani Here’s What Saif Ali Khan Upto To Welcome Baby Khan! Business of Cinema 17 Male Actors Who Had to Totally Change Their Weight for Movies Eat This, Not That! Akshay Kumar's Toilet-Ek Prem Katha: Godman declares Rs 1 crore reward for chopping off director's tongue International Business Times Nepal government, federal alliance strike deal to table amendment proposal Ani Photos: Salman Khan Meets His Onscreen Son After Nine Years On Bigg Boss 10! Business of Cinema Don’t Expect PM Modi To Get On To The Back Foot Now; Ganesha Foresees More Key Changes GaneshaSpeaks.com 5 'T's to Remember While Brushing Teeth Before Bedtime Practo Demonetisation is illegal, cannot be done without legislation: Manish Tewari Ani Geeta Phogat Refused Aamir Khan’s Wedding Gift, So Here’s What He Did! Business of Cinema Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1478 357 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Dearborn 3D printer rewriting rules of manufacturing 3D printing offers advantages over older methods of machining parts and products like hearing aids or dental crowns. Post to Facebook Dearborn 3D printer rewriting rules of manufacturing 3D printing offers advantages over older methods of machining parts and products like hearing aids or dental crowns.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2bra7MB {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Dearborn 3D printer rewriting rules of manufacturing John Gallagher , Detroit Free Press 9:35 a.m. EDT August 15, 2016 Buy Photo Al Siblani poses with a 3-D printer Friday August 12, 2016, at EnvisionTec in Dearborn. (Photo: Mandi Wright Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo Detroit used to be rich in tool-and-die shops, the small family-run firms that created specialized tools and gadgets to cut and shape metal in the automotive and other industries. Many of the hundreds of such small tool shops have gone out of business, but their modern equivalent is 3D printing, an industry that could thrive in Detroit with the metro area becoming a leader. The Detroit area’s entry is a company called EnvisionTEC, based in Dearborn. Founded by Lebanese immigrant Al Siblani, the firm makes printers ranging in price from $10,000 to $1 million. ► Related:Google, 3D printing keep Ford's ex-CEO Alan Mulally on the forefront Those printers produce a varied and growing list of products — hearing aids, dental crowns, custom jewelry, skin grafts, automotive parts, and even characters used in SciFi and fantasy movies. EnvisionTEC sells into the commercial and industrial markets only, not to the consumer 3D market that has had its problems. Buy Photo Hearing aids are just another example of the personalized use of 3-D printing.  (Photo: Mandi Wright Detroit Free Press) The holder of some 120 patents, Siblani is one of the next generation of Southeast Michigan entrepreneurs harnessing the latest technology to build a world-class business that remains under the radar in terms of public recognition. “We continue to grow,” Siblani said last week at his headquarters. “In the last 18 months, we’ve doubled our manufacturing in California, we’ve doubled our manufacturing in Germany, we’ve doubled our number of people here in this building, and I think pretty soon we’re going to be out of space here. So it’s a very flourishing and growing business and we’re very happy the way it’s been going.” Todd Grimm, an Edgewood, Ky.-based industry consultant, said EnvisionTEC has made advances in multiple fields that could serve it well in years to come as this very young field continues to mature. Buy Photo A 3-D printer created this exact replica of a skull with a gunshot wound used for forensic court explanations.  (Photo: Mandi Wright Detroit Free Press) “It has moved beyond an entrepreneurial business style to become a sound, established player in the 3D printing market,” he said. 3D printing, also known as additive manufacturing, rapid prototyping, desktop manufacturing, and on-demand manufacturing, refers to processes developed over the past 20 years or so in which “printers” lay down thin layers of material, often a resinous liquid, according to a three-dimensional digital image file, gradually building up the product. The process can produce anything from trinkets for hobbyists to precision parts for jet fighters. Sometimes the product is ready to use, and often the output is used to create a mold into which other material, such as gold in the case of jewelry, is poured to produce the final outcome. Buy Photo 3-D printers are becoming extremely popular for dentists for multiple uses.  (Photo: Mandi Wright Detroit Free Press) 3D printing offers advantages over the older methods of machining parts and products like hearing aids and dental crowns. Speed is one advantage. A 3D printer in a dentist’s office can produce a dental crown while the patient waits instead of the dentist having to send out a rubberized mold to a shop that sends the finished crown back a week or more later. At EnvisionTEC’s headquarters in Dearborn, expert technicians test new materials that could be used in various products. A training center sees EnvisionTEC staff training customers on the use of their machines. And a range of printers produce prototypes that eventually will work their way into general production. Buy Photo Jewelers are now using 3-D printers to custom design rings for clients.  (Photo: Mandi Wright Detroit Free Press) Born in Lebanon, Siblani came to metro Detroit as a teen, studying engineering at Lawrence Technological University and Wayne State University. He started working with silk-screen printing, developing a process so colors wouldn’t blur. Then he went to work for an early 3D printer and pitched its advantages to automakers. A key moment came in 1993. “I went to GM and said, ‘You know that transmission case that takes you 18 weeks by hand to do? I can do it in 72 hours.’ They said, ‘No way.’ I said, ‘OK, let’s do it.’ Seventy-two hours later, everybody that is anybody at General Motors in design was standing there as I took out the part. That was my first install.” He launched EnvisionTEC a few years later, the name chosen to capture the sense of a forward-looking technology. EnvisionTEC entered the custom jewelry market in 2003. Normally a jewelry designer would create intricate custom pieces by hand in wax, and then the wax model would be used to cast the finished jewelry. Within three years, Siblani’s much-faster 3D printers were used throughout the industry to create the plastic form. “We pretty much became like the Coca-Cola if you want a high precision 3D printer,” he said. Other fields followed — hearing aids in 2005, and then in 2008 he entered the market for dental crowns. Dentists who used to order crowns from labs in China now could have one of Siblani’s printers in their own offices. The firm’s latest venture involves printing carbon fiber products for the aerospace industry – a process that no one has ever done before. EnvisionTEC now makes and sells about 40 different 3D printers around the world to a wide variety of clients. A privately held company, EnvisionTec does not release revenue or profit figures. But the company ranks third in the industry now behind two publicly held companies, Stratasys, which is based in Minneapolis and Rehovot, Israel, and 3D Systems, based on Rock Hill, S.C. Those two companies have reported annual sales in the range of several hundred million dollars. Diversity in products lines has paid off. In the middle of the Great Recession in 2008-09 when companies everywhere were shrinking, Siblani continued to hire new workers. “We’re growing at a very healthy rate,” he said this month. “We don’t have a cyclical business. We operate in 12 different verticals, in the medical space, consumer products, hearing aids, dental, sporting goods. We have so many verticals that we operate in that we can never take more than a 10% hit at any time. So we’re very stable and we’re constantly growing.” The potential power of 3D printing in automotive manufacturing was among the topics creating a buzz among executives attending an automotive conference in Traverse City earlier this month. Former Ford CEO and longtime former Boeing executive Alan Mulally also said 3D printing has the potential to do things for manufacturing that were once unimaginable. Mulally, who retired as CEO of Ford in 2014, is now on the boards of tech giant Google and Carbon 3D in Redwood City, Calif. “That we could actually make the parts off of the digital data set that is in the cloud and not have to have all of the tooling? So that’s been like just a dream come true to help (Carbon 3D) with that.” And Ian Simmons, vice president of business development for parts supplier Magna, said 3D printing could be used in the future when it needs to produce a smaller volume of parts and in urgent manufacturing situations. “If you’ve got a unique requirement for a part … we look at can we do that live?" he said. "Can we do that on the plant floor? And then basically we can use that immediately?” More and more, thanks to companies like EnvisionTEC, the answers are "yes." Contact John Gallagher: 313-222-5173 or gallagher@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @jgallagherfreep. Business writer Brent Snavely contributed to this report.  Today's top stories: Heidelberg Project 3.0: Detroit's seminal public art project will be dismantled, says founder Tyree Guyton. Here's what's next. Detroit consultant made $280K a year, plus flights and meals: This consultant to the city makes more money in salary than the mayor. Who is he? The inside story of the 707-hp Dodge Hellcat engine: 'The Hellcat is a triumph of engineering bravado over common sense, a Hemi V8 so powerful that eyeballs rolled' Mitch Albom: Fingers pointing the wrong way on death tax: Columnist Mitch Albon takes on presidential Hillary Clinton's recent remarks on the death tax she gave during a speech last week in Warren. 1478 CONNECTTWEET 357 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2bra7MB More Stories Pistons come home to praise, a few critics Nov. 22, 2016, 9 p.m. Judge puts OT pay hike for 4.2M workers on hold Nov. 22, 2016, 11:39 p.m. Ann Arbor residents fear 'future Flint crisis' Nov. 22, 2016, 11:35 p.m.
