Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Jan 27, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Politics Pence promises big investment in infrastructure ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 17, 2017 Vice President-elect Mike Pence walks through the halls of Russell Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill today. ASSOCIATED PRESS Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg speaks to members of the media after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York today. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Vice President-elect Mike Pence is pledging to a group of mayors that the Trump administration will make a serious investment in infrastructure. Speaking today to a meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, Pence said President-elect Donald Trump told him to pass on that “we’re going to do an infrastructure bill and it’s going to be big.” Trump, who consistently lamented the state of American bridges, roads and airports on the campaign trail, has promised to invest $1 trillion in transportation and infrastructure spending, though he has provided few details. Pence also said the new administration will work with cities as partners. He looked ahead to Friday’s inauguration, saying it will mark “the dawn of a new era for our country, it’s an era of growth and opportunity and renewed greatness for America.” Trump was set to make his first Washington trip in weeks today, as his inauguration festivities approach. Trump planned to fly in for a dinner honoring Tom Barrack, his longtime friend and head of the Inauguration Committee. The president-elect will return to New York after the dinner. He’ll make his final trip to Washington on Thursday to attend a concert at the Lincoln Memorial and to stay, as is custom for incoming presidents, at Blair House, the presidential guest quarters, the night before he’s sworn in. In New York today, Trump met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg. Trump has criticized the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One program. “We made some great progress to refine requirements for Air Force One, to streamline the process, to streamline certain features, all of that will lead to a better airplane at a lower cost,” Muilenberg said after the meeting. He said Trump “is doing a good job as an agent of business” and added that more conversations would be forthcoming. He did not set a timeline on settling on a final price tag. Trump’s comments on Twitter and to news organizations threatened to overshadow the pomp and circumstance of Friday’s inauguration. Today, the president-elect continued his attacks on Rep. John Lewis, whom he berated Saturday for challenging his legitimacy to be the next president. Trump said that the veteran African-American congressman from Georgia had wrongly claimed that it would be the first inauguration he’s missed since 1987. “WRONG (or lie!)” Trump tweeted. “He boycotted Bush 43 also because he ‘thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush’s swearing-in....he doesn’t believe Bush is the true elected president.‘ Sound familiar!” Lewis’ office today confirmed that the civil rights icon had missed George W. Bush’s 2001 swearing-in, saying it was also a form of dissent. Trump has been widely criticized for the comments and more than 40 House Democrats plan to boycott his inauguration. Trump had sought to ease friction Monday, meeting with a son of Martin Luther King Jr. Asked about the boycott on a phone call with reporters, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said they would “love for every member of Congress to attend but if they don’t, we’ve got some great seats for others to partake in. It’s a shame that these folks don’t want to be part of the peaceful transfer of power.” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the boycott was a “reflection of the division” in the country. Trump also put GOP lawmakers on the defensive today over their tax plan, after he called their approach “too complicated” in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. At issue is a proposal called “border adjustment” that would tax imports to the U.S. while exempting exports. It’s part of a sweeping planned rewrite of the U.S. tax code aimed at lowering overall rates on corporations from 35 percent to 20 percent. “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it,” Trump said. Trump also appeared to outline a different health care goal than many Republicans over the weekend. During interviews with The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal, Trump said that after the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, he’ll offer “insurance for everybody.” Congressional Republicans have been careful to say that they want to provide “universal access.” European Union nations bracing for Trump’s ascension showed defiance Monday in the face of the president-elect’s stinging comments on everything from NATO and German cars to the crumbling of the European Union. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said the Trump’s view that NATO was obsolete and his criticism that European allied members aren’t paying their fair share had “caused astonishment.” Also this week, Trump’s picks for Cabinet posts continue their trek to Capitol Hill to win support from lawmakers considering their confirmation for Cabinet positions. Today, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana made his case to be interior secretary. And Betsy DeVos, Trump’s pick for education secretary, has a confirmation hearing this evening. Related Items Boeing Co , Michael Pence , Donald Trump , Dennis Muilenburg , John Lewis , George W. Bush , martin luther king jr. , Josh Earnest , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , Ryan Zinke , Betsy DeVos , united states , new york , north america , United States Congress , North Atlantic Treaty Organization , European Union , United States government Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Boeing CEO sees near term plane deal after Trump meeting By Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg's visit to Trump Tower on Tuesday marked another step in Trump's efforts to use his bully pulpit to cut better deals with defence contractors. It also showed Boeing's adroit use of the meetings to pursue its own sales and herald its importance to the US manufacturing economy. - Australia firm signs 20-year pact to supply US LNG to India Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Letter to Finance Minister » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Budget Bets » Tease Your Mind » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Jan 18, 2017, 08.42 AM | Source: Reuters Boeing CEO sees 'near term' plane deal after Trump meeting Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg's visit to Trump Tower on Tuesday marked another step in Trump's efforts to use his bully pulpit to cut better deals with defence contractors. It also showed Boeing's adroit use of the meetings to pursue its own sales and herald its importance to the US manufacturing economy. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Boeing CEO sees near term plane deal after Trump meeting Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg's visit to Trump Tower on Tuesday marked another step in Trump's efforts to use his bully pulpit to cut better deals with defence contractors. It also showed Boeing's adroit use of the meetings to pursue its own sales and herald its importance to the US manufacturing economy. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Boeing Co's chief executive said on Tuesday that he and President-elect Donald Trump "made progress" on lowering the cost of the Air Force One presidential aircraft fleet and on a potential sale of Boeing fighter aircraft, and suggesting a deal could be struck soon. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg's visit to Trump Tower on Tuesday marked another step in Trump's efforts to use his bully pulpit to cut better deals with defence contractors. It also showed Boeing's adroit use of the meetings to pursue its own sales and herald its importance to the US manufacturing economy. Trump has been pressuring defence companies on prices through Twitter posts and meetings. Last month he said a USD4 billion contract for Air Force One was too expensive and should be cancelled. Boeing has said it so far has a USD170 million contract for design work on the heavily modified Boeing 747 planes and that no final figure for the fleet of planes had been established. Trump also last month asked the Chicago-based aerospace and defence company to price a contract for Boeing's F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet to compete with Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter, which is famously over budget. While not offering details, Muilenburg said the "excellent conversation" with Trump could lead to a deal "in the very near term." "We made some great progress on simplifying requirements for Air Force One, streamlining the process, streamlining certification by using commercial practices," Muilenburg told reporters after the hour-long meeting. "That's going to lead to substantial cost reductions." On fighter jets, he said, "we were able to talk about options for the country and capabilities that will, again, provide the best capability for our war fighters most affordably." Muilenburg praised Trump's approach to negotiations. "I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job of engaging business," he said, noting that as the US' top exporter, Boeing supports 1.5 million US manufacturing jobs and 13,000 small and mid-sized supplier companies. "If you want manufacturing jobs, aerospace is the place to invest," he said. "We're proud to take on that mission and I think Mr Trump's engagement with industry is going to help us grow manufacturing jobs in this country." "I appreciate the teamwork approach on this - I think it's the right way to do business." Boeing's stock was down 0.6 percent at USD157.87 in afternoon trade. Tags  Boeing Co Boeing Co Donald Trump Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Boeing CEO sees near term plane deal after Trump meeting See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Buy Aarti Industries; target of Rs 822: Geojit BNP Paribas Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for January 27 Wall St weekahead - Investors upbeat on data, Fed; wary of Trump Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Trump to meet May in 1st summit with foreign leader Housing sector biggest beneficiary of demonetisation: Naidu HDFC Bank brings in humanoid to assist customers in branch Clarity on GAAR to rekindle investor confidence: India Inc Oil PSUs to invest over Rs 1.4 tn in Andhra by FY22: Pradhan See all Video of the day Surprised by market upmove post cash ban; buy stocks: Kotak MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Blogs > ATW Editor's Blog > Don’t dismiss the widebody Don’t dismiss the widebody Jan 17, 2017 by Karen Walker in ATW Editor's Blog RSS EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Already 2017 is shaping up to be another good year for the narrowbody, especially the new-generation of ultra-efficient airliners. Large orders have been placed for the Airbus A320neo and Boeing 737 MAX. Boeing has announced its design for a further stretch of the MAX and is preparing to see the first of the MAX family enter service this year. Neos and Bombardier CSeries aircraft will continue their in-service momentum. The widebody market, however, has hit the doldrums. Orders have slowed, Airbus and Boeing have both announced production rate cuts and there is talk – some of it already confirmed - of order deferrals. But it would be wrong to cast a gloomy outlook for the industry as a whole or for the widebody market in particular. Projections are for another profitable year for the world’s airlines in the order of almost $30 billion. And the trend-line for air passenger growth continues its upward climb. Passenger numbers are expected to reach almost 4 billion this year, which will be a record. Reflecting that appetite to fly, airlines increased the number of unique city-pair connections in 2016 by more than 700 to over 18,000. By 2036, IATA forecasts that 7.2 billion passengers will travel by air annually, almost double the 3.8 billion who flew in 2016. While narrowbodies – especially in the low cost sector -- will play a crucial role in delivering those billions of new fliers to their destinations, it must not be overlooked that those numbers cannot be met without the indispensable widebody. Airlines that invest in a widebody fleet are playing a long game – it’s an investment in anticipated passenger growth and in new destinations. People don’t just want to travel; they want to go to faraway places. China’s outbound international market is booming. China and India will both eclipse the US as the world’s largest air traffic markets by 2029. The widebody is the only way to satisfy that demand, particularly on large hub-to-hub routes. And while the new generation of narrowbodies is eminently capable of carrying people farther, there are operational and customer service advantages to the widebody that the narrowbody cannot easily deliver on long-haul flights. Twin aisles are quicker to board and deplane; they offer more bin space and lavatories, larger galleys and greater IFE options, as well as crew rest areas. They also offer more ways for airlines to customize and differentiate their product; that’s important in an increasingly competitive market. Yes, there will be some order deferrals and yes, in some long-haul markets today there are airlines with a lot of capacity chasing the same passengers. But the upward trend in air travel demand is undeniable. The widebody is how that demand will be fulfilled. Karen Walker Karen.walker@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Karen Walker's blog Log In or Register to post comments EMAIL Print Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? MH370 becomes a ghost ship Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement What's ATW Editor's Blog? Karen Walker Blog Advertisement Advertisement Blog Archive Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Boeing CEO: Air Force One cost talks progress By TONY CAPACCIO, TOLUSE OLORUNNIPA AND JULIE JOHNSSON Bloomberg News First Published Jan 17 2017 05:06PM    •    Last Updated Jan 17 2017 05:06 pm Single page Share This Article Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said he "made some great progress" in face-to-face talks with Donald Trump on the president-elect's demand to hold down costs on the next-generation version of Air Force One. In addition to Boeing's contract to build the new Air Force One, the main presidential aircraft, they talked in their second meeting since the election about the company's F-18 Super Hornet, which Trump suggested last month should be upgraded to compete with Lockheed Martin Corp.'s F-35 as the Pentagon's advanced fighter jet. "We discussed Air Force One, we discussed fighter aircraft," Muilenburg told reporters after the meeting Tuesday at Trump Tower in New York. "We made some great progress on simplifying requirements for Air Force One, streamlining the process, streamlining certification." VIDEOS TOP JOBS Trump has shaken the defense industry — and put all large U.S. companies with government contracts on notice — with his Twitter postings. In a tweet on Tuesday morning, the president-elect boasted of "the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases," although no specific reductions have yet been announced. "Mr. Trump is doing a great job of engaging with business," Muilenburg said after their meeting Tuesday. "We're on the same page here." Although Boeing has announced plans to pare its workforce amid slowing commercial aircraft sales, its CEO touted the economic growth and the 1.5 million manufacturing jobs that the largest U.S. exporter supports. "You want manufacturing jobs — aerospace is the place to invest," Muilenburg said. "We're proud to take on that mission." Trump's public pressure on Boeing began on Dec. 6, when he tweeted that "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" In the wake of that comment, Muilenburg vowed that the Chicago-based company could build a new version of Air Force One for less than $4 billion. "We're going to get it done for less than that, and we're committed to working together to make sure that happens," Muilenburg said as he left the president-elect's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida last month. Muilenburg said he gave Trump his "personal commitment on behalf of the Boeing Company." More than a potent symbol of U.S. power, Air Force One planes are outfitted to highly classified specifications, which include secure communications and antimissile defenses, so they can operate as a flying White House in a national crisis. Boeing is currently under contract for $170 million to help determine the capabilities of the complex military aircraft. Boeing isn't the only defense contractor that's felt the fury of Trump's tweets. Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson has met twice with Trump after he attacked the company for "out of control costs" on the F-35 jet, the largest U.S. weapons program. The $379 billion program for over 3,000 fighters started development in 2001 after Lockheed beat Boeing in the winner-take-all contest. The 200th aircraft was delivered Jan. 11. Trump also called on Boeing to "price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet," referring to the company's F/A-18E/F jet, to compete with the F-35, a proposal defense analysts said was probably unworkable given the different roles and capabilities of the two fighters. After the president-elect's criticism, Hewson told Trump last week that Lockheed is close to a deal with the Pentagon to lower costs "significantly" on the next and largest production lot yet of F-35s. The push to reduce F-35 costs over time was underscored by Roger Carr, the chairman of BAE Systems, a key subcontractor on the program. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES A Trump supporter was charged with voting twice. Her lawyer says she shouldn't stand trial. The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church Honor Code dispute could move Air Force ROTC off BYU campus Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Mysterious fund pays for League of Cities-sponsored stories in Deseret News ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Nation Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Nation Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Michael Pence Pence promises big investment in infrastructure Associated Press • Jan 17, 2017 at 6:29 PM NEW YORK — Vice President-elect Mike Pence is pledging to a group of mayors that the Trump administration will make a serious investment in infrastructure. Speaking Tuesday to a meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, Pence said President-elect Donald Trump told him to pass on that “we’re going to do an infrastructure bill and it’s going to be big.” Trump, who consistently lamented the state of American bridges, roads and airports on the campaign trail, has promised to invest $1 trillion in transportation and infrastructure spending, though he has provided few details. Pence also said the new administration will work with cities as partners. He looked ahead to Friday’s inauguration, saying it will mark “the dawn of a new era for our country, it’s an era of growth and opportunity and renewed greatness for America.” Trump was set to make his first Washington trip in weeks Tuesday, as his inauguration festivities approach. Trump planned to fly in for a dinner honoring Tom Barrack, his longtime friend and head of the Inauguration Committee. The president-elect will return to New York after the dinner. He’ll make his final trip to Washington on Thursday to attend a concert at the Lincoln Memorial and to stay, as is custom for incoming presidents, at Blair House, the presidential guest quarters, the night before he’s sworn in. In New York on Tuesday, Trump met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg. Trump has criticized the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One program. “We made some great progress to refine requirements for Air Force One, to streamline the process, to streamline certain features, all of that will lead to a better airplane at a lower cost,” Muilenberg said after the meeting. He said Trump “is doing a good job as an agent of business” and added that more conversations would be forthcoming. He did not set a timeline on settling on a final price tag. Trump’s comments on Twitter and to news organizations threatened to overshadow the pomp and circumstance of Friday’s inauguration. On Tuesday, the president-elect continued his attacks on Rep. John Lewis, whom he berated Saturday for challenging his legitimacy to be the next president. Trump said that the veteran African-American congressman from Georgia had wrongly claimed that it would be the first inauguration he’s missed since 1987. “WRONG (or lie!)” Trump tweeted. “He boycotted Bush 43 also because he ‘thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush’s swearing-in....he doesn’t believe Bush is the true elected president.‘ Sound familiar!” Lewis’ office on Tuesday confirmed that the civil rights icon had missed George W. Bush’s 2001 swearing-in, saying it was also a form of dissent. Trump has been widely criticized for the comments and more than 40 House Democrats plan to boycott his inauguration. Trump had sought to ease friction Monday, meeting with a son of Martin Luther King Jr. Asked about the boycott on a phone call with reporters, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said they would “love for every member of Congress to attend but if they don’t, we’ve got some great seats for others to partake in. It’s a shame that these folks don’t want to be part of the peaceful transfer of power.” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the boycott was a “reflection of the division” in the country. Trump also put GOP lawmakers on the defensive Tuesday over their tax plan, after he called their approach “too complicated” in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. At issue is a proposal called “border adjustment” that would tax imports to the U.S. while exempting exports. It’s part of a sweeping planned rewrite of the U.S. tax code aimed at lowering overall rates on corporations from 35 percent to 20 percent. “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it,” Trump said. Trump also appeared to outline a different health care goal than many Republicans over the weekend. During interviews with The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal, Trump said that after the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, he’ll offer “insurance for everybody.” Congressional Republicans have been careful to say that they want to provide “universal access.” European Union nations bracing for Trump’s ascension showed defiance Monday in the face of the president-elect’s stinging comments on everything from NATO and German cars to the crumbling of the European Union. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said the Trump’s view that NATO was obsolete and his criticism that European allied members aren’t paying their fair share had “caused astonishment.” Also this week, Trump’s picks for Cabinet posts continue their trek to Capitol Hill to win support from lawmakers considering their confirmation for Cabinet positions. On Tuesday, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana made his case to be interior secretary. And Betsy DeVos, Trump’s pick for education secretary, has a confirmation hearing Tuesday evening. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at The Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Pence Promises Big Investment in Infrastructure By jonathan lemire and catherine lucey, associated press NEW YORK  Jan 17, 2017, 10:01 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Vice President-elect Mike Pence pledged to a group of mayors that the Trump administration will make a serious investment in infrastructure, and he told diplomats that Trump and his incoming team share "a commitment to engage with all of the world." Speaking Tuesday to a meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, Pence said President-elect Donald Trump told him to pass on that "we're going to do an infrastructure bill, and it's going to be big." Trump, who consistently lamented the state of American bridges, roads and airports while campaigning, has promised to invest $1 trillion in transportation and infrastructure spending, though he has provided few details. Pence also said the new administration will work with cities as partners. He looked ahead to Friday's inauguration, saying it will mark "the dawn of a new era for our country, it's an era of growth and opportunity and renewed greatness for America." Trump also made his first trip to Washington in weeks on Tuesday, as his inauguration festivities approach. Trump flew in for a black-tie dinner honoring Tom Barrack, his longtime friend and head of the Inauguration Committee. The Chairman's Global Dinner drew nearly 150 diplomats and ambassadors, well-heeled donors, soon-to-be White House staffers and Cabinet picks. "We have great respect for your countries. We have great respect for our world," Trump told the group after he was introduced by Pence, who assured that the future president was willing to engage with the world, despite his "America First" mantra. "I'm not sure that the national media here in America completely understands the president-elect. I can assure you that the world will," Pence said, adding that Trump "will be a president who puts America first, but we will work every day with nations around the world to advance the peace and prosperity of our allies and our friends across the world." The president-elect is expected to return to New York after the dinner. He'll make his final trip to Washington on Thursday to attend a concert at the Lincoln Memorial and stay, as is custom for incoming presidents, at Blair House, the presidential guest quarters, the night before he's sworn in. In New York on Tuesday, Trump met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg. Trump has criticized the cost of Boeing's Air Force One program. "We made some great progress to refine requirements for Air Force One, to streamline the process, to streamline certain features, all of that will lead to a better airplane at a lower cost," Muilenberg said after the meeting. He said Trump "is doing a good job as an agent of business" and added that more conversations would be forthcoming. He did not set a timeline on settling on a final price tag. Trump's comments on Twitter and to news organizations threatened to overshadow the pomp and circumstance of Friday's inauguration. On Tuesday, the president-elect continued his attacks on Rep. John Lewis, whom he berated Saturday for challenging his legitimacy to be the next president. Trump said that the veteran African-American congressman from Georgia had wrongly claimed that it would be the first inauguration he's missed since 1987. "WRONG (or lie!)" Trump tweeted. "He boycotted Bush 43 also because he 'thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president.' Sound familiar!" Lewis' office on Tuesday confirmed that the civil rights icon had missed George W. Bush's 2001 swearing-in, saying it was also a form of dissent. Trump has been widely criticized for the comments and more than 40 House Democrats plan to boycott his inauguration. Trump had sought to ease friction Monday, meeting with a son of Martin Luther King Jr. Asked about the boycott on a phone call with reporters, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said they would "love for every member of Congress to attend but if they don't, we've got some great seats for others to partake in. It's a shame that these folks don't want to be part of the peaceful transfer of power." White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the boycott was a "reflection of the division" in the country. Trump also put GOP lawmakers on the defensive Tuesday over their tax plan, after he called their approach "too complicated" in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. At issue is a proposal called "border adjustment" that would tax imports to the U.S. while exempting exports. It's part of a sweeping planned rewrite of the U.S. tax code aimed at lowering overall rates on corporations from 35 percent to 20 percent. "Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don't love it," Trump said. Trump also appeared to outline a different health care goal than many Republicans over the weekend. During interviews with The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal, Trump said that after the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, he'll offer "insurance for everybody." Congressional Republicans have been careful to say that they want to provide "universal access." European Union nations bracing for Trump's ascension showed defiance Monday in the face of the president-elect's stinging comments on everything from NATO and German cars to the crumbling of the European Union. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said the Trump's view that NATO was obsolete and his criticism that European allied members aren't paying their fair share had "caused astonishment." Also this week, Trump's picks for Cabinet posts continue their trek to Capitol Hill to win support from lawmakers considering their confirmation for Cabinet positions. On Tuesday, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana made his case to be interior secretary. And Betsy DeVos, Trump's pick for education secretary, has a confirmation hearing Tuesday evening. ——— Associated Press writers Julie Pace and Jill Colvin in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York contributed to this report. ——— Reach Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire 0 Shares Email Star Comments Pence Promises Big Investment in Infrastructure " Trump Pushes Voter Fraud Claim Citing Fringe Blogger " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Trump Says He'll Give Christian Refugees Priority to Enter US " TRANSCRIPT: ABC News Anchor David Muir Speaks With President Trump " Sunday on ‘This Week’: Sean Spicer, Sen. Mitch McConnell, and Robert Gates " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Trump: 'Very Early' to Talk About Lifting Sanctions Against Russia " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " US, Russian Officials: Trump and Putin to Speak by Phone on Saturday " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US
    Home About Antiwar.com Donate Blog US Casualties Contact Latest News Trump the Disruptor He’s shaking things up – and looking out for America first by Justin Raimondo, January 18, 2017 Print This | Share This If the New York Times is to be believed – a problematic proposition – then it looks as if Trump Derangement Syndrome has gone international. In a front page article headlined “As Trump Era Dawns, A Sense of Uncertainty Grips the World,” we are told: “The Germans are angry. The Chinese are downright furious. Leaders of NATO are nervous, while their counterparts at the European Union are alarmed.” Oh heavens-to-Betsy, whatever shall we do? So what’s the source of this latest Trumpanic? It’s an interview with Tory mandarin Michael Gove and Kai Diekmann, a former editor of the German newspaper Bild, in which the President-elect reiterates what he’s been saying to the American people for the past year, and on the basis of which he won the election: US foreign policy is going to change, and in a big way. However, to Times reporter Steve Erlanger, this all comes as a big revelation, evidence that “Trump has again focused his penchant for disruption on the rest of the world.” Oh, the poor babies! Perhaps they need to find a safe space in which to park themselves for the next four-to-eight years. This being the Times, there’s the requisite Russia-baiting: “No one knows where exactly he is headed – except that the one country he is not criticizing is Russia and its president, Vladimir V. Putin. For now. And that he is an enthusiastic cheerleader of Brexit and an unaffiliated Britain. For now.” If this reads like a paragraph torn out of one of the Hillary Clinton campaign’s strategy memos, well then consider the source. And speaking of the source, what exactly did Trump say in this supposedly “disruptive” interview that has the Powers That Be in such a tizzy? They ask him about Brexit, and he endorses it, as he has in the past. They ask him if he’d vote for Angela Merkel in the upcoming German elections, and he demurs: “I don’t know who she’s running against.” Besides which, isn’t it a bit unseemly for an American President-elect to endorse a candidate for office in a foreign country? It surely would be in bad taste if the situation were reversed. They press him on Merkel’s open invitation to the entire nation of Syria to emigrate to Germany: was it “insane,” as he said during the campaign? Or has he changed his mind for some reason? He reiterates his often-stated view that “it was a big mistake for Germany,” and then broadens out his answer to include an analysis of the regional chaos caused by the administration of George W. Bush, whom he doesn’t mention by name but it’s clear where he places the blame: “Look, this whole thing should never have happened. Iraq should not have been attacked in the first place, all right? It was one of the worst decisions, possibly the worst decision ever made in the history of our country. We’ve unleashed – it’s like throwing rocks into a beehive. It’s one of the great messes of all time. I looked at something, uh, I’m not allowed to show you because it’s classified – but, I just looked at Afghanistan and you look at the Taliban – and you take a look at every, every year its more, more, more, you know they have the different colours – and you say, you know – what’s going on?” Those pathetic Republican “foreign policy experts” who are now complaining about being on an “enemies list” kept by the Trump transition team deserve to be on that list: they, after all, were the architects of the ongoing disaster described by Trump, and he clearly doesn’t care to reward failure. This is precisely why the GOP foreign policy Establishment campaigned so hard against him: that these losers are now locked out of the administration is good news indeed. More good news: Trump is taking direct and very public aim at their patrons, the Military-Industrial Complex that Dwight David Eisenhower so presciently warned us against. Even as he pledges to upgrade the US military, the President-elect clearly knows who his enemies are: “Boeing and Lockheed Martin are you know big contractors for this country and we have an F-35 program that has been very, very severely over budget and behind schedule. Hundreds of billions of dollars over budget and seven years behind schedule. And, uh, they got to shape up.” Employees of both Boeing and Lockheed-Martin gave record amounts to the Clinton campaign: indeed, the entire industry went for Hillary in a big way. Asked about his top priority as commander-in-chief, Trump had one word to say: “ISIS.” Asked how he’d deal with ISIS, he demurred. Yet it isn’t at all hard to imagine what his strategy will be: he’s not saying we should “get along with Russia” because he’s a secret Putinite, as our crazed conspiracy theorists would have it. Clearly he means to enlist Russia’s support in what he envisions as a short but effective campaign to eliminate ISIS entirely, at least when it comes to the Syrian “Caliphate.” After all, Russia is already in Syria in a big way: and Trump’s hostility to the Obama administration’s campaign to overthrow Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad indicates he’s likely to align with both Syria and Russia to restore some sort of order to the region. As to what degree he’ll farm out this task to the Russians and the Syrians, we’ll see. We’ll also see how “quick” this joint campaign will be: history does not bode well, in any case. Yet it’s clear he wants to minimize our involvement. This segues into what is the most controversial part of the interview: “Q: Talking about Russia, you know that Angela Merkel understands Putin very well because he is fluent in German, she is fluent in Russian, and they have known each other for a long time – but who would you trust more, Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin? “Trump: Well, I start off trusting both – but let’s see how long that lasts. It may not last long at all.” Oh, how the “experts” and the political class went ballistic over that one! How dare Trump equate our “ally” Germany with our evil “adversary,” the perfidious Putin! And yet the reality is that neither Germany nor Russia is inherently either friend or foe: they are simply actors on the world stage whose relations to the US are based entirely on what is in America’s interests. As George Washington warned in his Farewell Address: “[N]othing is more essential than that permanent, inveterate antipathies against particular nations, and passionate attachments for others, should be excluded; and that, in place of them, just and amicable feelings towards all should be cultivated.” Trump’s “realist” value-free characterization of our relations with the leaders of both Germany and Russia represents a return to the foreign policy of the Founders, from which we have strayed to our great detriment. It is, as Trump proclaimed so often during the campaign, a foreign policy that puts America first. As he’s being interrogated by a Brit and a German, much of the interview deals with Europe, and specifically policy toward Russia. Asked if he can “understand why eastern Europeans fear Putin and Russia,” he says “Sure, oh sure,” and then goes very quickly into a critique of NATO, which he says is “obsolete.” It’s obvious he thinks the fears of the east Europeans are vastly overblown, as indeed they are. Trump complains that “the countries aren’t paying their fair share. So we’re supposed to protect countries but a lot of these countries aren’t paying what they’re supposed to be paying, which I think is very unfair to the United States. With that being said, NATO is very important to me.” Yes, but how important is “very important” in TrumpWorld? Europe’s welfare cases shudder as they contemplate the answer. Gove avers that “Britain is paying,” and Trump agrees, but says: “There’s five countries that are paying what they’re supposed to. Five. It’s not much, from twenty-two.” And as Trump no doubt realizes, the costs of NATO involve more than money: we are obligated to defend twenty-two countries in case they are attacked. That’s twenty-two tripwires that could set off a major war: the price of that is incalculable. Is it worth it? Trump clearly has his doubts, and it’s this that has the Euro-weenies in an uproar. After all, they’ve been coasting along on Uncle Sam’s dime for all these years, financing extensive welfare programs for their own citizens as well as a horde of migrants: the idea that the gravy train is going to dry up has them up in arms. And of course the issue of NATO is really about the Russian question – is Putin really intent on annexing his “near abroad” and re-establishing the Soviet empire? This nonsensical fantasy, based on nothing but rejuvenated cold war hysteria, is clearly doubted by Trump and his advisors. So when he’s asked if he supports the continuation of European sanctions against Russia, Trump replies: “Well, I think you know – people have to get together and people have to do what they have to do in terms of being fair. OK? They have sanctions on Russia – let’s see if we can make some good deals with Russia. For one thing, I think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially, that’s part of it. But you do have sanctions and Russia’s hurting very badly right now because of sanctions, but I think something can happen that a lot of people are gonna benefit.” In short: sanctions can be ended as part of a grand bargain with Russia to reduce nuclear weapons arsenals on both sides and guarantee European security. Ambitious? – Yes. Praiseworthy? – Certainly. Can he do it? Only by overcoming the War Party’s opposition in Congress, led by Mad John McCain and joined by the now-Russophobic war-crazed Democrats out to obstruct anything and everything Trump does, even at the cost of world peace. It’s absolutely wonderful how Trump’s offhand remarks rub the commentariat the wrong way, especially because what he says is indisputable. Asked which number he dials if he wants to talk to Europe – a riff off a remark by Henry Kissinger – he names Merkel on the grounds that “you look at the European Union and it’s Germany. Basically a vehicle for Germany. That’s why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out.” Zing! Poor Angela Merkel – she can’t get no respect! Elaborating his view of the EU, Trump averred: “People, countries want their own identity and the UK wanted its own identity but, I do believe this, if they hadn’t been forced to take in all of the refugees, so many, with all the problems that it, you know, entails, I think that you wouldn’t have a Brexit. It probably could have worked out but, this was the final straw, this was the final straw that broke the camel’s back. “I think people want, people want their own identity, so if you ask me, others, I believe others will leave.” We can’t forget that the interviewers are Europeans who have been sucking at the American teat since the end of World War II, as one of the final questions makes all too clear: “Your policy platform of America First implies you’re happy to see the rest of the world suffer. Do you?” Spoken like a true dependent, and yet Trump lit right into them with the unvarnished truth: “I don’t want it to be a disruption – I love the world, I want the world to be good but we can’t go – I mean look at what’s happening to our country – we are $20 trillion [in debt] – we don’t know what we’re doing – our military is weak – we’re in wars that never end, we’re in Afghanistan now 17 years … it’s the longest war we’ve ever been in.” Endless wars, endless payments to feckless “allies,” endless hectoring by these ungrateful wretches who accuse us of wanting to “see the rest of the world suffer” – Trump would put an end to all this, and I have no doubt that the American people support him wholeheartedly. Shall we take a poll on the popularity of the US bearing the brunt of Europe’s “defense” against an enemy that disappeared in 1989? Shall we have a national referendum on the prospect of going to war over whether Montenegro – a nation the size of the metropolitan New York area – shall have a “pro-Western” government? If you wonder why our “intelligence community” is waging open warfare against the forty-fifth  President of these United States, you have only to look at this interview. He is challenging the “liberal” international order which has paid out liberal amounts of moolah and unearned prestige to a whole class of government contractors, thinktank poobahs, useless spooks, and their ancillary business enterprises for decades. Without this “international order,” we’re told, the world will be plunged into “uncertainty,” if not complete chaos. This is a lie. The only uncertainty that Trump’s America First foreign policy imposes is uncertainty as to where the war profiteers’ next meal ticket is coming from. And that, dear reader, is a cause not for panic but for celebration. NOTES IN THE MARGIN You can check out my Twitter feed by going here. But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. I’ve written a couple of books, which you might want to peruse. Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Foreword by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon (ISI Books, 2008). You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here. Read more by Justin Raimondo Trump’s First Big Mistake – January 26th, 2017 Taking the Long View – January 24th, 2017 Trump Against the World – January 22nd, 2017 Chelsea Manning, A Heroine for Our Times – January 19th, 2017 An Inauguration Day Surprise? – January 15th, 2017 Print This | Share This Click here to hide comments michaelj72a nice one, Justin. thanks (write a good one on Chelsea Manning, will ya?) RickR35 I wouldn’t assume that now somehow the US is going to take some leading role in Syria. ISIS needs to be squeezed from both ends: Syria and Iraq. Let Russia & Co. take care of ISIS in Syria and the US better get it’s stuff together and get on ISIS in Iraq, not to mention looking into ISIS finances and who’s providing them with material support. That is an important questions about the war profiteers’ next meal ticket. If Trump manages to bring the West to its sense then no doubt the death-destruction&deficit industry will go back to ruining developing countries. Mike Ehling I agree with what you say, Justin, but only with what you say. There’s also that which you don’t talk about. And that’s the “pivot to Asia.” Does Trump want to get out of Europe just so he can get into Asia? The whole Taiwan snafu, for example. I wonder what your thoughts are on this. Sarastro92 Correct. Relations with China are being entirely mishandled. Opening up the Two China issue is really, really counter-productive Mark Thomason There is more than one way to mishandle our China relationship. Obama mishandled in one way, and Trump is starting on another. We can avoid picking fights as part of an encirclement strategy, get cooperation on some things like Korean nukes, and still stand up for our own trading interests. The South China Sea is to China what the Caribbean is to the US. We need not be on the wrong side of another Cuban Missile Crisis. China does not want a nuclear North Korea, but they also don’t want the US on the Yalu nor a flood of millions of desperate refugees. We can make a deal on that. South Korea wants to be safe, not just militarized. On trade, China is now reforming its own economy, to put more emphasis on internal consumption, as the next stage in its evolution. That is what we want them to do anyway, so again we can work this out if we try. Sarastro92 You’re reading my mind… I totally agree on each and every point.. The US needs to negotiate a Global Condominium with key powers in which Uni-Polar hegemony is renounced and spheres of influence are recognized. And with that comes areas of security and cooperation that are defined… Access to resources is important, secure shipping lanes etc… science, technology and cultural sharing etc… Self-determination etc. Time to end the Great Games… This would mean the US focuses on internal growth and trade with traditional allies in Western Europe and Japan, but more or less remains self-reliant on Western partners in the Americas. Amicable relations and military withdrawal from overseas bases follows… Bianca We do not know if this is being “mishandled”. You can do one of the following. Find the written Foreign Policy Strategy, available since April 2016, or you can rely on snippets of information, and read tea leaves, while speculating on the greater meaning of the same. I urge people to find the document, it was a speech. If I take the document, it states clearly that US will not do regime changes, or promote revolutions. It will not be in the business of administering the nonexistent universal human rights. It is against the globalism, meaning that the fundamental unit of all international relations is nation-state. To the extent that nation-states enter into any regional or international arrangement for their benefit, that is their business. But US will not deal with any such organizations, or trade-treaties that come in the shape of institutions with their own legislative and judiciary powers. Trump is just dispensing with hypocrisy. US has sold billions of dollars worth of weapons, but a president elect cannot take a phone call from Taiwan? Trump said that we have two issues with China, one is currency valuation and the other intellectual property rights. He is really not yet revealing his cards, but one can be very sure that two things will be on agenda, one is trade deficit, and the other the islands in the Pacific. Trade deficit — will require a delicate negotiations, but China can be very flexible there. In turn, China wants to protect the free navigation through the Malacca Straights, and the whole brouhaha is about this. With US giving up Obama’s aggressive posture, China may be talked into a great deal of flexibility., After all, Obama aggressiveness with the Pivot to Pacific, caused the drama in the first place. Now that the Pivot has no more takers — with Philippines and Vietnam bowing out of the conflict posturing, US has no legs to stand on. And China knows it. That whole circus with the Court of Arbitration was such a fiasco, simply ignored by ASEAN — after UN invested so much political capital to bring it about. Let us not read too much into process. What will HAVE to happen is for Trump and the Republican Congress to stop subsidizing IMPORTS, that destroys domestic production. That will be the most difficult thing to achieve with China, as it still relies on exports to US by US companies in China. The issue is not the one of PROTECTIONISM as it is often being labeled. It is the issue of SUSTAINABILITY, the term banded about, but wholly misunderstood. It is not sustainable to produce food stuffs thousands of miles away from the consumer, if such goods can be produced in the country. And even then, what can be produced locally and regionally makes more sense then managing complex supply chains, spending more energy, polluting the environment, and generally opting for foods that can be processed to withstand the process, rather then those that are healthier. Back to sustainability. Sustainability lies in defining the needs of the localities and regions for the goods to be consumed by the region — and in the process utilize optimally the land, resources, and human capacity. Clearly, what needs to be purchased elsewhere, will be. This is not protectionism, but an ecologically and economically balanced approach to the cycle of production/consumption. As the balance changes, so will the scale tip in favor of either less or more imports. But to view trade ONLY in by one measure, the lowest cost of the unit of produced — excluding all other costs of such trade, is PRIMITIVE. There are many other built in costs to the mindless globalism. It affects the human potential, as it almost eliminates a whole range of human activity from many regions, limiting the education and innovation, while often destroying viability of whole communities. This is why the process of globalism that is viewed ONLY from the prism of trade based on the unit cost of goods, is failing. It does not deliver any quick adjustments to the mindless change, nor it is obvious how to compensate. It is akin to saying that your house should remain open to all that need food and shelter, and will be compensated for by every person being able to do the same. Yet, in reality, while some are urged to keep their doors open, others have found many elegant ways to appear just as open, but define the access to their premises by rules they create. And only some people are allowed to get compensated for the losses in such arrangement, others are supposed to double up on the policy, until they become destitute. Trump will thus have much to do with China, and the end result may be good for China as well. It has already started to develop internal markets, and focusing on the mutually beneficial projects within the Silk Road strategy. It is harmonizing its interests within Eurasian region. But it will take time, and Trump does not have much of it. Some kind of deal will have to be struck, as US will no longer just allow the system to be tilted towards imports. And China will have to adjust, seeking whatever favorable terms it can procure. I think that one must give Trump a bit more time, to see how he intends to pursue Asian policies, past the wreck of Pivot to Pacific. FiendlyNeighbourhoodTerrorist Trump will do enough if he just stops interfering in Syria. ISIS – and even more importantly, al Nusra, which is now a de facto American ally – can be eradicated by Russia, Syria, and Iraq, (along with Hizbollah and Iranian help) as long as America disengages completely. The Saudi Barbarian scumlords and il Duce Erdogan won’t do a thing without American backing – they only supported the jihadi cannibals in Syria all these years in the hope and belief that Killary would continue Obama’s policies when she came to power, if not join in with them to invade Syria. If Trump just withdraws all American help, you’ll see the headchoppers in Riyadh and the monster in Ankara roll over and beg for mercy in two days flat. Mark Thomason The US spent years manufacturing this catastrophe in Syria. To walk away from it now is not the same thing as not doing that in the first place. The sunk costs fallacy remains a fallacy. This is not an argument for more intervention, as in “we’ve come this far.” However, the manner of our leaving much deal with our having been there and done that. We must undo some of our own mistakes, regime change dogam, ISIS, and al Qaeda high on that list. We must take steps now to cut them off from our allies. We must agree with our erstwhile enemies in a peace deal, and that means accepting Assad as lesser evil compared to total insanity. FiendlyNeighbourhoodTerrorist Al Nusra and al Sham are in a fight to the death in Idlib right now. The problem will probably take care of itself. terrytheboxer Speaking of erdogan…. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/12/08/donald-trump-s-huge-conflict-of-interest-in-turkey.html Even before the president-elect has entered office, his projects in Turkey have been the subject of serious controversy, and illustrated how his business ties abroad could be affected by foreign actors. During the presidential campaign, Trump’s proposal for a Muslim ban led Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to call in June for the businessman’s name to be removed from the towers—in essence, threatening the revenue source Trump gets from licensing his name there. But Trump defended Erdogan a month later, saying the U.S. shouldn’t criticize the Turkish strongman for his crackdown after a failed coup—and there has been no mention of taking Trump’s name off the tower since. Elaine Supkis Turkey is now a Russia ally. Since the aborted CIA coup, Erdogan has turned on NATO entirely. Turkey is now doing military actions with Russia openly. TerryTheBoxer “Trump’s proposal for a Muslim ban led Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to call in June for the businessman’s name to be removed from the towers” Look at the month (June) mentioned. Pre-coup. Trying to blame the CIA for Erdogan blackmailing Trump’s business is a bit of a stretch. tom The military/industrial complex will decide Trump’s fate. If he curtails their lucrative government contracts because of a more diplomatic peaceful stance in the world, he is entering JFK territory! Even General(President) Eisenhower warned against the “undue influence” of the MIC in his farewell address to the nation(1960). It’s time to cut out the phony lie-based wars and upgrade not only American infrastructure but also the system of military subcontracting that relies on the lies that fuel American wars of aggression. longlance Don’t Europeans get about 6 weeks paid vacation every year? They are really “suffering”. Ray Shelton One question for Justin… You said, and I quote, ” …isn’t it a bit unseemly for an American President-elect to endorse a candidate for office in a foreign country? It surely would be in bad taste if the situation were reversed.” How come you didn’t find it in bad taste when Putin went out of his way to endorse Trump? I used to admire your insightfulness and have been reading your articles for years with great interest. But this time around, the way you have downplayed Trump’s cluelessness about foreign affairs (abundantly displayed during his campaign), while giving him credit for being so wise on foreign policy, boggles the mind. This guy didn’t even know the difference between the Kurds and the Kuds Force, for cryin out loud! And here you are deifying him before he’s even started. To me it looks like Trump is just flying by the seat of his pants. I will be happy if he succeeds in doing even 10% of the things he talks about. But, unlike you, I prefer to wait until he DEMONSTRATES some foreign policy smarts before putting a halo around his head. Remember, governing is a lot different from campaigning…as any experienced leader will tell you. TheVavil There would be a collective sigh of relief in a large proportion of the population in Europe if the U.S. left NATO and would just stop interfering in our regional politics. Take all your intelligence assets in our press and governments and just fuck off. Europe has been effectively bullied into this ridiculous situation with our neighbours on the continent, precisely because your government is filled with warmongering lunatics and our governments are filled with sniveling idiots who only ask of the US president “how high”. If NATO died it would be a good day for everyone in Europe and the US. The idea that Europeans are freeloading, are being defended by the glorious US against the threat of… the threat of what exactly? A made up threat, manufactured by Washington and it’s poodles in Europe. The reason some NATO member states are not “paying their fair share” is because they see no reason to, there is no threat from Russia to us in Europe. There is a threat to us from US intervention in Europe. For too long there has been a general consensus to “just let them get on with it, let them piss away their money if they want to pretend they are saving western democracy from those pesky Ruskies.” Now the stakes are being raised because someone, or a group of people in the US really, really want a war with Russia, before they die. They don’t like being told they are making foreign policy mistakes. They don’t like being told no. They are not fulfilling their obligations to their foreign paymasters, you know the ones that blew up the Towers, the ones that support ISIS. So please. please, leave NATO, let it die. All it would take is for the US to leave and the whole shitty mess would collapse. Lets call for a proper coalition of the willing and wipe ISIS from the face of the Earth, then maybe we can all turn and look to the Gulf with open eyes. Bianca Yes, but keep in mind that those sniveling idiots are elected by the very same Europeans that have been fully aware that those elites were sniveling while keeping power, screwing their own population, while feeding them garbage information all along. And most actually until today, many still believe their MSM narratives. All Europeans — there are honorable exceptions — from the beginning of the lunacy, post -cold war drunken ball of butchering Yugoslavia — believed the crap. They believed that Serbs, who were butchered in Croatia — were evil, and the head–chopping Bosnian Moslems were victims, and the upstanding Albanian crime gangs — freedom loving democrats. Well, nothing has been solved yet, and the region in controlled chaos. Kosovo as crazy as ever, while NATO from the day of “liberation” of Kosovo, has been paying for guarding Christian monasteries and churches, just the most significant ones — 24/7/365 for years. I would like to see Trump’s face when he sees the bill. And this is in the country that US “liberated”, then gave it independence contrary to UN Resolution 1244, and has defended all its criminality ever since, including paying for a military base there, and God knows how much for annually to prop up the failed state. And the crap never ends, as ISIS has moved into the region like a virus, and spread in Kosovo and Bosnia. Never mind their fancy local names — their cult logic and their Wahhabi sponsors, is what identifies them. This is just one European example. The same with Ukraine. What prompted former German Foreign Minister to show up on the platform on Maidan, to urge the mobs on. What on earth was he, and a large bunch of other European morons doing there? Just because the elected president objected to the terms of European deal — he had to go? And by armed thugs, Europe along with US, sponsored and armed? I know, you can say that there is precious little people can do in the face of EU machine, and NATO machine. And it is TRUE, that starting with Clinton administration — the pressure on Europe has been to follow US orders. And, yes, it is true that European populace is figuring this out — that as great as EU idea may sound on paper, it has become a tool for control of European governments, and that voters have zero decision making control. And even less control over ACCOUNTABILITY of those bureaucrats. While you are justified to be angry with US policies, it is important to remember that European public was part and parcel of allowing its elites to slavishly follow. This may end. Partially because European populace is waking, and partially because these kinds of statements coming from Trump — are rich indeed. US just changes its policy, and the sniveling followers will have to fend for themselves. MvGuy Nice stuff Bianca… You sure got their number… Sure wish someone would tell us taxpayers, How did Afghanistan becum NATO’s whipping boy for the nine 11 op, in which Saudi supplied the pilots AND the financing.. What did Afghanistan supply that Sarasota didn’t…. See madcowprod.com Yeah…. the Euros are an easy mark for those quid pro quo $$$$$$ from Washington… Probaby cleverly arrange by our would’hv been Secretary of State under the almost Clinton Presidency: Victoria Nuland. One more notch on her gun. TheVavil I cannot disagree with a word you have written. I came here (Antiwar.com) in the 90’s looking for some decent info on what was happening in the Balkans, the curtain began to be pulled back for me at that moment. I, honestly do hope that some change is coming. bob balkas Serbia captured by aug ’90 about 27% of croatia without a shot being fired or one serb killed in croatia. About 70% of bosnia was taken without much resistance by panserbs in just a few weeks; while killing some islamists and catholics and expelling about 1mn bosnians. Whole of kosovo was also taken in just one day in ’89. Jonathan Gress It is difficult to determine how much European politicians are free riding off American defense precisely because the US has committed to defending Europe, giving Europe no incentive to provide for its own defense, whether or not Russia is a genuine threat. The US should leave NATO and let Europe fend for itself. Then European leaders will have to be honest and if they really believe they need to defend themselves against Russia, they will have to divert resources from their generous welfare states. Alternatively, maybe they will admit that Russia was never really a threat and will continue to spend the bulk of their tax revenues on welfare rather than defense. Unhiddenness a private Disqus account fuck off Jonathan Gress What? Hank “Iraq should not have been attacked in the first place, all right? It was one of the worst decisions, possibly the worst decision ever made in the history of our country.” “Worst decisions”? What decision? The attack on Iraq was going to happen regardless of the facts and anyone who thinks or speaks otherwise is either trying to cement phony history or is clueless! There was NO reason to attack Iraq and it was obvious to ANYONE who did honest research without “cherry-picking” intelligence for the case to attack! Decision? It was cold calculated mass murder for the benefit of Israel and all those who were responsible should have been tried for war crimes years ago! El Degüello “Oh, the poor babies! Perhaps they need to find a safe space in which to park themselves for the next four-to-eight years.” Somebody please send these whiners a case of diaper pins. bob balkas Underrated, overmaligned, overfeared, overhated, undermined Trump gonna be a very busy man. Working 12 hours a day, there will be no time for golf or talking to press/media. Can you believe that? A president fearless of media, congress, Merkel but careless about Montenegro, Moldava, Mauritania, Mozambique… Mork I only hope he shows a thicker skin when dealing in foreign policy then he has when people Stateside criticize him and he feels the need to take to Twitter in order to complain. This particular arena is the only one where I’ll give Trump any credence whatsoever, foreign policy re: NATO, and about funding questionable groups in the ME. And don’t forget Eisenhower was only able to warn us about the impending MIC because he nurtured it in its nascent years. How many regime changes did the CIA at least try to pull off from ’52 through ’60? Sarastro92 So far so good. But in confirmation hearings his cabinet often repudiated Trump’s policy suggestions… Hetro Amidst the TDS (Justin’s trump derangement syndrome) from a) the Neocon Establishment and b) the Hysterical Left, is how Trump has changed (matured?) since the campaign. Is decent leadership, to some extent, emerging? At least there is this chance versus blanket demonizing. We will have to see if his plutocracy is better or worse than the previous just ousted. terrytheboxer Dont worry , trump has surrounded himself with THE BEST PEOPLE!!! When President-elect Donald J. Trump offered Rick Perry the job of energy secretary five weeks ago, Mr. Perry gladly accepted, believing he was taking on a role as a global ambassador for the American oil and gas industry that he had long championed in his home state. In the days after, Mr. Perry, the former Texas governor, discovered that he would be no such thing — that in fact, if confirmed by the Senate, he would become the steward of a vast national security complex he knew almost nothing about, caring for the most fearsome weapons on the planet, the United States’ nuclear arsenal. Two-thirds of the agency’s annual $30 billion budget is devoted to maintaining, refurbishing and keeping safe the nation’s nuclear stockpile; thwarting nuclear proliferation; cleaning up and rebuilding an aging constellation of nuclear production facilities; and overseeing national laboratories that are considered the crown jewels of government science. “If you asked him on that first day he said yes, he would have said, ‘I want to be an advocate for energy,’” said Michael McKenna, a Republican energy lobbyist who advised Mr. Perry’s 2016 presidential campaign and worked on the Trump transition’s Energy Department team in its early days. “If you asked him now, he’d say, ‘I’m serious about the challenges facing the nuclear complex.’ It’s been a learning curve.” Mr. Perry, who once called for the elimination of the Energy Department, will begin the confirmation process Thursday with a hearing before the Senate Energy Committee. If approved by the Senate, he will take over from a secretary, Ernest J. Moniz, who was chairman of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology physics department and directed the linear accelerator at M.I.T.’s Laboratory for Nuclear Science. Before Mr. Moniz, the job belonged to Steven Chu, a physicist who won a Nobel Prize. PhantomPlanet That the deep state would act with such desperation is not surprising — their fortunes are tied to a permanent state of war or preparations for war. But I am constantly appalled by my colleagues’ hysterical Russia-Trump-baiting (I work at a university). These are people who see themselves as smart, “high information” voters, and yet they zealously regurgitate every Orwellian piece of claptrap that the MSM throws at them. Their hatred and fear of Trump is so great, they have made themselves into the crudest sort of McCarthyite caricatures, who seem to prefer the prospect of WWIII over a President Trump. Mark Thomason “constantly appalled by my colleagues’ hysterical Russia-Trump-baiting” They really believed they had it in the bag, a 95% chance of winning. The shock was profound. They also believed their own campaign talk, of Trump as monster so Hillary is automatically lesser evil and the only choice. The combination has produced as especially virulent case of the Stages of Grief. Denial = illegitimate, popular vote count. Anger = Russia is coming and he’s insane. Bargaining = recounts, re-running the election, lobbying the Electoral College, and now impeachment We are a long way from the end of that process, but it will end more quickly once Trump is in office and outrage porn is howling at the moon rather than lobbying the current Administration to do something last minute. TerryTheBoxer Oh yeah, Trump is really sticking it to the MIC! What with the coming increase in military spending https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=trump+military+budget …and then there’s this… Donald Trump plans on displaying the United States military’s strength when he becomes president by having troops march in parades. “Being a great president has to do with a lot of things, but one of them is being a great cheerleader for the country,” Trump told the Washington Post in an interview published Wednesday morning. “And we’re going to show the people as we build up our military, we’re going to display our military.” “That military may come marching down Pennsylvania Avenue. That military may be flying over New York City and Washington, D.C., for parades. I mean, we’re going to be showing our military,” he continued. Trump made the comments while talking about his campaign and its slogan, “Make America Great Again.” He revealed an option for a slogan for his 2020 re-election campaign to the Washington Post. Mark Thomason Yes. All exactly as I see it. In addition, enraging those foreigners could be a first step to changing from the mistakes of the neocons and liberal interventionists of W and Hillary. Germany has reduced its Army to one division, and that one has no spare parts or training funds, its vehicles being largely unserviceable. Germany’s air force is no better. The UK is little better, nor is France. The rest of NATO never had much anyway. The US liked being dominant, confident it could do it alone. Those countries found that good enough, if not ideal. They don’t want to hear the truth, not in the US DC Bubble, and not in the EU. Personally, I think US engagement in NATO helps ensure no European wars are possible among NATO powers, who in the recent past have behaved with frank insanity. I think it also helps keep unity in other matters, in the same way the UN was *meant to* encourage cooperation. I don’t think picking fights with Russia or expanding NATO serves those purposes, but having it at all is still useful in the old way of “keeping the US in, Russia out, and Germany down.” Pingback: Trump the Disruptor | IowaDawg's Very Own Blawg() comrade hermit Here we go again. Another Trump love letter straight from the pages of Tiger Beat. All cherry picking and wishful thinking. You don’t seem have even noticed that you included a quote where Trump praises NATO- “NATO is very important to me.” Spoken like a real isolationist, and you didn’t even address this hypocrisy within your delusional interpretation of Trump. Did you even notice it when you typed it? This isn’t even good propaganda! Trump loves NATO and war. He admits it! He just wan’ts to save a few bucks by making our Euro-flunkies pony up more cash for the slaughter. Jesus Christ, Justin, your too good of a journalist to keep writing this schlock. It’s downright depressing. terrytheboxer CUI BONO? keep that in mind when reading any commentator. Esp ones who rely on funding to keep their websites afloat. wars r u.s. We had a choice between bad and worse and we choose bad. No matter how bad worse was, bad doesn’t get any better because of it. Pingback: Trump the Disruptor by — Antiwar.com | MurraySabrin.com() Unhiddenness financing extensive welfare programs for their own citizens It’s funny how isolationist, non-interventionist American patriots like Raimondo think they can tell the government of Poland what they can do with their own money. Scratch the surface of a Libertarian hard enough and you’ll find an authoritarian, deep down inside. Dave Sullivan The heart of a con, get your victims to project their desires onto whatever BS you gotta spew to make it so. Your leader doesn’t even know what was in his own company lease agreement at a deposition. You think he’s got a bead on the ME? Trump does know a little, like he needs a big war to mask the BS and get reelected. Look to him to give the farm to Russians so they back off when Trump attacks Iran. eric OK Ok Iraq should have not been attack in the first place . But maybe Syria , Libya And Yugoslavia should have not been attacked either Advertise on Antiwar.com Trump’s First Big Mistake Taking the Long View Trump Against the World Chelsea Manning, A Heroine for Our Times An Inauguration Day Surprise? Full archives Justin Raimondo is the editorial director of Antiwar.com, and a senior fellow at the Randolph Bourne Institute. He is a contributing editor at The American Conservative, and writes a monthly column for Chronicles. He is the author of Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement [Center for Libertarian Studies, 1993; Intercollegiate Studies Institute, 2000], and An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard [Prometheus Books, 2000]. Search Antiwar.com Copyright © Antiwar.com 2017 Highlights Breaking News
Login | Contact Login About Us Classifieds Hotels Booking Matrimony Archives Photos Videos Entertainment Featured India NRI Sports World Gulf Overseas Careers Travel & Tourism Overseas Careers Special 3:07 pm » India, UAE Ink 14 Pacts In Key Areas Like Defence, Security 9:22 am » Mohamed bin Zayed waters tree planted by late Shaikh Zayed 3:01 pm » UAE Crown Prince arrives in India for Republic day, talks to be held with PM Modi tomorrow 11:26 am » We fully support India in countering terror: UAE 9:55 am » Five UAE officials among 56 killed in Afghanistan bombings Australia Says Suspended MH370 Search Could Resume In Future Published on Jan 18 2017 - - World - - SYDNEY: The Australian government said on Wednesday it was not ruling out a future underwater search for a missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet as families of those on board criticised the decision to suspend the hunt after three fruitless years. The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world’s greatest aviation mysteries since the plane, a Boeing 777, disappeared in 2014 en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board. “I don’t rule out a future underwater search by any stretch,” Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester told reporters in Melbourne, a day after Australia, Malaysia and China officially called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean. The search cost around A$200 million ($150 million), mostly paid by Malaysia, and has already been extended twice. But the three countries involved have been reluctant to keep looking without new evidence about the plane’s final resting place. A recommendation from investigators last month to look to the north of the 120,000 sq km (46,000 sq mile) area that has been the focus of search efforts was rejected by Australia and Malaysia as too imprecise. Chester said cost had not been the determining factor to halt the search, but he said restarting it would require “credible new information which leads to a specific location”. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Wednesday expressed “deep regret” that the plane had not been found, but reaffirmed the agreement between Malaysia, Australia and China to stop looking. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment. NO CLUES Flight MH370 lost contact over the Gulf of Thailand in the early hours of March 8, 2014. Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite contacts suggested someone on board may have deliberately switched off the plane’s transponder before diverting it thousands of kilometres out over the Indian Ocean. Since the crash, there have been competing theories over whether the plane was hijacked and whether it was under the control of anyone when it finally ran out of fuel. The head of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which led the hunt for the plane, said authorities are confident it is not in the area that has been searched. ATSB chief commissioner Greg Hood said “residual search activity,” including satellite and drift analysis would continue until the end of February. But quitting the underwater search drew a swift and angry reaction from relatives of those on board, who had called for the project to be expanded. In China, Jiang Hui, whose mother was also on board the flight, said he felt “disappointed, helpless and angry” because the search had been ended. There was also anger on social media at the news. “Didn’t they say they would never end the search? What the hell happened?” wrote one user on China’s Twitter-like Weibo service. The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off Tanzania. As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and on beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane. © Thomson Reuters 2017 Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) Translate News in your own Language » Search for: Recent Posts Demonetisation, GST to fetch more revenues to govt: FM Arun Jaitley Molestation case: President Mukherjee accepts Meghalaya governor V Shanmuganathan’s resignation Tamil Nadu CM Panneerselvam blames anti-social elements for infiltrating pro-jallikattu protests Punjab Election 2017: Rahul Gandhi’s decent speech sounded mediocre; blame it on Narendra Modi Mallya-Diageo deal: Sebi may order additional payouts for small investors Recent Comments Categories Entertainment Expat Ride Featured Gulf Hyderabad India NRI Overseas Careers Special Sports Travel & Tourism Uncategorized Women World Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org >> << Entertainment Oscar nomination overwhelming for Dev Patel Dil in mushkil, Karan Johar says alvida to Pakistani actors Gaata Rahe Mera Dil……. Birthday Special – Lata Mangeshkar If banning actors can stop terrorism, government should do it: Varun Navjot Singh Sidhu has already quit The Kapil Sharma Show. Here’s the reason Amitabh Bachchan stays awake till family’s women return home MS Dhoni’ a tale of hard work and success: Sushant Proud of Indian roots, says Miss Japan Sultan’ is the most gripping film of Salman Khan’s career, says father Salim Khan Would like to start a family, can’t give up everything: Kareena on Hollywood Copyright © 2011 YaHind.Com – NRIs Portal Powered by Yahind Infotech.
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Australia Says Suspended MH370 Search Could Resume In Future World | Reuters | Updated: January 18, 2017 09:04 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS The search cost around $150 million mostly paid by Malaysia (Representational) Sydney:  The Australian government said on Wednesday it was not ruling out a future underwater search for a missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet as families of those on board criticised the decision to suspend the hunt after three fruitless years. The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries since the plane, a Boeing 777, disappeared in 2014 en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board. "I don't rule out a future underwater search by any stretch," Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester told reporters in Melbourne, a day after Australia, Malaysia and China officially called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean. The search cost around A$200 million ($150 million), mostly paid by Malaysia, and has already been extended twice. But the three countries involved have been reluctant to keep looking without new evidence about the plane's final resting place. A recommendation from investigators last month to look to the north of the 120,000 sq km (46,000 sq mile) area that has been the focus of search efforts was rejected by Australia and Malaysia as too imprecise. Chester said cost had not been the determining factor to halt the search, but he said restarting it would require "credible new information which leads to a specific location". Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Wednesday expressed "deep regret" that the plane had not been found, but reaffirmed the agreement between Malaysia, Australia and China to stop looking. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment. NO CLUES Flight MH370 lost contact over the Gulf of Thailand in the early hours of March 8, 2014. Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite contacts suggested someone on board may have deliberately switched off the plane's transponder before diverting it thousands of kilometres out over the Indian Ocean. Since the crash, there have been competing theories over whether the plane was hijacked and whether it was under the control of anyone when it finally ran out of fuel. The head of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which led the hunt for the plane, said authorities are confident it is not in the area that has been searched. ATSB chief commissioner Greg Hood said "residual search activity," including satellite and drift analysis would continue until the end of February. But quitting the underwater search drew a swift and angry reaction from relatives of those on board, who had called for the project to be expanded. In China, Jiang Hui, whose mother was also on board the flight, said he felt "disappointed, helpless and angry" because the search had been ended. There was also anger on social media at the news. "Didn't they say they would never end the search? What the hell happened?" wrote one user on China's Twitter-like Weibo service. The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off Tanzania. As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and on beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane. © Thomson Reuters 2017 (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Profit: How Jio, Free Calls And Mukesh Ambani May Change India's Telecom Forever Movies: Here's Why SRK's Raees Is Performing Better Than Hrithik's Kaabil Sports: Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Williams Sisters Turn Back The Clock Related It's Getting Harder For A Plane To Vanish And Not Be Found Malaysia To Reward Any Private Firm That Finds Flight MH370 Fuselage Search For Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Finally Called Off With Mystery Unsolved A First Look At The Path NASA Astronauts Will Walk When The U.S. Launches Humans Into Space Again A First Look At The Path NASA Astronauts Will Walk When The U.S. Launches Humans Into Space Again Share this story on ALSO READRepublic Day 2017: NSG Commandos Steal The Show At Parade In Delhi's Rajpath Australian governmentMalaysia Airlinesmissing Malaysia Airlinesfuture underwater searchsuspend searchMalaysia Airlines flight MH370 crashFlight MH370 ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive ScoreRaeesKaabilBudget 2017 ................................ Advertisement ................................ Sanjay Leela Bhansali Slapped On Padmavati Set By Rajput Protesters After Complex Math, BJP Didn't Have Candidates For 150 UP Seats Opinion: In Modi Embracing UAE Crown Prince At Plane, Crucial Signals President Trump's First 7 Days Of False Claims And Exaggerations RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Nation & World January 17, 2017 10:09 PM Pence promises big investment in infrastructure President-elect Donald Trump shakes hands with Martin Luther King III, son of Martin Luther King Jr. at Trump Tower in New York, Monday, Jan. 16, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Martin Luther King III, son of Martin Luther King Jr. speaks to members of the media following a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York, Monday, Jan. 16, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo FILE - In this Jan. 13, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump speaks with reporters in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York. Trump has offered views on U.S. relations with Asia that could indicate radical shifts in long-standing policy toward the region. From opposing free trade agreements to confronting China and questioning Japan-South Korea alliances, he appears set to be charting a course far different from previous administrations. Evan Vucci, File AP Photo Eric Trump, son of President-elect Donald Trump, left, arrives at Trump Tower in New York, Monday, Jan. 16, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Hope Hicks, press secretary for President-elect Donald Trump's campaign, arrives at Trump Tower in New York, Monday, Jan. 16, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo The inaugural parade presidential reviewing stand on Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House, Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017, is nearly completed in preparation for the 58th presidential inauguration, on Friday, Jan. 20. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg speaks to members of the media after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg speaks to members of the media after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Lara Yunaska, wife of Eric Trump, son of President-elect Donald Trump, walks into Ivanka Trump Collection store in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg speaks to members of the media after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg, center, departs after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Andrew Harnik AP Photo Vice President-elect Mike Pence walks through the halls of Russell Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Carolyn Kaster AP Photo President-elect Donald Trump, left, stands with Vice President-elect Mike Pence during the presidential inaugural Chairman's Global Dinner, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo 1 of 13 i By JONATHAN LEMIRE and CATHERINE LUCEY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK Vice President-elect Mike Pence pledged to a group of mayors that the Trump administration will make a serious investment in infrastructure, and he told diplomats that Trump and his incoming team share "a commitment to engage with all of the world." Speaking Tuesday to a meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, Pence said President-elect Donald Trump told him to pass on that "we're going to do an infrastructure bill, and it's going to be big." Trump, who consistently lamented the state of American bridges, roads and airports while campaigning, has promised to invest $1 trillion in transportation and infrastructure spending, though he has provided few details. Pence also said the new administration will work with cities as partners. He looked ahead to Friday's inauguration, saying it will mark "the dawn of a new era for our country, it's an era of growth and opportunity and renewed greatness for America." Trump also made his first trip to Washington in weeks on Tuesday, as his inauguration festivities approach. Trump flew in for a black-tie dinner honoring Tom Barrack, his longtime friend and head of the Inauguration Committee. The Chairman's Global Dinner drew nearly 150 diplomats and ambassadors, well-heeled donors, soon-to-be White House staffers and Cabinet picks. "We have great respect for your countries. We have great respect for our world," Trump told the group after he was introduced by Pence, who assured that the future president was willing to engage with the world, despite his "America First" mantra. "I'm not sure that the national media here in America completely understands the president-elect. I can assure you that the world will," Pence said, adding that Trump "will be a president who puts America first, but we will work every day with nations around the world to advance the peace and prosperity of our allies and our friends across the world." The president-elect is expected to return to New York after the dinner. He'll make his final trip to Washington on Thursday to attend a concert at the Lincoln Memorial and stay, as is custom for incoming presidents, at Blair House, the presidential guest quarters, the night before he's sworn in. In New York on Tuesday, Trump met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg. Trump has criticized the cost of Boeing's Air Force One program. "We made some great progress to refine requirements for Air Force One, to streamline the process, to streamline certain features, all of that will lead to a better airplane at a lower cost," Muilenberg said after the meeting. He said Trump "is doing a good job as an agent of business" and added that more conversations would be forthcoming. He did not set a timeline on settling on a final price tag. Trump's comments on Twitter and to news organizations threatened to overshadow the pomp and circumstance of Friday's inauguration. On Tuesday, the president-elect continued his attacks on Rep. John Lewis, whom he berated Saturday for challenging his legitimacy to be the next president. Trump said that the veteran African-American congressman from Georgia had wrongly claimed that it would be the first inauguration he's missed since 1987. "WRONG (or lie!)" Trump tweeted. "He boycotted Bush 43 also because he 'thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president.' Sound familiar!" Lewis' office on Tuesday confirmed that the civil rights icon had missed George W. Bush's 2001 swearing-in, saying it was also a form of dissent. Trump has been widely criticized for the comments and more than 40 House Democrats plan to boycott his inauguration. Trump had sought to ease friction Monday, meeting with a son of Martin Luther King Jr. Asked about the boycott on a phone call with reporters, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said they would "love for every member of Congress to attend but if they don't, we've got some great seats for others to partake in. It's a shame that these folks don't want to be part of the peaceful transfer of power." White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the boycott was a "reflection of the division" in the country. Trump also put GOP lawmakers on the defensive Tuesday over their tax plan, after he called their approach "too complicated" in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. At issue is a proposal called "border adjustment" that would tax imports to the U.S. while exempting exports. It's part of a sweeping planned rewrite of the U.S. tax code aimed at lowering overall rates on corporations from 35 percent to 20 percent. "Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don't love it," Trump said. Trump also appeared to outline a different health care goal than many Republicans over the weekend. During interviews with The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal, Trump said that after the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, he'll offer "insurance for everybody." Congressional Republicans have been careful to say that they want to provide "universal access." European Union nations bracing for Trump's ascension showed defiance Monday in the face of the president-elect's stinging comments on everything from NATO and German cars to the crumbling of the European Union. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said the Trump's view that NATO was obsolete and his criticism that European allied members aren't paying their fair share had "caused astonishment." Also this week, Trump's picks for Cabinet posts continue their trek to Capitol Hill to win support from lawmakers considering their confirmation for Cabinet positions. On Tuesday, Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke of Montana made his case to be interior secretary. And Betsy DeVos, Trump's pick for education secretary, has a confirmation hearing Tuesday evening. --- Associated Press writers Julie Pace and Jill Colvin in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:06 Former minister says he fears murder if extradited back to Colombia Pause 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 1:57 Group fights to preserve Miami's Little Havana section 2:11 Protesters erupt at downtown government center in Miami 0:37 Protestors demand entry to a sealed-off lobby at Miami-Dade's County Hall 0:42 Are you up for the Challenge? 1:09 Cargo shipment from Cuba arrives at Port Everglades 0:36 Naika Venant's mother: I have to bury my baby Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 42 minutes ago Colombia retires bomb-sniffing dog with full honors 0:51 42 minutes ago Colombia retires bomb-sniffing dog with full honors 2:04 an hour ago Haiti's President-elect Jovenel Moise talks about his love for Les Cayes 1:01 8 hours ago Watch snow blower clear 10 feet of Sierra snow piled up on road in 1 minute View more video Nation & World Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Colombia retires bomb-sniffing dog with full honors Haiti's President-elect Jovenel Moise talks about his love for Les Cayes It’s a Carnival turf war in Haiti, with the president-elect vs. the mayor Trump may find he’s facing a master negotiator in talks with Mexico Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
EN BM 中文 தமிழ் News Videos VOX Sign in Expiry date: Renew subscription Edit profile Sign out Subscribe Advertise Latest Kini Roundup KiniGuide Malaysians Kini Yoursay Opinions Letters Kini Lens Popular Tags Australia says suspended MH370 search could resume in future mh370 comments     Tom Westbrook, Reuters     Published 2017-01-18 11:09:00     Updated 2017-01-18 12:20:10 Tom Westbrook, Reuters More The Australian government said today it was not ruling out a future underwater search for a missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet as families of those on board criticized the decision to suspend the hunt after three fruitless years. The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries since the plane, a Boeing 777, disappeared in 2014 en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board. "I don't rule out a future underwater search by any stretch," Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester told reporters in Melbourne, a day after Australia, Malaysia and China officially called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean. The search cost around A$200 million (US$150 million), mostly paid by Malaysia, and has already been extended twice. But the three countries involved have been reluctant to keep looking without new evidence about the plane's final resting place. A recommendation from investigators last month to look to the north of the 120,000 sq km area that has been the focus of search efforts was rejected by Australia and Malaysia as too imprecise. Chester said cost had not been the determining factor to halt the search, but he said restarting it would require "credible new information which leads to a specific location". Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull today expressed "deep regret" that the plane had not been found, but reaffirmed the agreement between Malaysia, Australia and China to stop looking. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment. No clues Flight MH370 lost contact over the Gulf of Thailand in the early hours of March 8, 2014. Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite contacts suggested someone on board may have deliberately switched off the plane's transponder before diverting it thousands of kilometres out over the Indian Ocean. Since the crash, there have been competing theories over whether the plane was hijacked and whether it was under the control of anyone when it finally ran out of fuel. The head of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which led the hunt for the plane, said authorities are confident it is not in the area that has been searched. ATSB chief commissioner Greg Hood said "residual search activity," including satellite and drift analysis would continue until the end of February. But quitting the underwater search drew a swift and angry reaction from relatives of those on board, who had called for the project to be expanded. In China, Jiang Hui, whose mother was also on board the flight, said he felt "disappointed, helpless and angry" because the search had been ended. The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off Tanzania. As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and on beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane. - Reuters For more news and views that matter, subscribe and support independent media for only RM0.36 sen a day: Subscribe now mh370 Most Read Most Read Most Commented VOX KINI Related Reports mh370 'Underwater search' for MH370 suspended 2017-01-17 14:25:00 Investigators recommend extending search for missing MH370 2016-12-20 10:32:00 Investigators begin final sweep of MH370 search area 2016-12-14 17:44:00 Chinese families lose appeal to stay court proceedings in MH370 lawsuit 2016-12-09 16:02:00 Frustrated relatives scour Madagascar beach for MH370 clues 2016-12-09 08:52:00 Mkini Dotcom Sdn. Bhd. Contact Us Digital Network Career Products Awards @Kini +603-7770 0000 - General +603-7770 0017 - Subscription +603-7770 0002 - Editorial +603-2788 4539 [email protected] Location No. 9, Jalan 51/205A, Off Jalan Tandang 46050 Petaling Jaya, Selangor View in Google Map RSS Feeds News   Opinions   Letters Digital network KiniTV VOX FG Media Manage4me KiniBooks Undi.info Campuskini Scholarships Citizen Journalism Job Vacancies Internship Malaysiakini welcomes applications for internships in the Mkini Group including Malaysiakini, KiniTV, FG Media and others. Learn more Product Chrome Extension Daily News Digest WhatsApp Broadcast Telegram Broadcast SMS News Alert RSS News Opinions Letters View Mobile Site Awards 4As Malaysia Putra Brand Award 2015, 2014, 2010 SOPA Investigative Reporting Award 2015 NPC Online Journalist of the Year 2014, 2011 World Bloggers and Social Media Awards 2014 YouTube Silver Play Button 2013 National Sovereignty Medal 2013 Human Rights Award 2012 4As Media Personality Award 2012, 2010 Asiaweek 50 Most Influential Communicators 2001 Free Media Pioneer Award 2001 Businessweek 50 Stars of Asia 2001 Press Freedom Award 2000 50 Movers & Shakers of the New Economy 2000 International Press Freedom Award 2000 Malaysiakini news and views that matter About Malaysiakini Advertise with us EN BM 中文 Malaysiakini news and views that matter News Videos VOX Live Reporting Elections About us Advertise with us Internship with us Sign in Subscribe Sign out Expiry: Just In Sign In Subscribe Now Forgot Password? Email Support
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C Phiyega challenges Claassen Inquiry’s findings – report Local African states consider mass withdrawal from war crimes court World Trump wants good relationship with Russia, May says sanctions should stay World [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell Local Stronger rand shielded consumers from higher fuel price hike - economists Local Police question Netanyahu for third time in criminal case World Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations - official World Popular Topics US President Donald Trump Donald Trump African National Congress President Jacob Zuma View all in Latest Rafa Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Sport Ponting predicts Australia will struggle in India Sport It's Williams vs Williams in Australia Sport [OPINION] The cherry picking by AB de Villiers Opinion United edge past spirited Hull to reach League Cup final Sport Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Sport Blind cricketer: Representing SA is my dream Local Popular Topics Australian Open Proteas Rafa Nadal Roger Federer View all in Sport [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell Local Mariah Carey: Songwriting is very healing Lifestyle Shifting gears to driverless Business ANC urges SA to reflect on Lundi Tyamara’s contribution to music Local Madonna to adopt twins? Lifestyle Sun Met organisers aim to bring back fashion glitz & glamour Lifestyle Thandie Newton says she’s told her children about abuse ordeal Lifestyle [OPINION] Confessions of a confused capitalist Lifestyle Zuma sends condolences to Lundi Tyamara’s family Local Mbeki praises Thandi Klaasen for 'outstanding service' to South Africans Local View all in Lifestyle #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report Local Draft SABC report: Muthambi, affected parties given 2 weeks to respond Local ANC: DA’s walk out of SABC inquiry unfortunate Politics DA slams exclusion of recommendations in draft SABC report Local Analysts: Will Dlamini-Zuma win the confidence of her alliance back home? Local City of Joburg: ANC administration didn't probe wasteful expenditure Politics DA to hand evidence of alleged corruption against Phahlane to Ipid Local Popular Topics African National Congress African National Congress ANC Sihle Bolani Paid Twitter debacle View all in Politics [OPINION] The first step to Africa’s prosperity – saving children’s lives World [OPINION] The cherry picking by AB de Villiers Opinion [OPINION] Erdogan on a mission to win over allies World [OPINION] What Ford SA should’ve done to protect its reputation Business [OPINION] Obama could have done more for Africa World [OPINION] Five things I learned from Davos 2017 Business [OPINION] Gambia serves as African success story World Popular Topics World Economic Forum Davos Donald Trump Global economy View all in Opinion [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local SA's worst wasters: The 20 most wasteful municipalities Local [LIVE BLOG] #USElections2016: Trump wins race for White House World View all in Features Stronger rand shielded consumers from higher fuel price hike - economists Local Shifting gears to driverless Business #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report Local Zimbabwe’s CZI to push for adoption of rand Business Fuel price increase announced Local Former VW CEO 'may have known of cheating sooner' Business Stats SA announces changes to consumer price index basket Business Popular Topics World Economic Forum Eskom National Union of Mineworkers Davos View all in Business Video [WATCH] Songs & celebrations: Thandi Klaasen's final farewell [WATCH] Presidential lip reading [WATCH] Cricket's blind ambition Audio [LISTEN] Here’s how your kids can learn for free online & get airtime [LISTEN] Organisations raise concerns about Fica Bill [LISTEN] How to empower children against underage drinking Infographics It's Williams vs Williams in Australia In the words of the 45th US president The bones of contention around Donald Trump Cartoons [CARTOON] Comradely banter [CARTOON] Fabricating words [CARTOON] Said the communist to the capitalist... View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Sat 24°C 14°C Sun 26°C 14°C Mon 24°C 16°C Tue 25°C 16°C Wed 26°C 15°C Thu 25°C 15°C Sat 23°C 16°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 22°C 16°C Tue 25°C 14°C Wed 26°C 16°C Thu 25°C 17°C Sat 25°C 15°C Sun 28°C 13°C Mon 26°C 18°C Tue 28°C 18°C Wed 28°C 16°C Thu 27°C 16°C Sat 26°C 13°C Sun 28°C 10°C Mon 28°C 16°C Tue 25°C 17°C Wed 28°C 17°C Thu 28°C 14°C Sat 27°C 22°C Sun 26°C 22°C Mon 29°C 22°C Tue 27°C 23°C Wed 28°C 22°C Thu 28°C 23°C Sat 21°C 16°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 20°C 16°C Tue 21°C 15°C Wed 22°C 15°C Thu 22°C 18°C Sat 24°C 12°C Sun 25°C 13°C Mon 24°C 14°C Tue 29°C 13°C Wed 29°C 15°C Thu 30°C 15°C Sat 21°C 15°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 20°C 14°C Tue 23°C 14°C Wed 24°C 15°C Thu 25°C 16°C Sat 28°C 17°C Sun 29°C 15°C Mon 27°C 19°C Tue 27°C 18°C Wed 27°C 18°C Thu 28°C 16°C Sat 27°C 12°C Sun 31°C 12°C Mon 33°C 15°C Tue 30°C 18°C Wed 31°C 17°C Thu 32°C 20°C Sat 29°C 17°C Sun 26°C 18°C Mon 28°C 18°C Tue 26°C 18°C Wed 28°C 15°C Thu 29°C 15°C Sat 21°C 13°C Sun 23°C 11°C Mon 19°C 14°C Tue 21°C 13°C Wed 22°C 14°C Thu 21°C 16°C Go Australia says suspended MH370 search could resume in future The deep-sea search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 ended on Tuesday without any trace being found of the plane. FILE: Wing Commander Rob Shearer looks through binoculars on the flight deck of a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft searching for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370. Picture: AFP. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Flight MH370 disappeared Flight MH370 Email Print Tweet Share Reuters | 10 days ago SYDNEY - The Australian government said on Wednesday it was not ruling out a future underwater search for a missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet as families of those on board criticised the decision to suspend the hunt after three fruitless years. The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries since the plane, a Boeing 777, disappeared in 2014 en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board. "I don't rule out a future underwater search by any stretch," Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester told reporters in Melbourne, a day after Australia, Malaysia and China officially called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean. The search cost around A$200 million ($150 million), mostly paid by Malaysia, and has already been extended twice. But the three countries involved have been reluctant to keep looking without new evidence about the plane's final resting place. A recommendation from investigators last month to look to the north of the 120,000 sq km area that has been the focus of search efforts was rejected by Australia and Malaysia as too imprecise. Chester said cost had not been the determining factor to halt the search, but he said restarting it would require "credible new information which leads to a specific location". Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Wednesday expressed "deep regret" that the plane had not been found, but reaffirmed the agreement between Malaysia, Australia and China to stop looking. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment. NO CLUES Flight MH370 lost contact over the Gulf of Thailand in the early hours of 8 March 2014. Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite contacts suggested someone on board may have deliberately switched off the plane's transponder before diverting it thousands of kilometers out over the Indian Ocean. Since the crash, there have been competing theories over whether the plane was hijacked and whether it was under the control of anyone when it finally ran out of fuel. The head of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which led the hunt for the plane, said authorities are confident it is not in the area that has been searched. ATSB chief commissioner Greg Hood said "residual search activity," including satellite and drift analysis would continue until the end of February. But quitting the underwater search drew a swift and angry reaction from relatives of those on board, who had called for the project to be expanded. In China, Jiang Hui, whose mother was also on board the flight, said he felt "disappointed, helpless and angry" because the search had been ended. The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off Tanzania. As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and on beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane. Timeline Families of MH370 victims to urge Malaysian govt to resume search 6 days ago Australia, China, Malaysia suspend underwater search for MH370 11 days ago Malaysia says search for missing MH370 to end in two weeks 22 days ago Investigators recommend extending search for missing Mh370 flight 39 days ago More in World African states consider mass withdrawal from war crimes court 7 hours ago Trump wants good relationship with Russia, May says sanctions should stay 7 hours ago Police question Netanyahu for third time in criminal case 9 hours ago Trump to halt refugee flow from some Muslim-majority nations - official 9 hours ago EU pushes to break deadlock on migration 9 hours ago AU Summit an opportunity for AfDB to reaffirm AU partnership 10 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM Trending on EWN #RandReport: Rand falls on cabinet reshuffle report ANC: DA’s walk out of SABC inquiry unfortunate Phiyega challenges Claassen Inquiry’s findings – report ‘Lundi Tyamara went through a lot in his time’ Zimbabwe’s CZI to push for adoption of rand Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Entertainment Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Australia says suspended MH370 search could resume in future Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 2:37pm IST Australia says suspended MH370 search could resume in future left right FILE PHOTO: A crew member aboard a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft is pictured alongside handwritten notes of other search craft in the area, during a search for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean, March 29, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo 1/5 left right FILE PHOTO Squadron leader Brett McKenzie marks the name of another search aircraft on the windshield of a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft searching for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean March 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo 2/5 left right FILE PHOTO Handwritten notes on how a crew member should report the sighting of debris in the southern Indian Ocean is pictured on a window aboard a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft searching for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, March 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo 3/5 left right Flight officer Rayan Gharazeddine looks out of a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) AP-3C Orion as it flies over the southern Indian Ocean during the search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 March 22, 2014. REUTERS/Rob Griffith/Pool/File Photo 4/5 left right A family member of a passenger aboard Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 which went missing in 2014 reacts during a protest outside the Chinese foreign ministry in Beijing, July 29, 2016. The hat reads 'Pray for MH370' REUTERS/Thomas Peter/Files 5/5 By Tom Westbrook | SYDNEY SYDNEY Australia said on Wednesday it was not ruling out a future underwater search for a missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet as families of those on board criticised the decision to suspend the hunt after three fruitless years. The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries since the plane, a Boeing 777, disappeared in 2014 en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board. "I don't rule out a future underwater search by any stretch," Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester told reporters in Melbourne, a day after Australia, Malaysia and China called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean. The search cost about A$200 million ($150 million), mostly paid by Malaysia, and had already been extended twice. But the three countries involved have been reluctant to keep looking without new evidence about the plane's final resting place. A recommendation from investigators last month to look to the north of the 120,000 sq km (46,000 sq mile) area that has been the focus of search efforts was rejected by Australia and Malaysia as too imprecise. Chester said cost had not been the determining factor to halt the search, but he said restarting it would require "credible new information which leads to a specific location". Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Wednesday expressed "deep regret" that the plane had not been found, but reaffirmed the agreement between Malaysia, Australia and China to stop looking. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment. NO CLUES Flight MH370 lost contact over the Gulf of Thailand in the early hours of March 8, 2014. Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite contacts suggested someone on board may have deliberately switched off the plane's transponder before diverting it thousands of kilometres out over the Indian Ocean. Since the crash, there have been competing theories over whether the plane was hijacked and whether it was under the control of anyone when it finally ran out of fuel. The head of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which led the hunt, said authorities were confident it was not in the area that has been searched. ATSB chief commissioner Greg Hood said "residual search activity", including satellite and drift analysis would continue until the end of February. But quitting the underwater search drew a swift and angry reaction from relatives of those on board, who had called for the hunt to be expanded. Most of the passengers were from China. About 30 relatives of victims gathered at a monthly meeting with Malaysian Airlines officials in Beijing on Wednesday to protest against the end of the search. Relatives told Reuters the airline invited four representatives to go to Malaysia and discuss the decision but they had rejected the offer. Dan Shuqin, 63, whose sister was on the flight, said authorities had been "playing tricks" for three years. "Can four family members speak for all 140 family members?" she asked. Instead, the relatives called for Malaysian authorities to hold a meeting with the families in China. An airline spokeswoman said its Post Accident Office was in constant contact with family members, but did not give any further details. On Tuesday, Jiang Hui, whose mother was on board the flight, told Reuters he felt "disappointed, helpless and angry" because the search had been ended. There was also anger on social media at the news. "Didn't they say they would never end the search? What the hell happened?" wrote one user on China's Weibo service. The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off Tanzania. As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and on beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane. ($1 = 1.3250 Australian dollars) (Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Lincoln Feast, Robert Birsel) Next In Top News India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget MUMBAI Investors in India are bracing for higher taxes and fewer incentives from the government's annual budget on Feb. 1 as the focus shifts to wringing out revenues to finance giveaways and higher public investment. Factbox: Measures expected from India's annual budget that could impact markets MUMBAI Investors in India are bracing for higher taxes and less incentives from the government's annual budget to be unveiled on Feb. 1 as the focus shifts to wringing out revenues to finance giveaways and higher public investment to support the economy. Death toll in Kashmir avalanches climbs to 19 SRINAGAR, India The death toll in avalanches in the heavily militarised Himalayan region of Kashmir has risen to 19 after the bodies of four more Indian soldiers were recovered on Friday, army and police officials said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Australia says suspended MH370 search could resume in future Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 2:37pm IST Australia says suspended MH370 search could resume in future left right FILE PHOTO: A crew member aboard a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft is pictured alongside handwritten notes of other search craft in the area, during a search for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean, March 29, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo 1/5 left right FILE PHOTO Squadron leader Brett McKenzie marks the name of another search aircraft on the windshield of a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft searching for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean March 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo 2/5 left right FILE PHOTO Handwritten notes on how a crew member should report the sighting of debris in the southern Indian Ocean is pictured on a window aboard a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft searching for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, March 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo 3/5 left right Flight officer Rayan Gharazeddine looks out of a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) AP-3C Orion as it flies over the southern Indian Ocean during the search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 March 22, 2014. REUTERS/Rob Griffith/Pool/File Photo 4/5 left right A family member of a passenger aboard Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 which went missing in 2014 reacts during a protest outside the Chinese foreign ministry in Beijing, July 29, 2016. The hat reads 'Pray for MH370' REUTERS/Thomas Peter/Files 5/5 By Tom Westbrook | SYDNEY SYDNEY Australia said on Wednesday it was not ruling out a future underwater search for a missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet as families of those on board criticised the decision to suspend the hunt after three fruitless years. The location of Flight MH370 has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries since the plane, a Boeing 777, disappeared in 2014 en route to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board. "I don't rule out a future underwater search by any stretch," Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester told reporters in Melbourne, a day after Australia, Malaysia and China called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean. The search cost about A$200 million ($150 million), mostly paid by Malaysia, and had already been extended twice. But the three countries involved have been reluctant to keep looking without new evidence about the plane's final resting place. A recommendation from investigators last month to look to the north of the 120,000 sq km (46,000 sq mile) area that has been the focus of search efforts was rejected by Australia and Malaysia as too imprecise. Chester said cost had not been the determining factor to halt the search, but he said restarting it would require "credible new information which leads to a specific location". Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Wednesday expressed "deep regret" that the plane had not been found, but reaffirmed the agreement between Malaysia, Australia and China to stop looking. Boeing did not immediately respond to requests for comment. NO CLUES Flight MH370 lost contact over the Gulf of Thailand in the early hours of March 8, 2014. Subsequent analysis of radar and satellite contacts suggested someone on board may have deliberately switched off the plane's transponder before diverting it thousands of kilometres out over the Indian Ocean. Since the crash, there have been competing theories over whether the plane was hijacked and whether it was under the control of anyone when it finally ran out of fuel. The head of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which led the hunt, said authorities were confident it was not in the area that has been searched. ATSB chief commissioner Greg Hood said "residual search activity", including satellite and drift analysis would continue until the end of February. But quitting the underwater search drew a swift and angry reaction from relatives of those on board, who had called for the hunt to be expanded. Most of the passengers were from China. About 30 relatives of victims gathered at a monthly meeting with Malaysian Airlines officials in Beijing on Wednesday to protest against the end of the search. Relatives told Reuters the airline invited four representatives to go to Malaysia and discuss the decision but they had rejected the offer. Dan Shuqin, 63, whose sister was on the flight, said authorities had been "playing tricks" for three years. "Can four family members speak for all 140 family members?" she asked. Instead, the relatives called for Malaysian authorities to hold a meeting with the families in China. An airline spokeswoman said its Post Accident Office was in constant contact with family members, but did not give any further details. On Tuesday, Jiang Hui, whose mother was on board the flight, told Reuters he felt "disappointed, helpless and angry" because the search had been ended. There was also anger on social media at the news. "Didn't they say they would never end the search? What the hell happened?" wrote one user on China's Weibo service. The only confirmed traces of the plane have been three pieces of debris found washed up on the island country Mauritius, the French island Reunion and an island off Tanzania. As many as 30 other pieces of wreckage found there and on beaches in Mozambique, Tanzania and South Africa are suspected to have come from the plane. ($1 = 1.3250 Australian dollars) (Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Lincoln Feast, Robert Birsel) Next In Top News India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget MUMBAI Investors in India are bracing for higher taxes and fewer incentives from the government's annual budget on Feb. 1 as the focus shifts to wringing out revenues to finance giveaways and higher public investment. Factbox: Measures expected from India's annual budget that could impact markets MUMBAI Investors in India are bracing for higher taxes and less incentives from the government's annual budget to be unveiled on Feb. 1 as the focus shifts to wringing out revenues to finance giveaways and higher public investment to support the economy. Death toll in Kashmir avalanches climbs to 19 SRINAGAR, India The death toll in avalanches in the heavily militarised Himalayan region of Kashmir has risen to 19 after the bodies of four more Indian soldiers were recovered on Friday, army and police officials said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  Feature Futures: Trading cubicles for VR - the future of the office by Nicole Kobie  |  Wednesday 18 January 2017  | Comment Now Tech firms are leading the way in reworking office spaces. Nicole Kobie reveals what you can expect from the workplace of the future. Temperature bubbles that follow you from meeting to meeting, wireless docking for easy hot-desking, smart conference rooms that know who to dial in – such offices of the future may sound a tad more appealing than the current trend for open-plan designs with no privacy or personalisation.  For a glimpse of the future, look to the tech giants and startups: they’ve led the field when it comes to fun yet functional office space. Google’s Zurich office has a slide and massage room; Facebook’s Menlo Park headquarters includes a vending machine with free tech parts; and Apple is famously building a huge spaceship campus in its hometown of Cupertino. Even young startups have foosball tables and beer fridges to encourage staff to work for them.  As much fun as slides can be, most of us office drudges would settle for workspaces that don’t feel decades behind the rest of our lives. If any available technology lets us get the job done, rather than getting in the way, all the better. “While most employees are happy in their jobs, the technology capabilities of the workplace itself are becoming increasingly important to job satisfaction and personal happiness,” noted Neil Marshall, client solutions director for Dell. Virtual colleagues  According to Dell research, six in ten office workers around the world want AI – think chatbots – to work alongside them, because “they feel they could make their jobs easier”. A similar number believe augmented reality and virtual reality would be useful for training and problem-solving.  “For example, engineers will be able to leverage high-powered VR environments to design and interact with their work in a 3D workspace, and colleagues will be able to leverage VR and AR for training and meetings,” Marshall predicted, suggesting engineers would have full VR “caves” to explore their designs, while office workers would talk to overseas colleagues as though they’re across the desk via AR goggles.  “It sounds like science fiction, but it’s closer than you think,” he said, rattling off a string of VR partners including FedEx, Ford and Boeing. “From data analysis to training, VR has huge possibilities in the workplace.”  Internet of (office) things Cheaper, ubiquitous sensors will make it easier to monitor the office environment, and make it more comfortable (see “A desk that works for you”, opposite). “Technologies such as environmental sensors can help monitor and control lighting, heat, air conditioning, and other ambient controls based on presence or even the number of people in a given space,” predicted Alex Cho, vice president and general manager of commercial PCs at HP.  Displays, too, will move from your desktop to everywhere. “As devices become smaller, the need for a screen will still exist,” added Cho. “Walls, windows, and desktops could turn into instant, interactive displays for work.” Just be sure not to accidentally put up Candy Crush on your office’s windows when you’re having a bit of a break. Seamless working Building smarter offices is not all about future tech, but how existing systems are pulled together into “seamless computing”, said Dell’s Marshall. “Access to information will become ubiquitous, removing the concerns about how and where to access Wi-Fi and what data is stored locally and what is stored in the cloud,” he predicted. “Networking is just one part of resolving the office tangle. We’ll see a host of new wireless technologies become commonplace – such as wireless charging, displays and I/O.” Cho agreed, predicting a rise in flexible workspaces, already popularised by tech giants and startups. “Devices will become more seamless and contextual,” he added. “Users will be able to move from space to space, from one device to another – such as smartphone to notebook to tablet – fluidly, regardless of the operating system.”   He particularly hopes this happens with conferencing technologies. “When I walk into a meeting room, I want my PC to automatically recognise where I am and connect to available devices in the room for a presentation as well as connecting remote participants,” he said, noting that HP’s internal research shows that on average it takes 12 minutes to start a meeting. “Also, I’d like to automatically digitise any content that I may be writing on the whiteboard and email [it] to all meeting participants as part of the meeting notes.”  Do we even need offices?  Those meetings may become less frequent – a future many of us would welcome. Marshall said that the Dell report predicted that 60% of younger workers believe that communications technologies will make face-to-face meetings rare. That said, such a prediction has often been made of videoconferencing, yet in-person meetings persist.   “There are many different types of workers and creating a future-ready workplace is about optimising all of their experiences,” Marshall said. “A future-ready workplace has to appeal to those who need specialised tools and those who enjoy working from their own desk, too.” Cho added that while mobile working “is the norm and will only continue to grow” – with HP’s own research suggesting that 60% of office workers work in more than one location – he doesn’t “think we’ll see the office going away anytime in the future”. It may be mobile, virtual or filled with artificial intelligence, and even feature a slide or two, but the office will always remain as somewhere we go to do our work.  Related Articles 80% of IoT devices not tested for security flaws, says Ponemon Institute Can smart meters be blown up? We'll let you decide.... Google, HTC, Oculus, Samsung, Sony team up to create the Global VR Association Workplace is Facebook's answer to Slack Review: Oculus Touch gets you hands on in virtual worlds Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia Pty Ltd Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  cubicles  |  iot  |  virtual reality  |  workplace   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Stick or Switch: should PS4 and Xbox gamers buy Nintendo's new console?     Swearing on Facebook? It's a testament to your character     Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running, says Gartner     7 things you need to know about Nokia's new Android phones     Asus announces ROG GR8 II VR-ready PC   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Australia’s privacy laws gutted in court ruling on what is ‘personal information’ << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Atomic fragments running amok: time to take IPv6 security seriously? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS A user's guide to surviving Trump << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Giuliani and top Trump White House officials hacked, passwords leaked << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Anonymous threatens Donald Trump. Again << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Old fashioned DDoS attack planned to protest Trump's inauguration << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Sweden trials ambulances that jam other drivers’ speakers << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS 28 hours to hack happiness << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Julian Assange promises US extradition in light of Chelsea Manning clemency << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The world’s most prolific national grid hackers have nothing on squirrels << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Celebrate Australia Day by finding out just where you come from Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that? Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How an Australian startup plans to take on Uber How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Microsoft's mission to migrate 90% of internal IT to the Azure cloud Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple Alibaba hires Australian channel boss out of VMware The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 TechnologyOne could lose $122m Brisbane city deal BHP Billiton to double permanent IT workforce Vodafone pushes to curb future NBN Co 'bad behaviour' Avaya files for bankruptcy 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Government & Politics January 17, 2017 11:00 PM Donald Trump waits in his tower, accessible yet isolated facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:41 Trump discusses his hour-long phone call with Mexico's president Pause 3:30 Union pride and the 'right to work' in Missouri 1:43 Kansas City Royals speak following Yordano Ventura memorial 11:36 Jesse Newell and Gary Bedore preview Kansas-Kentucky game 1:08 Missouri Right to Life holds annual prayer vigil 2:26 Claire Ryann, 4, and dad sing 'You've Got a Friend In Me' 3:39 How the AFC West was won: Chiefs had talent, brains, guts and luck 1:06 Families react to life sentence for Anthony Walker in triple murder 2:03 Cafe Europa opens Union Hill location 1:41 Royals catcher Salvador Perez speaks at Yordano Ventura's funeral Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Rapper Kanye West made an appearance in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York on Dec. 13, 2016. He did not talk to reporters before hopping on the elevator, but when he came back into the lobby, President-elect Donald Trump was with him. The musician, who was recently hospitalized, has shown support for Donald Trump at multiple concerts after the election. White House Press Pool President-elect Donald Trump boards an evaluator at Trump Tower in Manattan. Since the election, Trump has rarely ventured outside his comfort zone, staying at places he owns and avoiding public appearances. Yet he can be easily reached by cellphone or by Twitter. Hillary Swift The New York Times 1 of 2 i By Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK Exactly one week after becoming president-elect, Donald Trump stepped outside his namesake fortress here for the first time. He ventured just five blocks, to dinner at the 21 Club — a dark-mahogany-and-red-leather-banquette throwback, where model airplanes and sports memorabilia hang from the ceiling and jackets are de rigueur for men. The vintage haunt, where Trump dined with family members, feels like home. The waiters know his preferred table (No. 14, where Frank Sinatra and Richard Nixon once ate) and his regular order (the $36 burger, well done, with fries). So it has been for the president-elect, who has retreated to one comfortable, familiar refuge after another — his Manhattan tower, his white leather-upholstered Boeing jet, his lush golf courses, his opulent beachside castle. Trump is a man isolated, increasingly cosseted away from the voters who lifted him to his seemingly improbable victory. He favors his own people and his own places, creating the veneer of accessibility — his tweets reach millions and he still answers his cellphone — while placing himself in almost entirely habitual settings. He spends most of his days in Trump Tower, with few close friends and few meaningful one-on-one interactions beyond the family members, advisers and loyalists who are whisked by gold elevator to his 26th-floor office for private audiences. Trump rarely leaves, not even for a breath of fresh air; nor does he encounter many people he does not already know or who do not work for him. Yet Trump remains omnipresent in American life, constantly communicating with the public via Twitter and media interviews without the varnish of news releases or the protection of handlers. Whether it is Meryl Streep’s remarks about him or the question of Russian hacking, no topic is too mundane or charged for him to lend his voice to it. And he answers his personal cellphone, something that acquaintances and colleagues speak of in almost reverential terms. As he prepares to enter the White House, Trump is resisting his advisers’ efforts to take away his cellphone or at least restrict his use of it, said one person close to him, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to reveal details of private conversations. They worry about national security; he worries about losing touch. When Sen. Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican, needs to reach Trump, the Foreign Relations Committee chairman does not have to go through an aide or schedule a meeting. He said he simply dials Trump’s cellphone directly, and the president-elect answers, even though Corker’s number registers as “No Caller ID.” “I’ve never seen anything relative to access like this. Unbelievable,” Corker told reporters recently. “I don’t think there’s likely been a White House like this, maybe ever, but certainly in modern history.” In many ways, Trump seems most comfortable communicating at a slight remove, with a stage or a screen — television, Twitter, phone — serving as the intermediary between him and the public. Such tools are both his megaphone and his shield, allowing him to blast out a message undiluted with little risk. “He sees the power of mass communication, which goes through screens, and he recognizes its importance,” said Christopher Ruddy, a Trump friend and the chief executive of the website Newsmax Media. “He’s clearly studied the art of it and developed an online and TV persona that’s very powerful. If you look, he’s very much impressed by people who are on TV or come across well on TV, because he thinks it’s such critical marketing.” Trump has shunned some of the traditional photo ops that his predecessors have orchestrated to demonstrate compassion and forge a connection with everyday Americans. He spent Veterans Day in November not laying a wreath at a memorial site, as President-elect Barack Obama did in 2008 to pay tribute to fallen soldiers, but staying inside Trump Tower, even though New York’s historical parade was marching right outside along Fifth Avenue. On Thanksgiving and Christmas, he celebrated in private with family members and friends, making no public appearances at military bases or homeless shelters or soup kitchens. “A lot of what you see by previous presidents are platitudes: ‘I’m going to go and pretend I’m supportive of a particular entity and serve food at a soup kitchen,’ “ said Corey Lewandowski, a former campaign manager of Trump’s. “Donald Trump wants to bring jobs back so we don’t have soup kitchens. He has not been a person to do staged events for the sake of doing staged events.” Trump’s duality — his wariness of those not in his trusted orbit, yet his insatiable desire for constant contact and feedback — has posed challenges for his advisers and could ultimately leave him detached from everyday voters. He does not use email and rarely surfs the Internet, meaning that telephone calls, television appearances or physical proximity are the best ways to reach him. As his three successive campaign managers quickly learned, whoever controls the flow of information to Trump controls the man — at least as much as he can be contained. Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker who was a trusted campaign adviser to Trump, said he expects the new president’s relationship with Congress to be a mix of salesmanship and accessibility. “Trump will be a larger figure who’s more aloof and more distant, but whose weight and effectiveness is so great he will clearly be a dominating figure,” Gingrich said. “He’ll bounce back and forth between the two worlds. When he comes into the congressional world, he’ll be very effective on the personal level.” But, Gingrich added, “On another level he’ll be very distant and you’ll see him by tweet and you’ll see him on ‘Fox and Friends.’ ” Trump’s distance, friends say, stems in part from a certain insularity, with the developer turned politician preferring his own properties, stocked with his own people. Ruddy, who is a member of the private Mar-a-Lago club and whose Newsmax is based in West Palm Beach, Fla., said he has lived in the area for two decades, yet he can count on one hand the number of times he has seen Trump outside of his private Florida retreats. “He’s an old-shoe type of guy — he likes to be in his comfort zone, which are his golf clubs and his homes,” Ruddy said. “He likes people he’s comfortable with and likes, and if he doesn’t feel comfortable around you, he’s not going to be inviting you around.” Trump has only gone out to eat a few times since the election — twice to the 21 Club and once to Jean Georges at the Trump International Hotel & Tower, where the president-elect dined over frog legs and prime sirloin with adversary-turned-job-applicant Mitt Romney. For Trump, like Obama, the links — whether at Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, N.J., or Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., near his beloved Mar-a-Lago — are personal sanctuaries. In either place, he is most at ease. He wears boxy “Make America Great Again” caps and open-collar shirts, unwinding with friends over rounds in the morning and then retreating to the clubhouses for casual lunches. “He’s always playing golf courses that bear his name,” sportswriter Michael Bamberger said. “The golf cart has his name on it. The water bottle has his name on it. If the course is crowded, groups will move to the side for him … When he gets to the dining room, the waitress is right there. Membership has its privileges, but ownership has a lot more privileges.” Bamberger, who has closely studied Trump’s golf habits for years, said the president-elect is deeply knowledgeable about the sport and plays it well. And he uses his time at the golf course to forge bonds and size people up. “He’s a very social creature, a gregarious creature, and golf gives him an opportunity to do that,” he said. One of Trump’s preferred methods of charming, however, is the telephone, which he uses to receive advice and pepper his callers with questions well into the night. Roger J. Stone Jr., a longtime adviser to Trump, likened him to a mix of former presidents Lyndon B. Johnson (with his ability to woo and cajole) and Nixon (with his late-night tendencies). “He is like LBJ,” Stone said. “He loves the telephone. He loves calling people. He really does have a very good manner with people. He can be very likable on the phone.” As Trump hurries to solidify his Cabinet, he has been known to call his nominees unprompted just to check in, asking which senators he ought to lobby to help them win confirmation. “Who do you need me to call? Who do I need to call?” Trump asked one nominee, according to someone familiar with the conversation. Rex Tillerson, Trump’s choice for secretary of state, cited his prospective boss’s almost constant availability during his Senate confirmation hearing when asked how he would handle an impromptu Trump tweet that undermines his own diplomatic efforts. “I have his cellphone number,” the ExxonMobil chief said. “And he’s promised me he’ll answer.” “And he does,” added Tillerson. Related content Donald Trump on Kanye West at Trump Tower: He's a good man LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Government & Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:41 Trump discusses his hour-long phone call with Mexico's president Pause 3:30 Union pride and the 'right to work' in Missouri 1:43 Kansas City Royals speak following Yordano Ventura memorial 11:36 Jesse Newell and Gary Bedore preview Kansas-Kentucky game 1:08 Missouri Right to Life holds annual prayer vigil 2:26 Claire Ryann, 4, and dad sing 'You've Got a Friend In Me' 3:39 How the AFC West was won: Chiefs had talent, brains, guts and luck 1:06 Families react to life sentence for Anthony Walker in triple murder 2:03 Cafe Europa opens Union Hill location 1:41 Royals catcher Salvador Perez speaks at Yordano Ventura's funeral Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Trump on canceled meeting with Mexico's president 0:26 a day ago Trump on canceled meeting with Mexico's president 1:41 3 hours ago Trump discusses his hour-long phone call with Mexico's president 2:29 20 hours ago Mexico President Peña Nieto rejects U.S. decision to build wall View more video Government & Politics Missouri Gov. Greitens refusing to disclose details of donations for inauguration Capitol notebook: Up with Uber, right to work; KanCare getting intensive care Trump signs ‘new vetting measures’ to guard against ‘radical Islamic terrorists’ KC anti-abortion demonstrators gather in solidarity with D.C. March for Life Missouri weighs change in job discrimination law Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Jan 27, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Nation Planes clip wings on airport tarmac; no injuries reported ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 17, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — An American Airlines plane has clipped another plane with its wingtip while backing up at New York’s LaGuardia Airport. No injuries were reported in the incident, which happened Tuesday at Terminal B. A spokesman for Fort Worth, Texas-based American Airlines Group Inc. says the Boeing 737 was pushing back from its gate when it struck a wing of an American Eagle aircraft operated by Republic Airlines. Spokesman Ross Feinstein says the Miami-bound passengers on the Boeing jet were placed on a different aircraft. Passengers on the American Eagle aircraft had disembarked before the mishap. Feinstein apologizes and says no flights were canceled. Related Items New York City , new york , Queens , Fort Worth , texas , united states , north america Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks NA Scuffle Trump Startup Lahore Raees Cricket Print Story X Print Story Home / world / Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs | By  AAFP | January 18, 2017 World 0 0 Related Stories Springsteen tribute band pulls out of Trump inauguration bash Meet the Trumps: America's new first family WASHINGTON: Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: jobs. Since the real estate developer´s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan´s SoftBank, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and Amazon with a headline-grabbing promise to create 100,000 jobs. The latest additions to the growing list: Wal-Mart announced Tuesday it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs, General Motors announced $1 billion in new US investments and pledged to create 5,000 new jobs. Trump -- who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda -- has been quick to take credit. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ´big stuff, ´" he tweeted on Tuesday. Trump last month denounced the $4 billion price tag on the next presidential plane, which is currently under development, threatened to cancel the order unless the price came down. Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of the aviation giant Boeing, visited Trump Tower in Manhattan on Tuesday, telling reporters he and Trump were "on the same page" about the cost and value of the jet. The president-elect´s message appears to be resonating. - ´Phony election polls´ - Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it is likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll released the same day. But this confidence in Trump´s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Barack Obama´s successor. Trump is half as popular as Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. "The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before," he said on Twitter. - Democrats boycott - The president-elect was to leave Trump Tower for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are underway. On Sunday, organizers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on the capital, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with George W. Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman Lewis made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing Lewis´s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was "all talk talk talk -- no actions or results." 0 0 Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs was posted in world of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on January 18, 2017 and was last updated on January 18, 2017. This news story is related to President-elect Trump, Us Election, Approval Rating Us, World, World News, Geo, Geo News. Permanent link to the news story "Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/127753-Trump-to-take-office-with-dismal-ratings-except-on-jobs. More From World: January 28, 2017 Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport January 28, 2017 It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev January 28, 2017 Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump January 28, 2017 Trump orders ´great rebuilding´ of US military January 28, 2017 Malala heartbroken as Trump signs order for tighter vetting of refugees January 28, 2017 Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change January 28, 2017 New US UN envoy warns allies: back us or we´ll take names January 28, 2017 Trump signs executive orders to weed out 'extremist Muslims' Latest News 11 minutes ago FDA finds toxic substance in homeopathic teething products, warns against usage 12 minutes ago Suspect gun down in a shootout: Karachi Police 25 minutes ago Filming begins on first Marvel superhero flick with black lead actor 1 hour ago Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport 1 hour ago US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 1 hour ago It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Word on the street: Vancouver’s Main Street among the best Charge upgraded to first-degree murder in Vancouver shooting Park cleanup continues after severe wintry weather   Clark County stage 2 burn ban lifting Kidnapping charge dropped against Vancouver man Battle Ground man pleads guilty to burglary, animal cruelty Point in time: Workers count Clark County’s homeless Status of road near La Center focus of lawsuit Get ready for new area code, other calling changes Evergreen district adjusts due to snow days Point in time: Workers count Clark County’s homeless Before sunrise on Thursday, Jamie Spinelli and Thomas Eaton headed into the woods in search of the homeless. The caseworkers… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines 360Preps Podcast No. 1: What’s the deal with basketball RPI? Washington lawmakers look for ways to bring back Sonics High school scoreboard 1/27 Boys basketball: Hockinson 71, Washougal 57 Boys basketball: Mark Morris 61, Columbia River 51 Girls basketball: Stevenson 52, Seton Catholic 41 Pac-12 Basketball: Oregon extends record streak to 17 Mariners GM’s favorite pitch: Changeup Girls basketball: Columbia-White Salmon 50, King’s Way Christian 43 Boys Basketball: Three Rivers Christian 53, Firm Foundation 45 Late coach still inspires Columbia River bowlers Cheers, traditions and wisdom of Dana Blair live on in players Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Energy companies lead stocks lower Trump’s Mexico exports tax raises eyebrows in Asia Jeld-Wen prices IPO at $23 a share, stock jumps Retreat lets Port of C-W brainstorm waterfront project Mobile orders cause Starbucks traffic jams Economic growth slowed in Q4, but there’s hope ahead Riverview Bancorp earns $2 million in third quarter Word on the street: Vancouver’s Main Street among the best Singletary: Time to lighten your paper overload Port of Kalama beefs up ecological mitigation plan Mobile orders cause Starbucks traffic jams Starbucks Corp.’s much-ballyhooed mobile-ordering system has brought a painful side effect to the coffee giant: traffic jams at the pickup… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Allman Brothers’ drummer Butch Trucks dies at 69 Clark College Jazz Festival jumps into full swing Fans cry censorship over ‘Bachelor’ break New on DVD: ‘Inferno’ take Hanks into flames A chilling look at ‘Slenderman’ case Family at heart of Anderson’s ‘Baskets’ Aziz Ansari gets political on ‘SNL’ Continuing Alzheimer’s battle TV Q&A: ‘Hot Bench’ judge focuses on practice Unpublished Writers Day gathering offers workshops, seminars Clark College Jazz Festival jumps into full swing It’s before dawn at Battle Ground High School, where the campuses’ three jazz bands are already rehearsing, and man, theses… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Approve School Bond Robinson: Time for Democrats to harness marches’ momentum Letter: Trump is not the answer Letter: Vote ‘yes’ on Vancouver bond Letter: Support well-rounded education Letter: Destruction is not productive Letter: Trump can thank Electoral College Letter: Common sense is lacking In Our View: Put Muscle in Prevention Cepeda: In picking a college, look beyond ‘bright’ advertising Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 22-28 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: At the end of an impressive journey Neighborhoods, city team to keep traffic from racing through streets Convenience store, tax service team up for food drive Tukes Valley Middle Schoolers throw pies at teachers for good behavior Innovative Services NW receive grant for updated kits Community Foundation hands out more than $476,000 to students Harvest of the Month brings kale to students Little league seeks help with snow damage Bank organizes winter drive for shelters Friends of the Carpenter receives grant money for services Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Pence: Infrastructure key priority for Trump By JONATHAN LEMIRE and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 6:11 PM A   A NEW YORK — Vice President-elect Mike Pence is pledging to a group of mayors that the Trump administration will make a serious investment in infrastructure. Speaking Tuesday to a meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors, Pence said President-elect Donald Trump told him to pass on that “we’re going to do an infrastructure bill and it’s going to be big.” Trump, who consistently lamented the state of American bridges, roads and airports on the campaign trail, has promised to invest $1 trillion in transportation and infrastructure spending, though he has provided few details. Pence also said the new administration will work with cities as partners. He looked ahead to Friday’s inauguration, saying it will mark “the dawn of a new era for our country, it’s an era of growth and opportunity and renewed greatness for America.” Trump was set to make his first Washington trip in weeks Tuesday, as his inauguration festivities approach. Trump planned to fly in for a dinner honoring Tom Barrack, his longtime friend and head of the Inauguration Committee. The president-elect will return to New York after the dinner. He’ll make his final trip to Washington on Thursday to attend a concert at the Lincoln Memorial and to stay, as is custom for incoming presidents, at Blair House, the presidential guest quarters, the night before he’s sworn in. In New York on Tuesday, Trump met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg. Trump has criticized the cost of Boeing’s Air Force One program. Trump’s comments on Twitter and to news organizations threatened to overshadow the pomp and circumstance of Friday’s inauguration. Criticizing Lewis On Tuesday, the president-elect continued his attacks on Rep. John Lewis, whom he berated Saturday for challenging his legitimacy to be the next president. Trump said that the veteran African-American congressman from Georgia had wrongly claimed that it would be the first inauguration he’s missed since 1987. “WRONG (or lie!)” Trump tweeted. “He boycotted Bush 43 also because he ‘thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush’s swearing-in. … he doesn’t believe Bush is the true elected president.’ Sound familiar!” Lewis’ office on Tuesday confirmed that the civil rights icon had missed George W. Bush’s 2001 swearing-in, saying it was also a form of dissent. Trump has been widely criticized for the comments. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region Louisiana Politics & Government Donald Trump waits in his tower - accessible yet isolated Posted on January 17, 2017 at 7:26 PM Trump Tower is seen as the sun sets in New York on Jan. 12, 2017. (Washington Post photo byJabin Botsford) The Washington Post NEW YORK - Exactly one week after becoming president-elect, Donald Trump stepped outside his namesake fortress here for the first time. He ventured just five blocks, to dinner at the 21 Club - a dark-mahogany-and-red-leather-banquette throwback, where model airplanes and sports memorabilia hang from the ceiling, and jackets are de rigueur for men. The vintage haunt, where Trump dined with family members, feels like home. The waiters know his preferred table (No. 14, which Frank Sinatra and Richard M. Nixon also used) and his regular order (the $36 burger, well done, with fries). So it has been for the president-elect, who has retreated to one comfortable, familiar refuge after another - his soaring Manhattan tower, his white leather-upholstered Boeing jet, his lush golf courses, his opulent beachside castle. Trump is a man isolated, increasingly cocooned away from the voters who lifted him to his seemingly improbable victory. He favors his own people and his own places, creating the veneer of accessibility - his tweets reach millions, and he still answers his cellphone - while placing himself in almost entirely habitual settings. He spends most of his days in Trump Tower, with few close friends and few meaningful one-on-one interactions beyond the family members, advisers and loyalists who are whisked by gold-colored elevator to his 26th-floor office for private audiences. Trump rarely leaves, not even for a breath of fresh air; nor does he encounter many people he does not already know or who do not work for him. Yet Trump remains omnipresent in American life, constantly communicating with the public via Twitter and media interviews without the varnish of news releases or the protection of handlers. Whether it is Meryl Streep's remarks about him or the question of Russian hacking, no topic is too mundane or charged for him to lend his voice to it. And he answers his personal cellphone, something that acquaintances and colleagues speak of in almost reverential terms. As he prepares to enter the White House, Trump is resisting his advisers' efforts to take away his cellphone or at least restrict his use of it, said one person close to him, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to reveal details of private conversations. They worry about national security; he worries about losing touch. When Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) needs to reach Trump, the Foreign Relations Committee chairman does not have to go through an aide or schedule a meeting. He said he simply dials Trump's cellphone directly, and the president-elect answers, even though Corker's number registers as "No Caller ID." "I've never seen anything relative to access like this. Unbelievable," Corker told reporters recently. "I don't think there's likely been a White House like this, maybe ever, but certainly in modern history." In many ways, Trump seems most comfortable communicating at a slight remove, with a stage or a screen - television, Twitter, phone - serving as the intermediary between him and the public. Such tools are both his megaphone and his shield, allowing him to blast out a message undiluted with little risk. "He sees the power of mass communication, which goes through screens, and he recognizes its importance," said Christopher Ruddy, a Trump friend and the chief executive of the website Newsmax Media. "He's clearly studied the art of it and developed an online and TV persona that's very powerful. If you look, he's very much impressed by people who are on TV or come across well on TV, because he thinks it's such critical marketing." Trump has shunned some of the traditional photo ops that his predecessors have orchestrated to demonstrate compassion and forge a connection with everyday Americans. He spent Veterans Day in November not laying a wreath at a memorial site, as President-elect Barack Obama did in 2008 to pay tribute to fallen soldiers, but staying inside Trump Tower (even though New York's historic parade was marching right outside along Fifth Avenue). On Thanksgiving and Christmas, he celebrated in private with family members and friends, making no public appearances at military bases or homeless shelters or soup kitchens. "A lot of what you see by previous presidents are platitudes: 'I'm going to go and pretend I'm supportive of a particular entity and serve food at a soup kitchen,' " said Corey Lewandowski, a former campaign manager of Trump's. "Donald Trump wants to bring jobs back so we don't have soup kitchens. He has not been a person to do staged events for the sake of doing staged events." Trump's duality - his wariness of those not in his trusted orbit, yet his insatiable desire for constant contact and feedback - has posed challenges for his advisers and could ultimately leave him detached from everyday voters. He does not use email and rarely surfs the Internet, meaning that telephone calls, television appearances or physical proximity are the best ways to reach him. As his three successive campaign managers quickly learned, whoever controls the flow of information to Trump controls the man - at least as much as he can be contained. Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker who was a trusted campaign adviser to Trump, said he expects the new president's relationship with Congress to be a mix of salesmanship and accessibility. "Trump will be a larger figure who's more aloof and more distant but whose weight and effectiveness is so great he will clearly be a dominating figure," Gingrich said. "He'll bounce back and forth between the two worlds. When he comes into the congressional world, he'll be very effective on the personal level." But, Gingrich added, "On another level he'll be very distant, and you'll see him by tweet and you'll see him on 'Fox and Friends.' " Trump's distance, friends say, stems in part from a certain insularity, with the developer turned politician preferring his own properties, stocked with his own people. Ruddy, who is a member of the private Mar-a-Lago club and whose Newsmax is based in West Palm Beach, Fla., said he has lived in the area for two decades, yet he can count on one hand the number of times he has seen Trump outside of his private Florida retreats. "He's an old-shoe type of guy - he likes to be in his comfort zone, which are his golf clubs and his homes," Ruddy said. "He likes people he's comfortable with and likes, and if he doesn't feel comfortable around you, he's not going to be inviting you around." Trump has gone out to eat only a few times since the election - twice to the 21 Club and once to Jean Georges at the Trump International Hotel & Tower, where the president-elect dined on frog legs and prime sirloin with adversary-turned-job-applicant Mitt Romney. For Trump, like President Obama, the links - whether at Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, N.J., or Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., near his beloved Mar-a-Lago - are personal sanctuaries. In either place, he is most at ease. He wears boxy "Make America Great Again" caps and open-collar shirts, unwinding with friends over rounds in the morning and then retreating to the clubhouses for casual lunches. "He's always playing golf courses that bear his name," sportswriter Michael Bamberger said. "The golf cart has his name on it. The water bottle has his name on it. If the course is crowded, groups will move to the side for him. . . . When he gets to the dining room, the waitress is right there. Membership has its privileges, but ownership has a lot more privileges." Bamberger, who has closely studied Trump's golf habits for years, said the president-elect is deeply knowledgeable about the sport and plays it well. And he uses his time at the golf course to forge bonds and size people up. "He's a very social creature, a gregarious creature, and golf gives him an opportunity to do that," he said. One of Trump's preferred methods of charming, however, is the telephone, which he uses to receive advice and pepper his callers with questions well into the night. Roger J. Stone Jr., a longtime adviser to Trump, likened him to a mix of former presidents Lyndon B. Johnson (with his ability to woo and cajole) and Nixon (with his late-night tendencies). "He is like LBJ," Stone said. "He loves the telephone. He loves calling people. He really does have a very good manner with people. He can be very likable on the phone." As Trump hurries to solidify his Cabinet, he has been known to call his nominees unprompted just to check in, asking which senators he ought to lobby to help them win confirmation. "Who do you need me to call? Who do I need to call?" Trump asked one nominee, according to someone familiar with the conversation. Rex Tillerson, Trump's choice for secretary of state, cited his prospective boss's almost constant availability during his Senate confirmation hearing when asked how he would handle an impromptu Trump tweet that undermines his own diplomatic efforts. "I have his cellphone number," the former ExxonMobil chief said. "And he's promised me he'll answer." "And," added Tillerson, "he does." --- Authors Information: Ashley Parker Philip Rucker is a national political correspondent for The Washington Post, where he has reported since 2005. (c) 2017, The Washington Post   About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Donald Trump waits in his tower — accessible yet isolated Tue Jan 17th, 2017 4:44pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Ashley Parker and Philip Rucker The Washington Post NEW YORK — Exactly one week after becoming president-elect, Donald Trump stepped outside his namesake fortress here for the first time. He ventured just five blocks, to dinner at the 21 Club – a dark-mahogany-and-red-leather-banquette throwback, where model airplanes and sports memorabilia hang from the ceiling, and jackets are de rigueur for men. The vintage haunt, where Trump dined with family members, feels like home. The waiters know his preferred table (No. 14, which Frank Sinatra and Richard M. Nixon also used) and his regular order (the $36 burger, well done, with fries). So it has been for the president-elect, who has retreated to one comfortable, familiar refuge after another – his soaring Manhattan tower, his white leather-upholstered Boeing jet, his lush golf courses, his opulent beachside castle. Trump is a man isolated, increasingly cocooned away from the voters who lifted him to his seemingly improbable victory. He favors his own people and his own places, creating the veneer of accessibility – his tweets reach millions, and he still answers his cellphone – while placing himself in almost entirely habitual settings. He spends most of his days in Trump Tower, with few close friends and few meaningful one-on-one interactions beyond the family members, advisers and loyalists who are whisked by gold-colored elevator to his 26th-floor office for private audiences. Trump rarely leaves, not even for a breath of fresh air; nor does he encounter many people he does not already know or who do not work for him. Yet Trump remains omnipresent in American life, constantly communicating with the public via Twitter and media interviews without the varnish of news releases or the protection of handlers. Whether it is Meryl Streep’s remarks about him or the question of Russian hacking, no topic is too mundane or charged for him to lend his voice to it. And he answers his personal cellphone, something that acquaintances and colleagues speak of in almost reverential terms. As he prepares to enter the White House, Trump is resisting his advisers’ efforts to take away his cellphone or at least restrict his use of it, said one person close to him, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to reveal details of private conversations. They worry about national security; he worries about losing touch. When Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) needs to reach Trump, the Foreign Relations Committee chairman does not have to go through an aide or schedule a meeting. He said he simply dials Trump’s cellphone directly, and the president-elect answers, even though Corker’s number registers as “No Caller ID.” “I’ve never seen anything relative to access like this. Unbelievable,” Corker told reporters recently. “I don’t think there’s likely been a White House like this, maybe ever, but certainly in modern history.” In many ways, Trump seems most comfortable communicating at a slight remove, with a stage or a screen – television, Twitter, phone – serving as the intermediary between him and the public. Such tools are both his megaphone and his shield, allowing him to blast out a message undiluted with little risk. “He sees the power of mass communication, which goes through screens, and he recognizes its importance,” said Christopher Ruddy, a Trump friend and the chief executive of the website Newsmax Media. “He’s clearly studied the art of it and developed an online and TV persona that’s very powerful. If you look, he’s very much impressed by people who are on TV or come across well on TV, because he thinks it’s such critical marketing.” Trump has shunned some of the traditional photo ops that his predecessors have orchestrated to demonstrate compassion and forge a connection with everyday Americans. He spent Veterans Day in November not laying a wreath at a memorial site, as President-elect Barack Obama did in 2008 to pay tribute to fallen soldiers, but staying inside Trump Tower (even though New York’s historic parade was marching right outside along Fifth Avenue). On Thanksgiving and Christmas, he celebrated in private with family members and friends, making no public appearances at military bases or homeless shelters or soup kitchens. “A lot of what you see by previous presidents are platitudes: ‘I’m going to go and pretend I’m supportive of a particular entity and serve food at a soup kitchen,’ ” said Corey Lewandowski, a former campaign manager of Trump’s. “Donald Trump wants to bring jobs back so we don’t have soup kitchens. He has not been a person to do staged events for the sake of doing staged events.” Trump’s duality – his wariness of those not in his trusted orbit, yet his insatiable desire for constant contact and feedback – has posed challenges for his advisers and could ultimately leave him detached from everyday voters. He does not use email and rarely surfs the Internet, meaning that telephone calls, television appearances or physical proximity are the best ways to reach him. As his three successive campaign managers quickly learned, whoever controls the flow of information to Trump controls the man – at least as much as he can be contained. Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker who was a trusted campaign adviser to Trump, said he expects the new president’s relationship with Congress to be a mix of salesmanship and accessibility. “Trump will be a larger figure who’s more aloof and more distant but whose weight and effectiveness is so great he will clearly be a dominating figure,” Gingrich said. “He’ll bounce back and forth between the two worlds. When he comes into the congressional world, he’ll be very effective on the personal level.” But, Gingrich added, “On another level he’ll be very distant, and you’ll see him by tweet and you’ll see him on ‘Fox and Friends.’ “ Trump’s distance, friends say, stems in part from a certain insularity, with the developer turned politician preferring his own properties, stocked with his own people. Ruddy, who is a member of the private Mar-a-Lago club and whose Newsmax is based in West Palm Beach, Fla., said he has lived in the area for two decades, yet he can count on one hand the number of times he has seen Trump outside of his private Florida retreats. “He’s an old-shoe type of guy – he likes to be in his comfort zone, which are his golf clubs and his homes,” Ruddy said. “He likes people he’s comfortable with and likes, and if he doesn’t feel comfortable around you, he’s not going to be inviting you around.” Trump has gone out to eat only a few times since the election – twice to the 21 Club and once to Jean Georges at the Trump International Hotel & Tower, where the president-elect dined on frog legs and prime sirloin with adversary-turned-job-applicant Mitt Romney. For Trump, like President Obama, the links – whether at Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, N.J., or Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., near his beloved Mar-a-Lago – are personal sanctuaries. In either place, he is most at ease. He wears boxy “Make America Great Again” caps and open-collar shirts, unwinding with friends over rounds in the morning and then retreating to the clubhouses for casual lunches. “He’s always playing golf courses that bear his name,” sportswriter Michael Bamberger said. “The golf cart has his name on it. The water bottle has his name on it. If the course is crowded, groups will move to the side for him… . When he gets to the dining room, the waitress is right there. Membership has its privileges, but ownership has a lot more privileges.” Bamberger, who has closely studied Trump’s golf habits for years, said the president-elect is deeply knowledgeable about the sport and plays it well. And he uses his time at the golf course to forge bonds and size people up. “He’s a very social creature, a gregarious creature, and golf gives him an opportunity to do that,” he said. One of Trump’s preferred methods of charming, however, is the telephone, which he uses to receive advice and pepper his callers with questions well into the night. Roger J. Stone Jr., a longtime adviser to Trump, likened him to a mix of former presidents Lyndon B. Johnson (with his ability to woo and cajole) and Nixon (with his late-night tendencies). “He is like LBJ,” Stone said. “He loves the telephone. He loves calling people. He really does have a very good manner with people. He can be very likable on the phone.” As Trump hurries to solidify his Cabinet, he has been known to call his nominees unprompted just to check in, asking which senators he ought to lobby to help them win confirmation. “Who do you need me to call? Who do I need to call?” Trump asked one nominee, according to someone familiar with the conversation. Rex Tillerson, Trump’s choice for secretary of state, cited his prospective boss’s almost constant availability during his Senate confirmation hearing when asked how he would handle an impromptu Trump tweet that undermines his own diplomatic efforts. “I have his cellphone number,” the former ExxonMobil chief said. “And he’s promised me he’ll answer.” “And,” added Tillerson, “he does.” Most Read Investigation continues into massive Lynnwood blaze LYNNWOOD — It could be weeks before investigators determine what may have… Jan 26th, 2017 by Rikki King and Ian Terry Deputies, neighbors team up to roust squatters near Everett EVERETT — In their own way, the squatters were fairly sophisticated. They… Jan 27th, 2017 by Rikki King Couple taxed, but only part of their land is in transit district SNOHOMISH — Cheryl Carlson was surprised last month to receive a letter… Jan 26th, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 suspects crash stolen car after high-speed chase in Monroe EVERETT — A Gold Bar man allegedly bragged that he reached speeds… Jan 26th, 2017 by Scott North Snohomish High asks students to get smart about trash SNOHOMISH — There was a lot of trash talking at Snohomish High… Jan 26th, 2017 by Eric Stevick © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 45-50 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485567368 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485564971 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 World Colombia and FARC rebels to wage joint fight against coca cultivation 1485547770 World Merkel: Security will be key issue in Germany's 2017 election campaign 1485547328 World One thousand boat migrants rescued, one found dead in Mediterranean 1485544790 Business Citigroup quietly launches small business lending website 1485551901 Business Mexico's Slim not selling New York Times stock: spokesman 1485550810 World Venezuela demands apology over Colombia VP's 'xenophobic' remarks 1485529406 World Austrian coalition talks make slow progress, drag into weekend 1485545316 World Somalia's al Shabaab says kills dozens of Kenyan troops in raid on base 1485546936 World Astronauts and a performing donkey welcome China's new year 1485535577 World U.S.-Mexico crisis deepens as Trump aide floats border tax idea 1485483509 World U.S. Senate Leader McConnell opposes lifting Russia sanctions: Politico 1485551704 World House Speaker Ryan says U.S. sanctions against Russia should stay 1485551049 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 2:43 PM EST/1943 GMT 1485551088 Business J&J loses venue fight for talc lawsuits in Missouri 1485549976 Business Investors upbeat on data, Fed; wary of Trump 1485548803 Business Ex-Jefferies bond trader Litvak guilty on one of 10 fraud counts 1485544747 Americas Trump to take office with dismal ratings - except on jobs President-elect Donald Trump takes questions from reporters at Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York, Jan. 11, 2017. Photo: New York Times mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:15 AM, January 18, 2017 WASHINGTON — Mr Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: Jobs. Since the real estate developer’s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan’s SoftBank, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and Amazon with a headline-grabbing promise to create 100,000 jobs. The latest additions to the growing list: Wal-Mart announced Tuesday (Jan 17) it would invest US$6.8 billion (S$9.6 billion) in the United States and create 10,000 jobs, General Motors announced US$1 billion in new US investments and pledged to create 5,000 new jobs. Mr Trump — who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda — has been quick to take credit. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff’,” he tweeted on Tuesday. Mr Trump last month denounced the US$4 billion price tag on the next presidential plane, which is currently under development, threatened to cancel the order unless the price came down. Mr Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of the aviation giant Boeing, visited Trump Tower in Manhattan on Tuesday, telling reporters he and Mr Trump were “on the same page” about the cost and value of the jet. The president-elect’s message appears to be resonating. ‘PHONY ELECTION POLLS’ Sixty-one per cent of Americans believe it is likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll released the same day. But this confidence in Mr Trump’s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Mr Barack Obama’s successor. Mr Trump is half as popular as Mr Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Mr Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Mr Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before,” he said on Twitter. DEMOCRATS BOYCOTT The president-elect was to leave Trump Tower for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are underway. On Sunday, organisers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Mr Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Mr Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on the capital, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with Mr George W Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman Lewis made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Mr Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Mr Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticising Mr Lewis’s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was “all talk talk talk — no actions or results.” AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worse than loan sharks’, Pua says of 1MDB paying US$993m for US$3.5b bond guarantee ‘World’s longest flight’ lands in Auckland ‘Nazi goreng’ no more: Controversial Indonesian cafe shuts ‘Australia first’ policy embraces trade: Treasurer ‘Asean drug lord’ who supplied drugs to Singapore, Malaysia nabbed ‘1984’ sales soar after ‘alternative facts,’ Trump claims You will not escape us, MACC tells ‘corrupt politicians’ Women protest against Trump on streets of Europe's capitals Women lead unprecedented worldwide mass protests against Trump Woman at center of South Korea scandal shouts out her innocence White House says looks to reschedule meeting with Mexico's president White House says draft interrogation order is not a White House document Inside Today World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN ONLY > Fighter-Launched Micro-Drones Form Swarm You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Fighter-Launched Micro-Drones Form Swarm Jan 17, 2017 AW Staff | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The U.S. Defense Department demonstrated a mission with a swarm of aircraft-launched micro-drones in late 2016, indicates a video released on Jan. 10. The swarm of 103 Perdix mini-UAVs was released from three Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets over China Lake, California, in the October demo staged by the Pentagon’s Strategic Capabilities Office. Developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the Perdix small autonomous UAVs are released from a fighter’s countermeasures ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must be a paid subscriber to access "Fighter-Launched Micro-Drones Form Swarm".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles DOD Video Shows Drone Swarm Demo 9   The Week In Technology, Jan. 16-20, 2017   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Sep 28, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com HPE MRO Technologies A number of new technologies are poised to change the game in aviation maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO). These technologies include highly visible innovations such as...More Oct 7, 2016 Webinar Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study highlights several data points about the aerospace and defense industry and how companies are doing in terms of identifying, hiring and keeping the best talent....More Aug 20, 2016 Video AviationWeek.com Analyst IDC Shares Insights for Securing IP Motivated manufactures working to solve this challenge that impact affordability can find recommendations for how an effective IP management system can avoid non-compliance and security compromises and best practices for integration....More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper A Simple Alternative to Complex-Shape Metal Aircraft Components Compression molded Discontinuous Long Fiber (DLF) composites continue to see successful Aerospace adoption for metal replacement opportunities. There is no question that these thermoplastic composites are a viable non-metallic option for production of complex-shape aircraft components....More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Lean Six Sigma to Reduce Aircraft Turnaround Time and Improve On-Time Performance In the simplest terms, airlines need to maximize the value of their aircraft by increasing profits from time in the air while decreasing the costs and time on the ground. Efficient aircraft ground operations are fundamental to meeting customer service expectations...More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Sep 30, 2015 Sponsored Improving Fleet Performance Sponsored by: Eastman Chemical Company...More Feb 17, 2016 Sponsored Information Management Solutions Sponsored by: Rockwell Collins...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Columbine: 15 Years Later San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Jan 17 2017, 7:12 pm ET Clip-On Tie Holds New Clues About Hijacker D.B. Cooper for Amateur Sleuths by Corky Siemaszko Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed D. B. Cooper search: Scientists say they have new evidence in 45-year-old case 2:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/856312387932" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A clip-on tie binds a group of amateur scientists to a new theory about the infamous D.B. Cooper hijacking case that has stymied investigators for 45 years. The group Citizens Sleuths believes the calculating desperado who took over a Boeing 727 passenger plane on Thanksgiving Eve 1971 may have been an engineer at a plant that supplied metal to the aerospace industry. Their evidence? Exotic metal particles discovered on the cheap tie they believe belonged to the mystery man. An artist made these sketches of the skyjkacker known as Dan Cooper from the recollections of the passengers and crew of an Northwest Airlines jet he hijacked between Portland and Seattle on Thanksgiving eve in 1971. AP "Only engineers and managers in fabrication plants wore ties to work," the group reported on its site. "Cooper's knowledge of the workings of the airplane, the use of the parachute, and his construction of a 'bomb' suggest he may have been an engineer." The new development in the case came six months after the FBI suspended its investigation of the Nov. 24, 1971 hijacking of a Portland, Oregon-to-Seattle flight by a neatly-dressed man who identified himself as Dan Cooper, and who threatened to blow up the plane with a briefcase bomb if a $200,000 ransom wasn't paid. The suspect later escaped with the dough by parachuting from the plane — and has not been seen since, although some of the money was found in 1980. In this undated file photo, a helicopter takes off from search headquarters to scour the area where hijacker Dan Cooper might have parachuted into in Woodland, Wash. AP With the cooperation of the local FBI, the Citizens Sleuths researchers found particles of cerium, strontium sulfide and pure titanium after analyzing the JC Penney tie with an electron microscope. "The titanium particles on the tie was the most dramatic finding in this research," the group reported. "Most other metals would have to be written off as contamination or too common to be of any use. The additional finding that the titanium was not alloyed, allowed further restrictions on where Cooper could have acquired these unusual flecks. Cooper worked at or had access to a plant that used titanium and this fact alone reduces the number of potential suspects from millions down to hundreds." What they haven't confirmed is whether the tie, which was found on seat 18E where the hijacker was sitting, actually belonged to him. "The position of the FBI is that 'we don't know if it's his tie'," the group said on its site. That may explain why the FBI is not rushing to reopen its investigation. "The FBI is still committed to justice for this criminal incident, but we are not actively investigating at this time and have not requested additional assistance from outside entities," FBI spokeswoman Ayn Dietrich-Williams said. Asked about the possibility that the hijacker could have ties to an aerospace industry contractor or even a Boeing employee, spokesman Tom Kim said, "We don't have anything to share." A hijacked Northwest Airlines jetliner 727 sits on a runway for refueling at Tacoma International Airport, Nov. 25, 1971, Seattle, Wash. AP Corky Siemaszko Email Topics U.S. news, Crime & Courts First Published Jan 17 2017, 7:12 pm ET Next Story Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Verdict Legal Analysis and Commentary from Justia Justia Home Columnists Topics Archives Resources Subscribe Search Another Excuse for Possible Constitutional Overreach by Trump 18 Jan 2017 Updated: 18 Jan 2017 Neil H. Buchanan Share Tweet Share Share Share Posted in: Politics As the presidential transition period ends, there are still a vast number of unanswered questions about Donald Trump’s willingness to extend and abuse the powers of the presidency. How far is he willing to go, and will anyone be able to stop him—or even try? In a Verdict column last week, I noted one area in which I might actually agree with a Trump action that would look like (but would actually not be) presidential overreach. For a variety of political reasons, it is possible that a majority of either house of Congress could block an increase in the debt ceiling. If that happens, Trump could—and as I argued, should—announce that the debt ceiling is an unconstitutional statute and thus that he has no choice but to ignore it. The reasons that this would not actually be an abuse of presidential power are important, and I will describe them in a moment. After doing so, however, I will explore how Trump could seize upon—or even create—a debt ceiling crisis as a way to enhance his powers. The Separation of Powers and the Potential for Presidential Abuse of Congress For the purposes of last week’s column, it was enough simply to say that the debt ceiling law is constitutional, without explaining why. Here, however, the “why” becomes the whole story, because the explanation has everything to do with the principle of presidential modesty. And modesty is a quality that we are unlikely to see in the new Administration. In the series of articles that Michael Dorf and I wrote about the debt ceiling over the last several years, we investigated the impossible situation that a debt-ceiling crisis would create for the president. In what we called a trilemma, the president would be constitutionally obligated to do three logically inconsistent things: collect a certain amount of money (but no more) in taxes, spend a larger amount of money than that to pay the government’s legally binding obligations, but not borrow money in order to make up the difference. One possible answer to that conundrum would be for the president simply to say, “OK, I get to choose which law or laws not to execute, because Congress gave me no other option.” We rejected that conclusion because of the Framers’ clear intent that the Constitution’s separation of powers should be preserved. Even though anything the president would do in the face of a trilemma would violate the Constitution, therefore, he still would have the duty to minimize the constitutional damage. And that meant that he would have to decide which of the three sets of laws—spending, taxing, and borrowing—were least important in terms of preserving the constitutional separation of powers. Would we want a president to be able to say, “Hey, I need more money to pay the bills, but I can’t borrow it, so I’m going to raise taxes on my own?” Everyone agrees that that would be politically explosive. More to the point, however, it would be constitutionally disastrous, because it would see the president making the kinds of decisions that the legislature is supposed to make—picking winners and losers (who pays more taxes, who pays less) and balancing interests in the way that a representative body is designed to do. Although everyone agrees that unilateral tax increases by a president would be a nightmare, however, there was a surprising consensus among Washington insiders in both parties that a president facing a trilemma would be required to stop paying the government’s bills. That solution, however, would have the president again acting like a super-legislature, overriding Congress’s decisions regarding the power of the purse. Even if the president chose a seemingly neutral approach, such as stiffing everyone who is owed money by the same percentage, that would still be a legislative-like decision. After all, Congress generally does not cut every program by the same percentage when it decides to cut spending. That meant that a presidential decision to set aside the debt ceiling was the sole remaining choice—the least unconstitutional option. If the president borrowed beyond the debt ceiling, but Congress really and truly wanted debt to be below a certain level, it would be possible to adjust spending and taxes in the next budget to put things back where Congress wanted them to be. Notice, however, just how restrained the president would have to be in this situation. He would not be announcing that he is allowed to borrow as much as he wants, or saying that he can use the newly borrowed funds to finance his own pet projects. No, the president would still be required to spend exactly as much as Congress had ordered him to spend, neither more nor less. And he would also still be required to collect taxes as required by law, neither more nor less. His unconstitutional borrowing would be limited to making up the difference. This is why I wrote in my column last week that I could, under appropriate circumstances, agree with Trump even if he seemed to be doing something extreme. It would not, in fact, be an extreme action for a president to preserve Congress’s spending and taxing priorities by borrowing the money necessary to do so. The More Likely Path to an Abuse of Power by Trump In 2012, during one of the several depressing episodes of debt ceiling brinksmanship by House Republicans, I wrote, “Why Do Republicans Want to Give Obama Dictatorial Powers?” That provocative title was designed to expose the logical disconnect between what the Republicans claimed was their goal and what they were actually doing. After all, if the Republicans had not finally blinked, and thus if President Obama had been faced with a trilemma, Republican leaders claimed that he would be forced to “cut spending.” I use scare quotes here because what they would actually have forced him to do is to refuse to pay bills that Congress had already incurred in earlier spending bills. Even so, the Republicans insistently claimed that they were trying to get Obama to reduce spending. How would he have done so? For precisely the reasons that I described above, President Obama would have been forced to redo Congress’s job in setting spending priorities. And there is no reason to think that the Republicans would have been happy with Obama’s choices. In fact, we know for sure that they would have been unhappy even with the supposedly neutral policy that I described above, with all programs being cut by the same percentage. After all, when Congress itself did that (under what is now called “the sequester”), Republicans spent the next several years frantically trying to undo many of the automatic cuts to their favored programs (especially spending on military hardware). And any other prioritization by President Obama would have been quite rightly seen as reflecting the president’s choices, unconstrained by law (because Congress wrote no law to cover that situation). This means that Republicans, in saying that they refused to increase the debt ceiling because they wanted to force the president to reduce spending, would have given Barack Obama a ticket to pick winners and losers and to undo Republicans’ legislative priorities. In other words, they would have essentially begged him to act like a tyrant, and then they would have screamed bloody murder when he did so. And Trump? He has shown that he does not need an excuse to abuse or ignore laws and constitutional norms. Expecting him to choose the modest path of the least unconstitutional option would be foolish. Give him an excuse like this, and he would be sure to run with it. Therefore, when I wrote last week that I might agree with Trump during a debt ceiling crisis, that was not a prediction. My prediction is that, should Congress ever confront him with a trilemma, Trump would do the worst possible thing, which in this case is exactly what the Republicans were trying to get Obama to do for the last six years. Trump would refuse to pay money owed for programs that he disliked, for whatever reasons came into his head. Can Trump Contrive a Debt Ceiling Crisis? Perhaps, however, Trump does not need to wait around for Congress to give him the excuse to abuse his control over the Treasury. After all, a key element of the Buchanan-Dorf analysis was inspired by the nation’s unfortunate experience under Richard Nixon, the president whose abuses of power Trump might most envy and even try to outdo. During his abbreviated presidency, Nixon claimed that he could refuse to spend money even after Congress had appropriated it for specific purposes. The case did not make it to the Supreme Court before Nixon’s resignation, but Congress responded with the Impoundment Control Act, which required the president to spend exactly as much (no more nor less) as Congress had specified in its duly enacted laws. Years later, however, a different Congress actually tried to give away its own authority over spending by giving the president a “line-item veto,” which allowed the president to cancel spending items even after Congress had included them in appropriations laws. The Supreme Court quickly announced that this was prohibited by the Constitution, precisely because it would have involved having the executive take over legislative responsibilities. It did not matter that Congress wanted to divest itself of those powers, the Court said. Legislators are the ones who should legislate, not executives. But these historical examples point to a way in which Trump could concoct an unconstitutional power grab. He is hardly known for subtlety, and admittedly this is a subtle strategy. Even so, he certainly has people working for him who are eagerly looking for every possible way to expand his powers. Specifically, Trump could refuse to sign a debt ceiling increase bill. That is, he could put himself into a trilemma on purpose, at which point he would say that he had no choice but to stiff people and companies to whom the government currently owes money. Certainly, Trump has already shown that he is willing to target specific people and companies for punishment. Were he capable of embarrassment, he would have been embarrassed by his tweet demanding cancellation of Boeing’s Air Force One project. The amused response by people who actually know how the law works was that he could not do so, even after he became president. This suggests that Trump would jump on any possibility to expand his power over the purse, in order to give himself the power to punish his enemies. Trump could easily demagogue the debt ceiling, in exactly the way that Republicans have been doing for years. The tweet writes itself: “Pathetic Congress tries to borrow even more trillions. Outrage. Veto!” An even more intriguing possibility is that Trump could try to veto a debt ceiling increase that had been included in another bill. After all, as I noted again in my column last week, the best way to handle the unconstitutionality of the debt ceiling—short of actually repealing it—would be to have Congress return to its practice under former Democratic Speaker Richard Gephardt, whose rule required that every spending bill include the necessary change in the debt ceiling that its total spending implied. What if Congress came to its senses and followed that path, sending Trump a new spending bill that properly avoided confronting the president with a trilemma? Would he threaten to veto the whole bill, causing a government shutdown unless they take out the debt ceiling increase? Pointing out the illogic of that strategy would surely have no impact. An even more extreme possibility would be for Trump to try to line-item veto the debt-ceiling increase, a deliciously paradoxical move that would give himself the power to veto sub-parts of bills by vetoing a sub-part of a bill. Why not? After all, maybe his allies on the Supreme Court will decide that he is allowed to do so. And if they do not, how many troops does the Supreme Court have? The Timeless Need for Constitutional Limits on Power As technical as the debt ceiling debate can become, it is an excellent illustration of one of the most important questions to ask when thinking about the meaning of the Constitution: What would you want the rules to be when the worst possible person is in power? An essential reason even to have a constitution, after all, is to prevent the passions of a majority (or, in this case, a minority) of citizens from obliterating the rule of law. Republicans constantly complained about Obama’s supposed executive overreach, while Democrats wondered whether some of their pushing of the envelope might come back to bite them under a President Jeb Bush or (gasp!) Ted Cruz. Keeping the structure of law intact is essential, even as those in power test its limits. Trump is in an entirely different category. If Democrats wondered just how far Marco Rubio or John Kasich might push the limits, their heads are now spinning at the thought of what Trump might try to get away with. And because Republicans are showing no spine whatsoever, even in the face of Trump’s historic levels of unpopularity, we might soon learn to our dismay how far Trump will go. Manipulating the debt ceiling is not the sexiest way to abuse power, but it is a potent one. We should not expect Trump’s people to pass up any opportunity to inflict constitutional damage. Posted in: Politics, Tax and Economics Tags: Debt Ceiling, Politics Neil H. Buchanan Neil H. Buchanan, a Justia columnist, is an economist and legal scholar, a Professor of Law at The George Washington University, and a Senior Fellow at the Taxation Law and Policy Research Institute, Monash University (Melbourne, Australia). He blogs at DorfonLaw.org, and he is the author of The Debt Ceiling Disasters: How the Republicans Created an Unnecessary Constitutional Crisis and How the Democrats Can Fight Back. blw21 Hmmmm, did this author ever criticize President Obama’s unconstitutional overreaching power grab through the use of executive orders, which, importantly, several federal courts found to be unconstitutional when challenged, let alone did he ever, as he tries here, try to predict that President Obama would unconstitutionally overreach presidential power (if he had, his prediction, as referenced above, would have been accurate)? This author proves over and over again the intolerance of too many liberals who do not think exactly as they do. Donald Holland Exactly! robertgalli Picture, if you will, a bar with this sign in the window: “Schadenfreude hour 5 – 7”. While I shudder at the thought of ‘secretly’ wishing ill for those who supported DT, we will all suffer from any egregious actions he might take. Nonetheless, my hope and belief are this nation is tough enough to withstand whatever ill winds may blow. Victor Grunden The only thing any President needs to do if a debt ceiling is reached and Congress refuses to raise the debt ceiling is deciding where to cut. In the Obama fiasco, Obama cut many revenue raising endeavors like fishing fees , oil and gas royalties, etc. while increasing expenditure activities like Obamaphones and little Ceasers(czar in Russian). Congress is supposed to raise money and direct it’s expenditure. The Executive branch is supposed to do it as efficiently as capable. Had that been followed, we wouldn’t be $20 trillion in debt of which one-half is Obama’s. Doesn’t say much for Congress or the Executive over the last eight years. The Tenth Amendment is the most important Amendment because it is the limiting Amendment that protects citizens from government over reach. When federal government dictates land purchase and uses from national strategic resources to the local kiddie park, we have a problem. More Commentary by Neil H. Buchanan Who Is To Blame? Understanding Trump’s Rise In Order to Guarantee His Fall I Might Actually Agree With Trump About Something, Someday, Maybe Trump Should Work With Democrats on an Infrastructure Plan The Infrastructure-for-Voting-Rights Quid Pro Quo The End of Genuine Law and Order in the United States? Young Voters, This Is Your Chance to Make History. Enjoy It! Publications by Neil H. Buchanan The Debt Ceiling Disasters: How the Republicans Created an Unnecessary Constitutional Crisis and How the Democrats Can Fight Back by Neil H. Buchanan Buy The opinions expressed in Verdict are those of the individual columnists and do not represent the opinions of Justia. Justia Company Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 Justia
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Word on the street: Vancouver’s Main Street among the best Charge upgraded to first-degree murder in Vancouver shooting Park cleanup continues after severe wintry weather   Clark County stage 2 burn ban lifting Kidnapping charge dropped against Vancouver man Battle Ground man pleads guilty to burglary, animal cruelty Point in time: Workers count Clark County’s homeless Status of road near La Center focus of lawsuit Get ready for new area code, other calling changes Evergreen district adjusts due to snow days Point in time: Workers count Clark County’s homeless Before sunrise on Thursday, Jamie Spinelli and Thomas Eaton headed into the woods in search of the homeless. The caseworkers… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines 360Preps Podcast No. 1: What’s the deal with basketball RPI? Washington lawmakers look for ways to bring back Sonics High school scoreboard 1/27 Boys basketball: Hockinson 71, Washougal 57 Boys basketball: Mark Morris 61, Columbia River 51 Girls basketball: Stevenson 52, Seton Catholic 41 Pac-12 Basketball: Oregon extends record streak to 17 Mariners GM’s favorite pitch: Changeup Girls basketball: Columbia-White Salmon 50, King’s Way Christian 43 Boys Basketball: Three Rivers Christian 53, Firm Foundation 45 Late coach still inspires Columbia River bowlers Cheers, traditions and wisdom of Dana Blair live on in players Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Energy companies lead stocks lower Trump’s Mexico exports tax raises eyebrows in Asia Jeld-Wen prices IPO at $23 a share, stock jumps Retreat lets Port of C-W brainstorm waterfront project Mobile orders cause Starbucks traffic jams Economic growth slowed in Q4, but there’s hope ahead Riverview Bancorp earns $2 million in third quarter Word on the street: Vancouver’s Main Street among the best Singletary: Time to lighten your paper overload Port of Kalama beefs up ecological mitigation plan Mobile orders cause Starbucks traffic jams Starbucks Corp.’s much-ballyhooed mobile-ordering system has brought a painful side effect to the coffee giant: traffic jams at the pickup… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Allman Brothers’ drummer Butch Trucks dies at 69 Clark College Jazz Festival jumps into full swing Fans cry censorship over ‘Bachelor’ break New on DVD: ‘Inferno’ take Hanks into flames A chilling look at ‘Slenderman’ case Family at heart of Anderson’s ‘Baskets’ Aziz Ansari gets political on ‘SNL’ Continuing Alzheimer’s battle TV Q&A: ‘Hot Bench’ judge focuses on practice Unpublished Writers Day gathering offers workshops, seminars Clark College Jazz Festival jumps into full swing It’s before dawn at Battle Ground High School, where the campuses’ three jazz bands are already rehearsing, and man, theses… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Approve School Bond Robinson: Time for Democrats to harness marches’ momentum Letter: Trump is not the answer Letter: Vote ‘yes’ on Vancouver bond Letter: Support well-rounded education Letter: Destruction is not productive Letter: Trump can thank Electoral College Letter: Common sense is lacking In Our View: Put Muscle in Prevention Cepeda: In picking a college, look beyond ‘bright’ advertising Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 22-28 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has a Story: At the end of an impressive journey Neighborhoods, city team to keep traffic from racing through streets Convenience store, tax service team up for food drive Tukes Valley Middle Schoolers throw pies at teachers for good behavior Innovative Services NW receive grant for updated kits Community Foundation hands out more than $476,000 to students Harvest of the Month brings kale to students Little league seeks help with snow damage Bank organizes winter drive for shelters Friends of the Carpenter receives grant money for services Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate New theory tested in D.B. Cooper case Scientists turn their attention to tie he left behind Artist's sketch provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation shows a rendering of the skyjacker known as "Dan Cooper" and "D.B. Cooper," from the recollections of passengers and crew of a Northwest Orient Airlines jet he hijacked between Portland and Seattle on Nov. 24, 1971. (FBI) By Amy B. Wang, The Washington Post Published: January 17, 2017, 7:59 PM A   A Local Angle: One of the few leads from the Cooper case was uncovered, literally, at Frenchman’s Bar, along the Columbia River west of downtown Vancouver. In 1980, an 8-year-old Hough Elementary student found 290 of Cooper’s $20 bills buried in the sand as he was scooping a spot for a family campfire. It was “one of the longest and most exhaustive investigations” in FBI history — and to this day remains the only unsolved skyjacking in the United States. In 1971, a well-dressed passenger hijacked a Northwest Orient flight, demanded $200,000 and later escaped by parachuting out of the back of the plane with the ransom money. But who exactly was “D.B. Cooper,” the mysterious man who managed to pull off the heist and disappear without a trace? More than four decades later, three amateur scientists think they may have found evidence that would narrow down Cooper’s identity to that of an aerospace engineer or a manager. The scientists, working for a group called Citizen Sleuths, said they have been analyzing particles found on a clip-on necktie that Cooper left on his seat before jumping out of the plane. To the naked eye, the piece of fabric was a nondescript black tie from J.C. Penney. But to the modern-day scientists, the tie was an “incredibly fortunate” piece of evidence in the investigation. “A tie is one of the only articles of clothing that isn’t washed on a regular basis,” reads a section on the Citizen Sleuths website devoted solely to the tie. “It picks up dirt and grime just like any other piece of clothing, but that accumulation never truly gets ‘reset’ in the washing machine. Each of those particles comes from something and somewhere and can tell a story if the proper instruments like electron microscopes are used.” Using a powerful electron microscope, the scientists say, they have identified more than 100,000 particles of “rare earth elements” on the tie, including pure titanium, according to the Associated Press. “Titanium was a rare metal in 1971 and this makes it extremely unlikely it is a post-event contamination,” Citizen Sleuths notes on its site. “Its presence constrains Cooper to a limited number of managers or engineers in the titanium field that would wear ties to work.” At the time, they noted, the element was used extensively by the military in aircraft and helicopters. Scientists think he may have worked at Boeing, which at the time happened to be developing a Super Sonic Transport plane that used those elements, Tom Kaye, a lead researcher with Citizen Sleuths, told King 5 News. “The tie went with him into these manufacturing environments, for sure, so he was not one of the people running these (manufacturing machines),” Kaye told the news station. “He was either an engineer or a manager in one of the plants.” He added that the group was asking anyone from the public with information to contact researchers through the Citizen Sleuths website. “Someone may be able to look at those particles and say, ‘Oh my gosh, I know what that means having those particles on the tie,’ ” Kaye told the news station. The mystery began on Nov. 24, 1971, when a nondescript man going by the name of Dan Cooper purchased a one-way ticket from Portland to Seattle directly from the Northwest Orient Airlines counter on the day of the flight. Authorities later described him as someone in his mid-40s, dressed as an “executive” in a suit, a white shirt and what probably is the now-infamous black tie. The agency’s official summary of how the hijacking unfolded reads like the plot of a Hollywood thriller: “He ordered a drink — bourbon and soda — while the flight was waiting to take off. A short time after 3:00 p.m., he handed the stewardess a note indicating that he had a bomb in his briefcase and wanted her to sit with him. “The stunned stewardess did as she was told. Opening a cheap attach? case, Cooper showed her a glimpse of a mass of wires and red colored sticks and demanded that she write down what he told her. Soon, she was walking a new note to the captain of the plane that demanded four parachutes and $200,000 in twenty-dollar bills. “When the flight landed in Seattle, the hijacker exchanged the flight’s 36 passengers for the money and parachutes. Cooper kept several crew members, and the plane took off again, ordered to set a course for Mexico City. “Somewhere between Seattle and Reno, a little after 8:00 p.m., the hijacker did the incredible: He jumped out of the back of the plane with a parachute and the ransom money. The pilots landed safely, but Cooper had disappeared into the night and his ultimate fate remains a mystery to this day.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register January-February 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Exposed: The Reason the U.S. Air Force Needs to Upgrade the F-15 Fast (Think Russia) Kris Osborn January 17, 2017 TweetShareShare The Pentagon’s soon-to-be published Electronic Warfare strategy calls for increased investment in advanced electronic warfare technology designed to defend U.S. assets and proactively use the electromagnetic spectrum to attack enemies. The Army, Navy and Air Force are working on EW upgrades for the F-15, counter IED EW and the Growler Electronic Attack Aircraft. The Pentagon’s soon-to-be published Electronic Warfare strategy calls for increased investment in advanced electronic warfare technology designed to defend U.S. assets and proactively use the electromagnetic spectrum to attack enemies. DOD officials say the new strategy will be signed and distributed in the next two months, with additional annexes expected to be ready by Summer, 2017. The strategy will be an unclassified document to be shared with U.S. military developers and defense industry officials, Pentagon officials said. Scout Warrior has learned of some key elements featured in the report, such as increasing EW attack technology, advancing new systems and training and equipping EW forces. “In equipping our forces, we plan to develop advanced electronic attack, advanced electronic warfare support, harden our kill-chains with electronic protection, invest in electromagnetic battle management to manage the numerous assets in the battlespace,” Pentagon spokesman Maj. Roger Cabiness told Scout Warrior. The prospect for a “first-of-its kind” DOD electronic warfare strategy gained new urgency following Russia’s successful use of advanced EW technologies in Ukraine, and the pace of global technological progress in the area of EW systems. Electronic weapons can be used for an increasingly wide range of combat activities – from detecting and defending IED attacks to jamming enemy communications or even taking over control of enemy drones, among other things. “Hardening the kill-chain,” for example, can involve the use of EW tactics to prevent an armed U.S. drone from being “hacked,” “jammed” or taken over by an enemy. Also, EW defenses can better secure radar signals, protect weapons guidance technologies and thwart attacks on larger platforms such as ships, fighter jets and tanks. The report will also specify cross-geographical boundary radiated energy technologies designed to strengthen U.S. platforms and allied operations, Cabiness added.   The Pentagon strategy calls for efforts to “purposely invest in cost-imposing strategies which directly challenge potential adversaries’ EMS (electromagnetic systems),” Cabiness explained. The concept behind this effort to advance the cost curve and, for example, use less-expensive electromagnetic weapons to destroy, intercept or jam approaching enemy missiles, drones, rockets or aircraft; this is based on the reality that using an electronic weapon is much less expensive than firing an interceptor missile, such as a ship-fired Rolling Airframe Missile or Evolved Sea Sparrow Missile, to destroy an enemy cruise missile. These interceptor missiles, and other ship-defense technologies, can cost up to hundreds of thousands each, if not more. This tactic would both force enemies to spend money on expensive weapons while decreasing the offensive and defensive weaponry costs to the U.S., therefore advancing a “cost-imposing” strategy, as Cabiness explained.   Improving electronic warfare modeling and simulation to better prepare for emerging weapons systems is also emphasized as a key element of the strategy. This can help anticipate or train against future weapons applications which may not exist yet, but nevertheless pose an emerging threat. Authors of the new Electronic Warfare strategy have worked closely with the Pentagon Electronic Warfare Executive Committee, stood up in August 2015. The purpose of this committee is to translate electromagnetic experimentation into actual capabilities being deployed, as reported by Federal Computer Weekly earlier this year. The committee is co-chaired by Frank Kendall, the Defense Department's top acquisition official, and Gen. Paul Selva, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The new strategy is designed to inform and operation alongside existing Army, Navy and Air Force efforts to engineer next-generation electronic warfare systems. Air Force: The Air Force is, for example, revving up electronic warfare upgrades for its F-15 fighter to better protect against enemy fire and electronic attacks, service officials said. Boeing has secured a $478 million deal to continue work on a new technology called with a system called the Eagle Passive Active Warning Survivability System, or EPAWSS. These updated EW capabilities replace the Tactical Electronic Warfare Suite, which has been used since the 1980s, not long after the F-15 first deployed. The service plans to operate the fleet until the mid-2040’s, so an overhaul of the Eagle’s electronic systems helps maintain U.S. air supremacy, the contract announcement said. Various upgrades will be complete as early as 2021 for the F-15C AESA (Active Electronically Scanned Array) radar and as late as 2032 for the various EW (electronic warfare) upgrades, Air Force officials said. The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is also integrated with an AESA radar. Navy: The Navy is engineering a new, more powerful, high-tech electronic warfare jamming technology, called the Next-Generation Jammer, designed to allow strike aircraft to destroy enemy targets without being detected by modern surface-to-air missile defenses. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn The Looming U.S.-China Confrontation Role reversal: The United States is now the insurgent. Christopher Whalen Worried about the Size of the U.S. Navy? Rearm the Coast Guard A new challenge for Trump: redefine the U.S. Coast Guard's defense roles. Gregory Tozzi U.S.-Iranian Relations Could Spiral Out of Control The Trump administration's response to a naval confrontation with Iran could indicate what is in store for U.S.-Iranian relations. Daniel R. DePetris Latest Issue January-February 2017 Trump Will Face a Cornucopia of Global Threats Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Is a War over Taiwan Possible? Russia's Super Battlecruiser Kirov vs. America's Stealth Destroyer Zumwalt: Who Wins? America's Stealth F-35 Fighter vs. the A-10 Warthog: Who Wins in a Fight? U.S.-Iranian Relations Could Spiral Out of Control The Environmental Left and Keystone XL Why China Should Fear Japan's Soryu-Class 'Stealth' Submarines Goodbye Susan Rice, Hello National Security Options Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Breaking News CNN Toggle Search Search Election Results Nation World Our Team CNN.com What the biggest Trump donors are doing this week By Theodore Schleifer, CNN Updated 7:49 PM ET, Tue January 17, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Trump snubs inauguration announcer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump snubs inauguration announcer 01:23 Story highlights The celebration begins with a ritzy black-tie gala at the Andrew W. Mellon auditorium The week has been planned by Tom Barrack, Trump's longtime consigliere Washington (CNN)The donors and corporations who are ushering in Donald Trump's inauguration with more than $90 million in gifts to his Inaugural Committee are due to receive quite the appreciation beginning Tuesday evening. Elaborate gatherings are expected in every corner of town this week for Trump friends and foes alike, but perhaps no path will be more gilded than the "underwriters" who have helped this inaugural committee smash fundraising records. The celebration begins with a ritzy black-tie gala at the Andrew W. Mellon auditorium near the White House on Tuesday at what is described to donors as the Chairman's Global Dinner. Other gatherings listed on a complete "Underwriter Events Schedule" distributed to top financial supporters and obtained by CNN include a "Victory Reception" at the National Building Museum on Wednesday afternoon followed by the Vice President's Dinner at the National Portrait Gallery in the evening. Thursday features more access-heavy sit-downs such as a black-tie "candlelight dinner" at Union Station the night before they head to their prime seats at the swearing-in ceremony on Friday at the Capitol. The Inaugural Committee has collected checks from corporations like Boeing, which has announced a $1 million gift, and families like the Adelsons of Las Vegas, who have committed around $5 million to the festivities. The week has been planned by Tom Barrack, Trump's longtime consigliere with a far-flung network of global business ties. Read More "It's the bandwidth of people who are thankful for saving capitalism -- that didn't support him in the candidacy phase," Barrack said of the inaugural donors in an interview with CNN earlier this month. "So there was a lot of low-hanging fruit." Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Can you save on your mortgage? The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor 2017 predictions: The next big travel trends Departures 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor Best health & wellness retreats to reboot Departures Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy The Motley Fool Sections Election Results Nation World Our Team Follow us CNN.com © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / What the biggest Trump donors are doing this week What the biggest Trump donors are doing this week Posted on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 by CNN in Election The donors and corporations who are ushering in Donald Trump’s inauguration with more than $90 million in gifts to his Inaugural Committee are due to receive quite the appreciation beginning Tuesday evening. Elaborate gatherings are expected in every corner of town this week for Trump friends and foes alike, but perhaps no path will be more gilded than the “underwriters” who have helped this inaugural committee smash fundraising records. The celebration begins with a ritzy black-tie gala at the Andrew W. Mellon auditorium near the White House on Tuesday at what is described to donors as the Chairman’s Global Dinner. Other gatherings listed on a complete “Underwriter Events Schedule” distributed to top financial supporters and obtained by CNN include a “Victory Reception” at the National Building Museum on Wednesday afternoon followed by the Vice President’s Dinner at the National Portrait Gallery in the evening. Thursday features more access-heavy sit-downs such as a black-tie “candlelight dinner” at Union Station the night before they head to their prime seats at the swearing-in ceremony on Friday at the Capitol. The Inaugural Committee has collected checks from corporations like Boeing, which has announced a $1 million gift, and families like the Adelsons of Las Vegas, who have committed around $5 million to the festivities. The week has been planned by Tom Barrack, Trump’s longtime consigliere with a far-flung network of global business ties. “It’s the bandwidth of people who are thankful for saving capitalism — that didn’t support him in the candidacy phase,” Barrack said of the inaugural donors in an interview with CNN earlier this month. “So there was a lot of low-hanging fruit.” Obama pushes through controversial moves before Trump takes over Obama's pushes through controversial moves before Trump takes over Related Posts Timeline: Donald Trump’s praise for Vladimir Putin Combat-tested U.S. bombers headed to Pacific Poll: Most Americans say send ground troops to fight ISIS Boris Johnson: All the ways the new British foreign secretary slammed Obama, Clinton, Trump Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Transition of Power Trump Commerce pick Wilbur Ross keeping some of his empire by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 January 18, 2017: 8:39 AM ET Wilbur Ross in 75 seconds Wilbur Ross has agreed to sell some -- but not all -- of his sprawling web of assets should the billionaire be confirmed as Donald Trump's Commerce secretary. The famed investor has filed paperwork indicating he also plans to put off selling dozens of less-liquid assets, including various investment vehicles like hedge funds, for up to six months after his confirmation. Cabinet nominees like Ross are required to file an ethics agreement with federal officials to show how they will minimize actual or apparent conflicts of interest once they take office. These agreements typically call for divesting assets or putting them in a blind trust. Ross' agreement was complicated by the billionaire's lengthy investing career and an array of complex assets. Should he be confirmed as Commerce secretary after Wednesday's Senate hearing, Ross would be expected to help develop Trump's trade and economic plans. The agreement Ross filed with Commerce Department ethics officials on Sunday shows that the billionaire has agreed that if he is confirmed,he will step down from Invesco (IVZ), as well as its various subsidiaries. That includes stepping down as chairman and chief strategy officer of WL Ross & Co., the private-equity firm Ross founded in 1997. Related: Trump commerce pick once blasted 'China bashing' However, the agreement details nine investment vehicles that Ross plans to keep a financial interest in "solely as a passive investor." Ross said that the holdings of these vehicles are restricted to transoceanic shipping, mortgage lending and real estate financing. Ethics officials told Ross it's not necessary to divest these investments because there is only a "remote" chance he will need to participate in matters affecting them, the letter said. Ross said he will "remain vigilant in identifying" potential conflicts involving the assets he's holding onto. As required by federal law, Ross has agreed to recuse himself from all matters that he knows he or his family members have a direct financial interest in. Ross has received permission to hold onto 40 other assets for up to 180 days after his confirmation. That includes several hedge funds, investment partnerships and other assets that Ross said are "illiquid," meaning it may "take longer to divest them." Related: Billionaire Ross auditions before Congress By contrast, within 90 days of his confirmation Ross said he would divest various stocks and bonds, including shares in Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Boeing (BA) and Moody's (MCO) as well as debt issued by Wells Fargo (WFC) and infamous Wall Street firm Bear Stearns. The ethics agreement spelled out some outstanding payments due to Ross from his employers. For instance, Ross said before he takes the position of Commerce secretary he will receive a bonus payment covering the 2016 calendar year from Invesco. Ross has also asked WL Ross & Co. to stop using his last name if he is confirmed, although it may continue using his initials. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 17, 2017: 7:57 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump Commerce pick Wilbur Ross keeping some of his empire Trump Commerce pick Wilbur Ross keeping some of his empire Posted on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 by CNN in Business News Wilbur Ross has agreed to sell some — but not all — of his sprawling web of assets should the billionaire be confirmed as Donald Trump’s Commerce secretary. The famed investor has filed paperwork indicating he also plans to put off selling dozens of less-liquid assets, including various investment vehicles like hedge funds, for up to six months after his confirmation. Cabinet nominees like Ross are required to file an ethics agreement with federal officials to show how they will minimize actual or apparent conflicts of interest once they take office. These agreements typically call for divesting assets or putting them in a blind trust. Ross’ agreement was complicated by the billionaire’s lengthy investing career and an array of complex assets. Should he be confirmed as Commerce secretary after Wednesday’s Senate hearing, Ross would be expected to help develop Trump’s trade and economic plans. The agreement Ross filed with Commerce Department ethics officials on Sunday shows that the billionaire has agreed that if he is confirmed,he will step down from Invesco, as well as its various subsidiaries. That includes stepping down as chairman and chief strategy officer of WL Ross & Co., the private-equity firm Ross founded in 1997. However, the agreement details nine investment vehicles that Ross plans to keep a financial interest in “solely as a passive investor.” Ross said that the holdings of these vehicles are restricted to transoceanic shipping, mortgage lending and real estate financing. Ethics officials told Ross it’s not necessary to divest these investments because there is only a “remote” chance he will need to participate in matters affecting them, the letter said. Ross said he will “remain vigilant in identifying” potential conflicts involving the assets he’s holding onto. As required by federal law, Ross has agreed to recuse himself from all matters that he knows he or his family members have a direct financial interest in. Ross has received permission to hold onto 40 other assets for up to 180 days after his confirmation. That includes several hedge funds, investment partnerships and other assets that Ross said are “illiquid,” meaning it may “take longer to divest them.” By contrast, within 90 days of his confirmation Ross said he would divest various stocks and bonds, including shares in Apple, Boeing and Moody’s as well as debt issued by Wells Fargo and infamous Wall Street firm Bear Stearns. The ethics agreement spelled out some outstanding payments due to Ross from his employers. For instance, Ross said before he takes the position of Commerce secretary he will receive a bonus payment covering the 2016 calendar year from Invesco. Ross has also asked WL Ross & Co. to stop using his last name if he is confirmed, although it may continue using his initials. Samsung heir faces possible arrest on corruption charges Jerry Seinfeld's 'Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee' is heading to Netflix Related Posts Amazon wants air space designated for drones SpaceX moves past explosion with new launch plans TV’s political dramas, even those that are ‘bonkers,’ collide with reality Who still believes in the American Dream? Blacks and Hispanics Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. press enter to search Video 30°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 30°C Partly Cloudy Dry and mostly cloudy throughout the day. Wed 26℃ - 32℃ Thu 25℃ - 32℃ Fri 25℃ - 31℃ Sat 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News Business AirAsia may consider dividend after sale of plane-leasing unit Kyunghee Park Bloomberg Singapore | Wed, January 18, 2017 | 07:02 am A boy looking at AirAsia plane outside while prepare for take off at an airport terminal in Surabaya, East Java, on June 22, 2016. (Shutterstock.com/dreamstory) Topics AirAsia Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    AirAsia Bhd., the region’s biggest budget airline, is likely to use most of the proceeds from a proposed sale of its aircraft-leasing arm to pay a dividend, its chief executive officer said in an interview. The airline expects to get binding bids for the unit by March and close the deal by summer, Group CEO Tony Fernandes, 52, said in a Bloomberg Television interview with Francine Lacqua in Davos, Switzerland, while attending the World Economic Forum. The board of the Sepang, Malaysia-based carrier will take the final call on whether to use the proceeds to pare debt or pay a dividend, he said. “Our gearing is very low anyway but I always like to have more cash than less cash,” Fernandes said. “But it’s really up to the board to finally decide what to do with that.” (Read also: AirAsia moves into new open-space headquarters) The divestment of Asia Aviation Capital Ltd. may help bolster the financials of the carrier that has ordered hundreds of jets from Airbus SE and had a net debt of 8.8 billion ringgit ($2 billion) at the end of September. A dividend may also cheer investors who were rewarded with a 78 percent rally in the shares in 2016, the best in six years. The asset had received an offer valued at about $1 billion, Fernandes had said in May. Established in 2014, Asia Aviation Capital had a fleet of 59 planes as of end-September, leased primarily to the parent’s affiliates. The unit will receive an additional 100 Airbus A320 aircraft and get some A321neos were ordered last year. Asia Aviation Capital manages aircraft leased to affiliates outside Malaysia, including Thai AirAsia Co., PT Indonesia AirAsia and AirAsia India Pvt., according to filings in 2014. RHB Investment Bank Bhd., Credit Suisse Group AG and BNP Paribas SA are joint advisers to the sale. To read about Asian aircraft leasing, click here. “Some people have come in at the last minute,” Fernandes said, referring to bidders. “We’re working with Credit Suisse and the banks to see if they can still make the timeline,” he said, declining to reveal names. As airlines serving Asia Pacific move to triple their fleet, they’re finding it can be cheaper to lease jets instead of buying them from Boeing Co. or Airbus. The relative safety of the leasing business compared with that of an airline has prompted conglomerates led by Hong Kong billionaires Li Ka-shing and Cheng Yu-tung to enter the industry. --With assistance from Chong Pooi Koon To contact the reporter on this story: Kyunghee Park in Singapore at [email protected] To contact the editors responsible for this story: Anand Krishnamoorthy at [email protected] , Sam Nagarajan You might also like : Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans Another four UII students hospitalized Businessman accused of attacking Muslim JFK airport worker Antasari Azhar attends second Jakarta gubernatorial debate most viewed most shared Jakarta Election: Second clash to see fiercer exchanges Indonesia tax office to chase evaders’ assets Freeport Indonesia ‘adjusting' to new regulation Jokowi concerned about arrest of court justice over bribery claims: Spokesman Agus' support down after 1st debate: Survey Antasari Azhar attends second Jakarta gubernatorial debate Regulating religious intolerance Chinese tourists to spend Lunar New Year in Bali in droves Ahok's campaign team hopes moderators won't take sides Google's Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories SE Asia Asia’s most and least powerful passports Academia Alif Satria Assistant researcher at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) Regulating religious intolerance Life Cut your risk of diabetes through these lifestyle changes Travel Chinese tourists to spend Lunar New Year in Bali in droves TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
