Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Unmanned U.S. Space Plane Lands After Secret, Two-Year Air Force Mission Reuters Newsweek 7 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The U.S. military's experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. Trending: Brigitte Macron, Former Drama Teacher, Prepares for New Role: French First Lady Unmanned Space PlaneMore The U.S. Airforce's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., May 7, 2017. U.S. Air Force/Handout via REUTERS U.S. Air Force/Handout via REUTERS The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies," the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. Don't miss: Bill Renews Effort to Declare Israel a Jewish State The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Most popular: After Years in Captivity, Nigeria Welcomes Back Kidnapped Chibok Schoolgirls Sunday’s landing was the X-37B's first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. More from Newsweek U.S. Air Force Tests West Coast Nuclear Deterrent as Navy Nears North Korea Air Force Exploring Private Defense Of Space Systems From Cyber Attacks North Korea Could Strike U.S. Military in Alaska, Air Force Commander Warns Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next A thermonuclear bomb slammed into a North Carolina farm in 1961 — and part of it is still missing Business Insider UK US Air Force's Secret Space Spy Plane Lands After 718-Day Mission Storyful Tottenham urged to sign Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick to boost title prospects International Business Times 'Welcome our dear girls', Nigeria's Buhari tells freed Chibok girls Reuters The Duke of Edinburgh's greatest gaffes caught on camera ITN Pictures of the week: Princes, portraits and protests Police: 2 doctors found dead in penthouse likely knew killer Associated Press Prince Philip's best (most laughable) moments in photos Mozambique's gas boom dream under threat AFP Local elections: 60-second round-up Press Association video Ozil, Welbeck celebrate win over Man Utd with post-game selfie Sporting News Dogs at polling stations are back for local elections Le Buzz - Newcastle tweet comes back to haunt Peter Schmeichel Le Buzz Macron wins French presidency, to sighs of relief in Europe Reuters Prince Philip retires: The Duke of Edinburgh's biggest gaffes 'Don't ask about my future - I'm fighting to win,' says Jeremy Corbyn Sky News By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Monday, May 08, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Fodder scam: Lalu Prasad Yadav to be tried for criminal conspiracy in all four graft cases worth 945 Crore, says Supreme Court Mulayam blames Akhilesh Yadav's decision to ally with Congress for Samajwadi Party's poll rout Akhilesh Yadav expels five Shivpal aides after feuding uncle announced new political front Arvind Kejriwal may escape bribery charges, but Aam Aadmi Party's image takes another beating Narendra Modi's stance on triple talaq 'communal', says Sitaram Yechury Kapil Mishra 'expose' highlights: Opposition attacks Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, seek his resignation, probe over allegations Sports Plzen Shooting Grand Prix: Heena Sidhu clinches bronze as India claim seven medals in event Fifa, Qatar Airways confirm sponsorship deal ahead of major tournaments Madrid Open: Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic aim to regain confidence as Rafael Nadal eyes another title Federation Cup: Laldanmawia Ralte's double strike seals Aizawl's victory over Chennai City FC Tennis roundup: Alexander Zverev wins 3rd ATP title; Marin Cilic downs Milos Raonic in Istanbul final IPL 2017: Why RCB, a team packed with superstars, is suffering from cricketing paralysis India Fodder scam: Lalu Prasad Yadav to be tried for criminal conspiracy in all four graft cases worth 945 Crore, says Supreme Court Rajnath Singh calls for 'unified command' across all Naxal-affected states to tackle insurgency Kashmir stone-pelter to mujahideen: The story of an active militant from troubled Pulwama NPA ordinance: Govt will have to answer unpleasant questions about conflict of interest 'Army footprint in Kashmir Valley cannot be reduced at the moment,' Lt-Gen DS Hooda tells Firstpost Brazen 'gun salute' by Kashmir militants shows extent to which political space has vanished in Valley World A closer look at Emmanuel Macron, President-elect of France's pre-poll promises Emmanuel Macron to become France's youngest ever President, beats Marine Le Pen in pivotal election Emmanuel Macron clinches French presidential election: How Europe's media reacted to the result Sohail Mahmood set to be Pakistan's High Commissioner to India: All you need to know about the diplomat Pope Francis 'ashamed' with US for using 'mother' to describe bomb Emmanuel Macron wins French presidential election and 65% of France heaves a sigh of relief Business Warren Buffett slams Wells Fargo for sales scandal; says Berkshire has succession plan in place To defend RBI's credibility, Urjit Patel, 5 other MPC members to chase 4% inflation target Sensex rises 136 pts to inch towards 30,000-mark; firm Asian cues, ascending rupee bolster sentiment Ponzi scheme: Sebi to auction MPS' properties to recover investors’ money NPA ordinance: Govt will have to answer unpleasant questions about conflict of interest HRD ministry asks IITs to develop revenue model Life Kashmir stone-pelter to mujahideen: The story of an active militant from troubled Pulwama On the tiger's trail in Tadoba: A journey into Maharashtra's oldest national park How Tehmina Durrani became one of Pakistan's most powerful feminist voices Scientists discover orchid fossil trapped in amber dating back at least 45 million years Bachi Karkaria's latest book, In Hot Blood, offers a detailed look at the Nanavati case '50 Films That Changed Bollywood' book review: Full of hits, misses and nostalgia Entertainment 2017 MTV Movie and TV Awards: Stranger Things wins Best Show, Emma Watson bags Best Actor Salman Khan's Tubelight is remake of Jakob Salvati's Little Boy, director Kabir Khan confirms Dangal weekend box office collection in China at Rs 72.68 cr, second only to Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 Nach Baliye 8, Episode 11: Mona Lisa aka Antara Biswas and Vikrant Singh Rajpoot eliminated Shah Rukh Khan to produce film based on Operation Khukri, IAF rescue operation in Africa Baahubali 2: What the response to SS Rajamouli's film tells us about outrage in the time of social media Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News World News Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission | Reuters Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission | Reuters WorldReutersMay, 07 2017 23:00:07 IST #Reuters By Irene Klotz | CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. The U.S. military's experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said.The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email.The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies," the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified.The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles.The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday’s landing was the X-37B's first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars.The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 07, 2017 11:00 pm | Updated Date: May 07, 2017 11:00 pm Also See Projections say Macron, Le Pen go through to runoff in French vote | Reuters Kenya's Keitany breaks women's only world record at London Marathon | Reuters North Korea says ready to strike U.S. aircraft carrier | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 8 SRH Vs MI 2 May 9 KXIP Vs KKR 3 May 10 GL Vs DD 4 May 11 MI Vs KXIP 5 May 12 DD Vs RPS Full Schedule Top Stories A closer look at Emmanuel Macron, President-elect of France's pre-poll promises Is there a Pattern in Rebellion of Kumar Vishwas and Kapil Mishra? Baahubali 2: What the response to SS Rajamouli's film tells us about outrage in the time of social media Brazen 'gun salute' by Kashmir militants shows extent to which political space has vanished in Valley Gold: More a ‘hedge’, less an investment Arvind Kejriwal may escape bribery charges, but Aam Aadmi Party's image takes another beating IPL 2017: Hashim Amla’s brilliant ton in vain again as King XI Punjab's bowling, fielding lets them down NPA ordinance: Govt will have to answer unpleasant questions about conflict of interest Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kings XI Punjab by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 6 wickets Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 85 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 146 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 12 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 19 runs Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs GUJ Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs HYD Delhi Daredevils beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs MUM - May 8th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs KOL - May 9th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - May 10th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs DEL - May 10th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PUN - May 11th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs BAN - May 12th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PNE - May 12th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs HYD - May 13th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs MUM - May 13th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs NZ - May 14th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST 1Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission | Reuters 2A closer look at Emmanuel Macron, President-elect of France's pre-poll promises 3Emmanuel Macron clinches French presidential election: How Europe's media reacted to the result 4Sohail Mahmood set to be Pakistan's High Commissioner to India: All you need to know about the diplomat 5Pope Francis 'ashamed' with US for using 'mother' to describe bomb More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
May 082017 E- Edition Newspaper May 08, 2017 Last Updated at 09:58 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport PDO signs contracts valued at OMR300m with two local firms Taxis can be shared 1 in every 8 road deaths was a child Weekends are worst for accidents Rain will bring temperatures down Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Oman's foreign minister leaves for Pakistan School Transport and Safety Expo 2017 begins in Oman One in eight road deaths is a child in Oman Oman hosts meetings of GCC archives centres Only 9 per cent of children with Down Syndrome attend school in Oman   OmanPride: Stories of our ancestors OmanPride: Salalah’s Al Baleed Resort scoops Hotel of the Year award OmanPride: Volunteering in Oman is for the greater good OmanPride: Hatim Al Abdissalaam, on a mission to educate the youth OmanPride: Join the run to inspire hope World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Merkel's conservatives thump rivals in German regional vote Macron wins French presidency by emphatic margin - projections Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission Two militants blow themselves up in Bangladesh Sacked minister accuses Kejriwal of graft; BJP, Congress gun for him Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Omani banks allowed to consider one per cent of non-funded credit for SME funding Muscat bourse falls on regional cues, weakness in oil prices China's forex reserves rise for third month in a row Reduce time lag in ADB's loan approval, says India Iraq's oil exports average 3.252 million bpd in April Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Football: Maradona appointed head coach of UAE's Al Fujairah IPL: Smith stars in Gujarat’s win over Punjab Football: Slick Arsenal end United's long unbeaten run Tennis: German Zverev wins first ATP title on home soil IPL: Narine’s fastest fifty scripts KKR’s easy win over RCB Opinion Great Britain will no longer automatically follow US foreign policy World War II reconciliation Where we must vaccinate Obama and the $400,000 question Cheating Britain out of Europe Technology Times Digital Download: Pro Evolution Soccer 2017 Oman technology: All About App in the Air Oman technology: All about Nova Launcher Oman technology: All about Runkeeper Times Digital Download: The Simpsons Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman motoring: All-new 2017 F-150 Raptor Terrain Modes Ranbir's pictures as Dutt shouldn't have come out: Hirani The fun is in making and breaking records: 'Baahubali' writer Tips for a perfect summer workout Oman wellness: Prevent diabetic heart disease   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Trending Entertainment Updates Top Trending Videos This Week Interesting uses of tea in Muscat Savour Oman's favourite tea 6 tips on how to use tea for beauty World America Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission May 7, 2017 | 9:10 PM by Reuters The U.S. Airforce's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., May 7, 2017. Photo - U.S. Air Force/Handout via Reuters x The U.S. Airforce's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., May 7, 2017. Photo - U.S. Air Force/Handout via Reuters   Sharelines Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission #Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission Cape Canaveral(Florida): The U.S. military's experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47am EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive programme, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies," the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the programme is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 metres) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday’s landing was the X-37B's first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the programme in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in World Two militants blow themselves up in Bangladesh Sacked minister accuses Kejriwal of graft; BJP, Congress gun for him Britain's Labour pledges no tax rise for middle-income earners Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Merkel's conservatives thump rivals in German regional vote Macron wins French presidency by emphatic margin - projections PREVIOUS ARTICLE Militant attack kills six Pakistan police NEXT ARTICLE Macron wins French presidency by emphatic margin - projections Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By William Harwood CBS News May 7, 2017, 12:51 PM Air Force space plane lands after secret mission Technicians in hazmat suits "safe" the Air Force X-37B space plane after an unannounced landing at the Kennedy Space Center early Sunday to close out a clandestine 718-day mission. NASA's iconic Vehicle Assembly Building looms in the background. U.S. Air Force Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email An unpiloted military space plane, launched by an Atlas 5 rocket in May 2015, glided to an unannounced landing on the long shuttle runway at the Kennedy Space Center on Sunday, closing out a 718-day mission. It was the first Florida landing of a returning spacecraft since Atlantis flew home in the program's final mission in 2011. Sonic booms rumbled across central Florida around 8 a.m. and a few minutes later, the Air Force tweeted that the Boeing-built X-37B space plane -- a compact, delta-wing craft equipped with a payload bay, a solar power boom and a sophisticated computer control systems -- had returned from orbit and landed safely. The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 has returned from orbit and has landed safely @NASAKennedy. Stay tuned for more info.— U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 "Today marks an incredibly exciting day for the 45th Space Wing as we continue to break barriers," Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, 45th Space Wing commander, said in a statement. "Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today's safe and successful landing." It was the fourth clandestine flight of the X-37B, the longest in the program and the first to end in Florida, where Boeing has taken over two former shuttle processing hangars that have been modified to handle the secret spycraft. The first three missions ended with landings at Vandenberg Air Force Base northwest of Los Angeles. Total time in space by both vehicles across four flights now stands at 2,085 days. "This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle's first landing in the state of Florida," Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, said in the Air Force statement. "We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities." The program's fifth launch is expected later this year. Two X-37Bs, also known as OTVs, or orbital test vehicles, are known to exist. OTV-1 flew the program's first and third missions while OTV-2, flew the second and fourth, which began with launch atop an Atlas 5 rocket at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on May 20, 2015. A nose-on view of the X-37B, one of two autonomous military spaceplanes used for classified missions in low-Earth orbit. U.S. Air Force The spacecraft are believed to fly as orbital test beds for advanced technology sensors and other systems but the program is classified, and the Air Force provides almost no details on the nature of the space plane's missions, what might have been accomplished or when the reusable craft might fly again. But before OTV-2 took off on its just-ended flight, the Air Force acknowledged two experiments: a NASA materials science project and one to test an Aerojet Rocketdyne Hall-effect thruster, which generates low but steady thrust by accelerating electrically charged xenon ions. The thrusters are used aboard Advanced Extremely-High Frequency military communications satellites. But in general, the X-37 program is conducted in near total secrecy. Joan Johnson-Freese, a space policy analyst at the Naval War College, said before the most recent launching that the X-37B appears to be what the Air Force claims, a technology demonstrator and testbed. But she said the secrecy surrounding the program likely will continue fueling interest among potential adversaries. "What's interesting to me is it's being done in such an opaque manner," she said. "If the Chinese were doing this, oh my God, there would be congressional hearings on a daily basis and programs being ginned up to respond to it. It has capabilities that other countries aren't sure about, and so they're going to be very nervous about them. If it's a highly maneuverable space vehicle, that has some pretty significant implications." Play Video CBS Evening News SpaceX launch a major test for its re-usable technology SpaceX launched another Falcon 9 rocket into space on Thursday evening. It was the first liquid rocket orbital class booster to be re-used, a key... The original idea for a small unmanned orbiter was developed by NASA and built by Boeing's Phantom Works division. But the program was turned over to the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, in 2004. Two years later, the Air Force took over. The first X-37B took off on the program's initial orbital test flight April 22, 2010. The spacecraft spent nearly 225 days in orbit before gliding to a computer-controlled touchdown at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. A second X-37B, the same one that landed Sunday, was launched on March 5, 2011. It spent 469 days in space, landing June 16, 2012, at Vandenberg. The third flight, the second for the original OTV-1, took off on Dec. 11, 2012 and landed in California on Oct. 17, 2014, after logging nearly 675 days aloft. The unmanned orbiters are based on the same lifting body design used for the space shuttle and they fly a similar re-entry trajectory. But the X-37B features more lightweight composite materials, improved wing insulation and tougher heat-shield tiles that "are significantly more durable than the first generation tiles used by the space shuttle," according to a Boeing website description. "All avionics on the X-37B are designed to automate all de-orbit and landing functions." The X-37B is equipped with a scaled-down 4-foot-by-7-foot payload bay. But unlike the space shuttle, which relied on fuel cells for electrical power, the Air Force spaceplane is equipped with a deployable solar array that permits it to remain in orbit for long-duration missions. But exactly what the X-37B does in orbit remains a mystery. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Theo and Joe 4342 Views Deported 1494 Views The Nuremberg Prosecutor 1131 Views When Ben Ferencz met Marlene Dietrich 742 Views Learning history from a man who made it 234 Views Play Video Deported Play Video The Nuremberg Prosecutor Play Video Theo and Joe Play Video Nepal | The Lost Girls Play Video Ending Child Marriage? Play Video Changing Cultural Norms Play Video Child Marriage in U.S. Play Video Macron elected in France Play Video American detained in North Korea Previous Next 18 Photos The art of Marc Chagall 42 Photos 2017 Kentucky Derby 42 Photos Diane Lane 11 Photos Interior's Dept's "Share the Experience" photo contest winners 57 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed GOP rep: "Nobody dies" from not having health care GOP narrowly passes Obamacare replacement bill Trump on the "tough decisions" that involve "human lives" Emmanuel Macron becomes France's youngest president Trump threatens government shutdown in the fall New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Cyprus Crime Cyprus Talks Education News in Brief Property Opinion Our View Coffeeshop CM Regular Columnist Guest Columnist Letters Obituary World Africa Americas US election Asia Turkey Europe Britain Brexit Greece Russia Middle East Oceania Global terrorism World in numbers Business Energy Company News Sport Athletics Cricket Football Cyprus football CYPRUS FOOTBALL HIGHLIGHTS Premier League European football Football League Tables FA Cup Champions League Europa League World Cup Formula 1 Golf Rugby Tennis Australian Open ATP & WTA Tours Other Sport Life & Style People Profile A minute with Motoring Entertainment Restaurant & Bar Review Film Review What’s On Showbiz Crossword Health Tech & Science Letters Videos Edit Your Location This week Cyprus Crime Cyprus Talks Education News in Brief Property Opinion Our View Coffeeshop CM Regular Columnist Guest Columnist Letters Obituary World Africa Americas US election Asia Turkey Europe Britain Brexit Greece Russia Middle East Oceania Global terrorism World in numbers Business Energy Company News Sport Athletics Cricket Football Slick Arsenal end United's long unbeaten run Liverpool miss penalty in scoreless draw with Southampton Apoel on the brink of fifth straight title PAOK beat AEK Athens to win Greek Cup final marred by crowd violence Cyprus football CYPRUS FOOTBALL HIGHLIGHTS Premier League Slick Arsenal end United's long unbeaten run Liverpool miss penalty in scoreless draw with Southampton Swansea leapfrog Hull in relegation battle Man City thrash Palace to move into third place European football Football League Tables FA Cup Champions League Buffon celebrates milestone game in style Higuain double sends Juve close to Champions League final Same old story for Atletico against triumphant rivals Real Free-scoring Monaco face Juventus wall Europa League World Cup Formula 1 Bottas wins in Russia for his first F1 victory Vettel ends Mercedes streak with Ferrari pole Vettel leads the red revival to Russia Barca look to bounce back against eternal rival Real Golf Rugby Tennis Djokovic parts ways with coaching team in bid to boost results Nastase slams 'small-minded' Wimbledon over snub Baghdatis beaten in Istanbul Murray sent packing by Thiem in Barcelona semi-final Australian Open ATP & WTA Tours Other Sport Life & Style People Profile A minute with Motoring Entertainment Restaurant & Bar Review Bar review: Do Wine & Dine, Limassol Restaurant review: Nikoklis Inn, Nikoklia, Paphos Restaurant review: House, Limassol Bar review: Ithaki, Nicosia Film Review Film review: The Assignment * Film review: Their Finest *** Film review: The Devil’s Candy *** Film review: Fast & Furious 8 **** What’s On It smells like indie, funky spirit Painting people and their places Show them you care with a piece of art Screening of local film for local cause Showbiz Tom Daley and Dustin Lance Black to wed 'Game of Thrones' creator is working on a new spin-off show Reese Witherspoon honoured Goldie Hawn Kevin Bacon first met his future wife when she was 12 Crossword Health Tech & Science Letters Videos World Africa Americas US election Asia Europe Britain Brexit Greece Global terrorism Middle East Oceania Russia Turkey World in numbers Home FRONT PAGE US Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission May 7th, 2017 Reuters News Service Americas, FRONT PAGE, World 0 comments The U.S. Airforce's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral The U.S. military’s experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies,” the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday’s landing was the X-37B’s first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. Print Friendly Next article Banksy tackles Brexit in Dover mural Previous article No access, no kiosks at Coral Bay Timeline May 8th 9:30 AM Entertainment It smells like indie, funky spirit May 8th 9:29 AM Cyprus Man arrested after injuring police officer May 8th 9:19 AM Cyprus Driver six times over the limit causes accident May 8th 5:00 AM Cyprus The gender gap in higher education May 7th 11:18 PM World Le Pen says National Front to be overhauled after election defeat May 7th 9:01 PM World Macron wins, sighs of relief in Europe (Update 4) May 7th 8:42 PM Cyprus Sizopoulos re-elected as Edek leader May 7th 8:40 PM Sport Slick Arsenal end United’s long unbeaten run May 7th 7:39 PM World Banksy tackles Brexit in Dover mural May 7th 7:34 PM World US Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission Home Cyprus Opinion World Business Sport Life & Style Entertainment Letters Company News 70 Years Back to top CYPRUS MAIL COMPANY LTD. 24 Vassiliou Voulgaroctonou, 1503 Lefkosia Tel: 357 22 818585 Email: mail@cyprus-mail.com Established: 1945 Contact | Terms | Privacy INFORMATION DESK Pharmacies Weekend Doctors Airport Information Seaports & Marinas Currencies & Stocks INFORMATION DESK Emergency & Medical Services Utilities, transport & telecoms Holidays & working hours Citizens’ One Stop shops Cyprus Consumers’ Association © Cyprus Mail Ltd. 2017. All rights reserved. A Cyprus Mail Company Ltd. Site The Divided Island Cyprus Cyprus Talks Crime Education Health Property World Africa Americas US election Asia Turkey Europe Britain Brexit Greece Russia Middle East Oceania Opinion Our View Coffeeshop CM Regular Columnist Guest Columnist Letters Obituary Business Energy Company News Sport Athletics Cricket Football Cyprus football Premier League European football Champions League Europa League FOOTBALL LEAGUE TABLES Formula 1 Golf Rugby Tennis Australian Open French Open Wimbledon US Open ATP & WTA Tours Life & Style People Profile A minute with Motoring Entertainment Restaurant & Bar Review Film Review What’s On Showbiz Tech & Science Videos INFORMATION DESK Education Health People Property CM ARCHIVES CM Supplements 70 Years World in numbers CM News Team By continuing to use the Cyprus Mail, you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this. Close Information Boat
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Cuts Position in Boeing Co (BA) OLD Second National Bank of Aurora Cuts Stake in 3M Co (MMM) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Sells 711 Shares of Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $384,000 Stake in IDEX Co. (IEX) Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Cuts Position in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Great Ajax Corp (AJX) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 12th Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Shares Sold by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Corenergy Infrastructure Trust Inc (CORR) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 12th XO Group Inc (XOXO) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $36.08 Million Monarch Casino & Resort, Inc. (MCRI) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Short Interest in Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Declines By 5.7% Navios Maritime Acquisition Co. (NNA) Short Interest Down 30.2% in April Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Cut by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stake Lowered by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 300 Shares of Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc (ZLTQ) FY2017 EPS Estimates for CONSOL Energy Inc. Boosted by SunTrust Banks (CNX) Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.24 Per Share Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Cuts Position in Boeing Co (BA) May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. decreased its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 0.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 36,463 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 305 shares during the period. Boeing comprises approximately 1.6% of Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Boeing were worth $6,449,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BA. Community Financial Services Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.8% in the third quarter. Community Financial Services Group LLC now owns 51,711 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $6,812,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 14.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 219,305 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $28,891,000 after buying an additional 27,132 shares during the last quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.9% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 231,802 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $30,538,000 after buying an additional 2,041 shares during the last quarter. Partnervest Advisory Services LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 8.4% in the third quarter. Partnervest Advisory Services LLC now owns 3,197 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $421,000 after buying an additional 247 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Exane Derivatives boosted its stake in shares of Boeing by 6.4% in the third quarter. Exane Derivatives now owns 2,072 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $273,000 after buying an additional 124 shares during the last quarter. 74.66% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 185.01 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $111.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.80 and a beta of 1.08. The company’s 50 day moving average is $179.27 and its 200 day moving average is $163.65. Boeing Co has a 12-month low of $122.35 and a 12-month high of $185.71. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.07%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Cuts Position in Boeing Co (BA)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/beese-fulmer-investment-management-inc-cuts-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. BA has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Gabelli restated a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Cowen and Company upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $185.00 to $195.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $162.71 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Morgan Stanley cut shares of Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price target for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $182.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $165.52. In other news, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,169,858.30. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 165,483 shares of company stock worth $28,688,999. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Monday, May 8, 2017  |  Shaban 12, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism The first flight of the Comac C919 from Pudong International Airport in Shanghai, China. Ning De / EPA China’s home-built jetliner makes maiden flight May 7, 2017 Updated: May 7, 2017 02:40 PM Related Boeing 737 plant in China targets 100 jets as MAX 8 deemed fit to fly China’s new passenger jetliner to fly by the summer China targets Boeing 787s and Airbus A350s as it plans widebody jetliner with Russia China Eastern set to order new C919 jets from domestic plane maker Comac Related Boeing 737 plant in China targets 100 jets as MAX 8 deemed fit to fly China’s new passenger jetliner to fly by the summer China targets Boeing 787s and Airbus A350s as it plans widebody jetliner with Russia China Eastern set to order new C919 jets from domestic plane maker Comac China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet took to the skies in Shanghai for its long-delayed maiden test flight at the weekend, a major step for Beijing as it looks to boost its profile in the global aviation market. The narrow-body aircraft is designed to compete with Boeing’s 737 and the Airbus A320. Made by state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (Cocmac), the C919’s test flight had been delayed at least twice since 2014 due to production issues. The jet is a symbol of China’s ambitions to muscle into a global jet market estimated to be worth $2 trillion over the next two decades, as well as of Beijing’s broader "Made in China 2025" plan to spur home-made products, from medicines to robots. "Seeing the C919 take off into the sky made me quite emotional. This is a moment we have waited to see for a very long time," said Wang Mingfeng, 42, who witnessed the maiden flight at the Shanghai airport. "I believe that in the not too distant future, we will be neck-and-neck with Boeing and Airbus." At the moment, though, Boeing and Airbus remain far ahead in terms of sales, technical know-how and order books. And the C919, whose test flight was pushed back at least twice since 2014 due to production issues, may need years of tests to get certified in China, as well as in the United States and Europe. * Reuters business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Qatar Airways to sponsor Fifa World Cup after vacancy left by Emirates Air Arabia profit hit by higher competition and capacity China’s home-built jetliner makes maiden flight Region’s airline passenger growth slows MOST VIEWED Business | All GCC’s VAT framework takes shape Mall rent hikes may force retailers to go online Air Arabia profit hit by higher competition and capacity New chief executive for Arabtec Construction appointed Drake and Scull shareholders reject group’s capital-raising plan Aldar awards main contract for Yas Acres development to Trojan Executive travel: Team bonding at the Tilal Liwa hotel in Abu Dhabi Brent below $50? This is getting worrisome … Emaar Malls first-quarter profit steady Opec may need more than its oil output extension More Most Viewed Third oil spill in Fujairah in two months leaves hoteliers fuming Economic fears dominate the minds of Iranian voters Authorities and parents warn young Emiratis over ‘offensive’ viral dance craze Adec announces longer academic year for Abu Dhabi schools Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed visits soldiers injured in Yemen - in pictures Christian man shot dead inside Egypt barbershop in ISIL-claimed attack Review: In form and on time, Justin Bieber impresses in Dubai show Resident finds every alphabet letter in Dubai from space using Google Earth GCC’s VAT framework takes shape Mall rent hikes may force retailers to go online More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS The Debt Panel: Struggling business owner borrowed Dh230,000 in India and Dubai to fund his company Cheap digs for global billionaires in Dubai Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT After ugly campaign, France presidential election drifts to an almost serene close Israel moves to downgrade Arabic from official language status Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Day after sacking, Mishra says Kejriwal got Rs 2 cr; Sisodia calls it ‘baseless’ Oil ministry to its PSUs: Give details of perks, foreign trips of officials BCCI gives nod, India to send team for Champions Trophy Pakistan man says Indian mission detained wife, MEA says she sought help Want to make Northeast gateway to Southeast Asia: PM Modi Sharad, Yashwant cut across party lines, plan J&K meet PGIMER probes J&K patient’s charge: ‘doc said you throw stones, seek treatment here’ House panel slams Commerce, Textiles ministries over “lackadaisical approach” on facilitating trade Home Technology Science Unmanned US Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission Unmanned US Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission The US military's experimental X-37B space plane landed at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completed a classified mission that lasted nearly two years By: Reuters | Cape Canaveral | Published:May 8, 2017 11:07 am The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. (Source: US Airforce) The US military’s experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership  between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies,” the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. Also Read: SpaceX launches top-secret spy satellite for US government The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Also Read: Space diplomacy triumphs: But will South Asia Satellite become white elephant in space? Sunday’s landing was the X-37B’s first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: NASA Science No Comments. Best of Express Fodder scam: Lalu Prasad to face trial in four cases, says Supreme Court EntertainmentBaahubali 2 box office collection day 10: Is there any other record left for SS Rajamouli film to break? EntertainmentPrabhas writes an emotional note for fans and SS Rajamouli: Thanks for believing in me EntertainmentBaahubali: Ramya Krishnan was not SS Rajamouli's first choice to play Sivagami. It was Sridevi EntertainmentDangal earns Rs 72.6 cr at China box office in 3 days, second only to Guardians of Galaxy Vol 2 Must Read Sports SRH vs MI Preview: Hyderabad face do-or-die situation against Mumbai SportsSmith’s belligerence dwarfs Amla’s grace SportsRCB vs KKR: Sunil Narine — Fast but never furious TechnologyReliance Jio offers 100% cashback on JioFi device: Here are terms, conditions TechnologyOnePlus 5 to feature 8GB RAM, claims leaked screenshot on Weibo TechnologyLenovo Smart Band HW01 with OLED display launched exclusively on Flipkart at Rs 1,999 LifestyleFitness enthusiast Milind Soman to flag off Cult 10K run in Bengaluru May 08: Latest News Two Indian warships visit Egyptian port city OnePlus 5 to feature 8GB RAM, claims leaked screenshot on Weibo War forces 2 million South Sudanese children to flee homes India ‘overly interpreting’ Beijing’s military build up: Chinese media Kapil Mishra to appear before CBI, give statement against Arvind Kejriwal                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
中文 Contact Sitemap Micro-blog Wechat About Us Brief IntroductionCAS Intro VideoFrom the PresidentAdministrationAnnual Reports CAS Institutes Guide to CASResearch InstitutesUniversities & Supporting OrganizationsOther Units & CAS Holding CompaniesOverseas InstitutionsManagement Organizations Newsroom HeadlineNews UpdatesResearch NewsMultimedia NewsResearch in China Research Facts and FiguresKey LaboratoriesBig Science FacilityScientific Database Scientists CAS Members CAS Researchers International Cooperation AwardsInternational ConferencesOur PartnersFellowships Publications MultidisciplinaryEarth SciencesMathematics, Physics and ChemistryLife Sciences and BiotechnologyTechnological SciencesEnvironment Resources LibraryMultimediaPopular ScienceArchive Join Us Career OpportunitiesStudy at CAS /   Home   /   Newsroom   /   Research in China China's Homegrown Jumbo Passenger Jet Takes to the Sky Share   Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ May 08, 2017     Email"> PrintText Size China's homegrown large passenger plane C919 makes its maiden flight in Shanghai, east China, May 5, 2017. (Xinhua/Ding Ting) China took a major step toward becoming a global aviation powerhouse as its homegrown large passenger plane, the C919, took to the sky on Friday. The flight makes China the fourth jumbo jet producer after the United States, Western Europe and Russia. It also marks a milestone for the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), the Shanghai-based manufacturer of the C919. The twin-engine plane departed from Shanghai Pudong International Airport with five crew members on board but no passengers. The plane took off at around 2 p.m. amid applause from more than 1,000 spectators on the tarmac, including Vice Premier Ma Kai and Shanghai Party chief Han Zheng. The flight lasted about 80 minutes. The "C" in the aircraft's name stands for both China and COMAC, while 9 symbolizes "forever" in Chinese culture, and 19 represents the 190 seats at maximum capacity. With a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, the narrow-body jet is comparable with updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new generation 737 planes, signaling the country's entry into the global aviation market. The successful flight moves China one step closer to transforming itself from a manufacturer of low-cost goods to a creator of advanced technology. It marks a major breakthrough of China's large passenger plane project and a major landmark in the development of China's civil aviation industry, the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and the State Council said in a congratulatory letter. It is a great achievement made under the leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, said the letter. "The maiden flight is exciting," said Wu Guanghui, the C919's chief designer, hailing it as the start of a new era in China's advanced manufacturing. China has taken pride in developing the homegrown jumbo jet, regarding it as a symbol of national strength. It began developing its own large passenger jets in the 1970s and the first one, the Y-10, had a successful test flight in 1980. But the project was later abandoned. In 2007, the State Council approved plans to develop a large passenger jet. In November 2015, the first C919 jet rolled off the assembly line. More than 200,000 technicians worked on the project. The jet was designed and produced in China and made with resources from around the world. It is an achievement in global cooperation, said Wu. The C919 incorporated parts from over 30 global suppliers such as Honeywell International Inc. Its engines were made by a joint venture between General Electric and Safran Aircraft Engines. The flight marks the culmination of a successful collaboration between Safran and China. "We are very confident that the C919 will play a more important role in the world aviation industry," said Olivier Dubroeucq, Safran executive vice president of the COMAC and AVIC Programs. "China is willing to share growth opportunities with the rest of the world. For Honeywell, which has invested heavily in China's aviation industry, we are picking the winner," said Steven Lien, president of Honeywell Aerospace Asia Pacific. Despite the successful test flight, it may still take time for the C919 to take off in the market. Shaking the dominance of giants Boeing and Airbus in the near future is unrealistic, observers say, but the Chinese jetliner could be a strong option for global carriers in decades to come. A total of 23 foreign and domestic customers, including China's national carrier Air China, have placed orders for 570 aircraft, according to COMAC. But this is only the very first step. Even in China's domestic market, COMAC has a long way to go to turn technical success into business success. Boeing predicted last year that China will become the world's top aviation market within 20 years, projecting a demand for more than 6,000 new aircraft in the next two decades with a total value of 1 trillion U.S. dollars. China will need 5,110 new single-aisle airplanes through 2035, accounting for 75 percent of the total new deliveries, according to Boeing. The C919 will be a strong competitor in this field as it is economical and comfortable, according to a research note from Guosen Securities. COMAC will seek airworthiness certificates from the Civil Aviation Administration of China and foreign aviation safety regulators before making its first deliveries slated for around 2019. (Xinhua) Attachment： (Editor: LIU Jia) Contact Phone: E-mail: Reference Related Articles Nation's First Domestically-made Jet to Make Maiden Flight Within Half a Year Jun 14, 2016 China's first domestically-developed large passenger jet, the C919, will make its maiden flight in the next six months, according to the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), the Economic Information Daily reported on Monday. It is hoped that the jet will acceler... Xinhua Insight: China's First Big Passenger Plane Rolls off Production Line Nov 04, 2015 China made aviation history Monday, when its first domestically-produced large passenger aircraft was unveiled in Shanghai. The C919 plane was developed by the Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC). When it is cleared for commercial use, it is expected to compete wit... Xi Calls for Careful Preparation for C919 Maiden Flight Nov 04, 2015 On the occasion of China unveiling its first domestically-produced large passenger aircraft C919 on Monday, President XI Jinping extended his congratulations to all those involved and underscored safety as the aircraft enters the testing phase. In a written instruction, X... China-designed Passenger Plane to Launch This Year Jul 24, 2015 China is set to roll out its second domestically-designed passenger plane before the end of the year, as its manufacturers prepare for a test flight. The engine for the C919, which has 150 seats and was designed for short-haul commercial use, was delivered on Wednesday fr... Installation of C919's Onboard Systems Underway Jun 23, 2015 Installation of the onboard system in China's first large passenger jet, the C919, has begun at the Shanghai headquarters of the Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC). Onboard systems are an airplane's "nervous system" and "brain." Installation of the systems will inv... Nation's First Domestically-made Jet to Make Maiden Flight Within Half a Year Jun 14, 2016 China's first domestically-developed large passenger jet, the C919, will make its maiden flight in the next six months, according to the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), the Economic Information Daily reported on Monday. It is hoped that the jet will acceler... Xinhua Insight: China's First Big Passenger Plane Rolls off Production Line Nov 04, 2015 China made aviation history Monday, when its first domestically-produced large passenger aircraft was unveiled in Shanghai. The C919 plane was developed by the Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC). When it is cleared for commercial use, it is expected to compete wit... Contact Us 86-10-68597521 (day) 86-10-68597289 (night) 86-10-68511095 (day) 86-10-68512458 (night) cas_en@cas.cn 52 Sanlihe Rd., Beijing, China (100864) Copyright © 2002 - 2017 Chinese Academy of Sciences
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close US military US military's secret space plane lands with sonic boom in Florida Unmanned X-37B, which looks like a miniature space shuttle, was in orbit for more than 700 days before landing caused sonic boom heard across state Recovery crew members process the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle after an earlier mission. Photograph: Boeing/SIPA/REX/Shutterstock US military US military's secret space plane lands with sonic boom in Florida Unmanned X-37B, which looks like a miniature space shuttle, was in orbit for more than 700 days before landing caused sonic boom heard across state Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuters Sunday 7 May 2017 17.39 EDT Last modified on Sunday 7 May 2017 23.14 EDT The US military’s experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at Nasa’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the US air force said. Mysterious space plane blasts off for secretive US air force mission Read more The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7.47am ET on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the air force said in an email. Media outlets reported that the nine metre (29ft) aircraft’s return caused a sonic boom that rattled central Florida and could be heard as far away as Tampa and Fort Myers. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral air force station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin and Boeing. The X-37B, one of two in the air force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies”, the air force has said, without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are about one quarter of the size of the now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday’s landing was the X-37B’s first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg air force base in California. The air force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of Nasa’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The air force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral air force station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. Topics US military Space Nasa news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video US News › US military back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
08/05/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 07/05/2017 Le Pen supporters boo results Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The French have chosen a new President of the Republic and have voted for continuity" Marine Le Pen Leader, National Front Business 05/05/2017 Oil stabilises, stocks rise on Macron confidence Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The likelihood clearly is that it will be Macron and the stock exchange is happy about that!" Robert Halver Baader Bank analyst World 05/05/2017 EU Brexit negotiator Barnier demands guarantees on citizens' rights Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The only cause of uncertainty is Brexit" Michel Barnier EU's chief Brexit negotiator Business 05/05/2017 Finland fights plastic pollution with "green" bags Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It's the next generation of paper. It's environmentally-friendly, recyclable, renewable, and it's really durable. So, that's the reason why we are replacing plastic with our material." Tuomas Mustonen CEO, Paptic Business 05/05/2017 ChemChina's takeover of Syngenta set to go ahead Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "This is a goal of China to increase their own food supplies through their agro business" Jasper Lawler Senior analyst, London Capital Group World 04/05/2017 Students clash with police as Venezuela violence rages Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Times cannot be defined by the blood of our people" Gustavo Dudamel Venezuelan conductor World 04/05/2017 Healthcare victory for Trump in House of Representatives Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "A lot of us have been waiting seven years to cast this vote" Paul Ryan Speaker, US House of Representatives Culture 04/05/2017 Back from the Baroque Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I’ve dedicated my professional life, since 1965, to the Baroque world via the music of Marin Marais." Jordi Savall Conductor more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, two-year mission Aa Aa Now Reading: Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, two-year mission 07/05/2017 Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, two-year mission REUTERS 07/05/2017 By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) – The U.S. military’s experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive programme, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies,” the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the programme is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday’s landing was the X-37B’s first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the programme in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories France 07/05/2017 Macron vows to rediscover France's 'can-do spirit' world news 08/05/2017 What's next for Macron? A looming parliamentary challenge France 08/05/2017 Party time in Paris as Macron supporters celebrate win Most viewed world news 08/05/2017 How the French press have reacted to Macron's victory world news 08/05/2017 Banksy shows workman removing star from EU flag world news 08/05/2017 What's next for Macron? A looming parliamentary challenge world news 07/05/2017 World leaders react to Macron's election victory world news 07/05/2017 Macron will heal 'divisions' after landslide French election win Editor's choice world news 04/05/2017 EU civil protection stage "real scale" emergency response exercise world news 05/05/2017 A week in Pictures ... May Day, protests and Prince Philip world news 05/05/2017 Cannes festival looks to future for 70th edition Flashback: one year ago Portugal 08/05/2016 'Enthroned' Axl Rose rocks in AC/DC debut in Lisbon Canada 08/05/2016 Canada wildfire 'could burn for months' without rainfall - officials no comment 08/05/2016 Trumping Trump in Oregon no comment 08/05/2016 Tightrope Walking Tournament in China Greece 08/05/2016 Anger over austerity: Third day of rallies in Greece over pensions and tax... Editor's choice world news 04/05/2017 EU civil protection stage "real scale" emergency response exercise world news 05/05/2017 A week in Pictures ... May Day, protests and Prince Philip world news 05/05/2017 Cannes festival looks to future for 70th edition world news 04/05/2017 The politically-incorrect Prince: The Duke of Edinburgh's best one-liners world news 04/05/2017 Afghanistan: U.S. army photographer captures blast that killed her and four... world news 05/05/2017 Five charts to explain France's presidential election world news 05/05/2017 Different perspectives on the French presidential election from our international... world news 04/05/2017 Huge new iceberg twice the size of Luxembourg 'could be imminent' no comment 30/04/2017 Finns compete in annual hobby horse championship Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags French presidential election 2017 France Marine Le Pen Emmanuel Macron Elections French politics Election results Nigeria Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality The Playlist podcast SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News Dateline Insight The Point The Feed NITV News Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Video Latest News Europe Elections US Politics National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America World News Radio 8 May 2017 - 2:36am US space plane lands after secret mission The Boeing-built unmanned space plane blasted off in May 2015 aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance on a secret two-year mission. Source: AAP 8 May 2017 - 2:36 AM  UPDATED 14 HOURS AGO Tweet The US military's experimental X-37B space plane has landed at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force says. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down on Sunday morning on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies", the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. Advertisement Advertisement Trending News Labor slammed over 'Australians First' ad New visa for migrant parents to stay in Australia for up to 10 years - for $20,000 'Tonight, France won': Emmanuel Macron elected French president World leaders react to Macron’s decisive victory 'Trump is right': Sanders defends president's praise of Medicare Trending SBS Masterchef madness as Victory fan Calombaris boils over Masterchef's Calombaris apologises after A-League grand final boil over Ibrahimovic's 'impossible' knee Champions Sydney set to announce signings this week تنبيه هام : اذا وردكم هذا الإتصال اقفلوا الخط فورا In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 881.2K Follow Twitter 275.2K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Technology News Unmanned US Air Force space plane lands after 2-year secret mission (Reuters) Shares64 Mon, 8 May 2017-10:11am , Reuters The US Air Force confirmed that its X-37B unmanned mini-space shuttle landed at KSC after spending 718 days in orbit. The US military's experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies," the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one-quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday's landing was the X-37B's first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA's former shuttle processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. TOP TOP < Sensex gains 78 points on Asian cues; Nifty tops 9,300   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New touchable tablet to guide the visually impaired Sci/Tech This is when the OnePlus 5 might launch! Sci/Tech Is Facebook past its prime? Sci/Tech 'Smart' denim promises touchscreen tech clothes Sci/Tech New app that enables tracking of ambulances to be launched in Goa Sci/Tech Smartphones, tablets may cause speech delays in kids < Previous ArticleNext Article > Sensex gains 78 points on Asian cues; Nifty tops 9,300 Related From Aryabhatta to Sans Frontier Satellite: A list of ISRO’s remarkable achievements! WATCH: Wave of ultra-hot gas, twice the size of Milky Way found moving through space India successfully test fires Agni-II Ballistic Missile from APJ Abdul Kalam Island in Odisha Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags NASA secret mission Space Mission Florida Kennedy Space Center California United Launch Alliance Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office Cape Canaveral Air Force Station NASA Kennedy Space Center Boeing Co. Lockheed Martin Corp National Aeronautics National Aeronautics and Space Administration OTV Orbital Test Vehicle Secure World Foundation Space Administration U. S. Vandenberg Air Force Base SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Macron wins French presidency, to European allies' relief NGT notices to centre, Delhi governments on toxic gas leak Malaysia seizes more than $2 million in pangolin scales in largest haul Fodder scam: SC revives criminal conspiracy charges against Lalu; Here's the chronology of the case Taiwan activists appeal to China not to politicize U.N. health meeting Sport Maria Sharapova sets up Eugenie Bouchard grudge match at Madrid Open Rugby league-NZ's Bromwich, Proctor dumped from World Cup selection Klopp blames `dry` Anfield pitch for Southampton stalemate Soccer-Arsenal loss has focused Man United minds on Europa League, says Mata Soccer-Chelsea exceeded expectations to stave off Spurs - Conte Entertainment Is Reese Witherspoon confirming 'Big Little Lies' Season 2 'Teen Mom's Farrah Abraham slammed over MTV Awards outfit WATCH: Nawazuddin Siddiqui's Pakistani ad receives social media flak! Stephen Fry investigated by Irish police for alleged blasphemy Shekhar Kapur to direct young Bruce Lee film 'Little Dragon' Money Nickel declines 1.19% on overseas cues, subdued demand WRAPUP 2-China's April trade growth slows as commodities, electronics demand cools Royal Enfield looking to buy Ducati? GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro hits 6-month high, Asia shares firm after French vote relief Caplin Point receives EIR for Chennai sterile injectable plant Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Unmanned U.S. Air Force space plane lands after secret, 2-year mission By Reuters Published: 12:31 EDT, 7 May 2017 | Updated: 12:31 EDT, 7 May 2017 e-mail By Irene Klotz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., May 7 (Reuters) - The U.S. military's experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA´s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies," the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration´s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday´s landing was the X-37B's first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA´s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Didn't get the dress code? Paris Jackson keeps it VERY casual at MTV Movie & TV Awards...as she leads stars who missed the mark on red carpet A kiss for luck! Meghan and Harry in tender embrace before he joins William to take on rival polo team as stars cheer them on Busty Katie Price sets pulses racing in barely-there bikini and killer boots... after husband Kieran was left 'jealous' over her cosy display with a DJ Storming the carpet! Amber Rose flashes skin in tiny red crop top with maxi skirt before HAIL washes out MTV Movie & TV Awards arrivals 'Empathy should have no limits': Emma Watson wins first 'gender free' category as Beauty and the Beast dominates the MTV Movie & TV Awards Cara Delevingne decorates bleached shaved head with silver paint while rocking an LBD and racy thigh-high boots at MTV Movie & TV Awards Storming the red carpet! Stars including Hailee Steinfeld have their moment in the spotlight ruined by freak HAIL storm at MTV Movie & TV Awards  'I'm just thinking about all the guys I'm going to f***': Kourtney Kardashian vows to get revenge after Scott Disick secretly brings fling to Costa Rica Britain's Got Talent blunders caught up in a new fix row as eagle-eyed viewers spot 'impossible' tweet and discover contortionist act are professionals Love Me 'Do! Paul McCartney's daughter Beatrice, 13, copies her dad's famous quiff as she makes rare public appearance with rock at Carousel Keeping it Klassy! Busty Myleene shows off her enviable washboard stomach in an array of tantalising swimwear in sizzling Moroccan photoshoot 'This needs an explanatory leaflet!' Viewers take to Twitter to slam BBC Barbara Windsor biopic Babs for being unwatchable due to 'disjointed narrative' Suit you! Gal Gadot swaps her Wonder Woman costume for revealing tuxedo dress at MTV Movie & TV Awards Fashion forward actress Amy Schumer spoofs Oscars blunder and tries to persuade Goldie Hawn to adopt her at MTV Movie & TV Awards It was very much a case of here we go again Beauty and the eek! Emma Watson squeals with delight as Hailee Steinfeld plays Belle in spoof of Disney film at MTV Movie & TV Awards Millie Bobby Brown breaks down in tears after winning best actor in a show at MTV Movie & TV Awards It was an emotional night for the young star You can't rain on my parade! Noah Cyrus dries off after red carpet to hit the stage to perform like big sis Miley at MTV Movie & TV Awards Farrah Abraham wears 'sexy' Bollywood outfit to MTV Movie & TV Awards to bring 'culture' to the red carpet (and she's not worried about cultural appropriation) Sunday best! Kourtney Kardashian takes the plunge in black top and ripped jeans as she attends church with children Model daughter! North West wears $240 jacket from Kim Kardashian's new kids line as the duo enjoy a stylish dinner out in Los Angeles So many versions of Barbara Windsor popped up in the BBC's bizarre bio-drama they were like Russian dolls, only Cockney, in Babs, by Jim Shelley  That's just how he rolls! Zayn Malik takes an unusual route as he slips through an empty luggage trolley to get inside a building in New York 'Set vibez': Kim Kardashian debuts pink hair while wearing a tiny crop top with matching underwear The 36-year-old rocked pink hair 'I'm not sure why the fire brigade arrived!' Helen Skelton reveals her dramatic labour as firefighters helped deliver baby Louis on her kitchen floor Caught in her web! Chrissy Teigen suits up in Spider-Man costume to recreate THAT upside-down kiss with John Legend on Lip Sync Battle Chloe Khan shocks fans as she shares a post-surgery snap of her TINY waist after having fat removed and injected into her derriere Unbelievable! 'We hope you're proud': Emotional Vin Diesel honors late Paul Walker as The Fast and Furious wins generational honors at the MTV awards VS Angel Jasmine Tookes gets leggy in lacy lingerie-inspired blue gown for the MTV Movie & TV Awards Fanned out her boudoir creation  Frock star! Chrissy Metz wears red PVC dress to MTV Awards... as Milo Ventimiglia and Lonnie Chavis pick up Tearjerker award for This Is Us  Terrifying Pennywise emerges from the sewer as young It cast reveals sneak preview of Stephen King horror film at MTV Movie and TV Awards Awkward star Jillian Rose Reed attempts to recreate Jennifer Lopez's most iconic red carpet look at the MTV Movie & TV Awards Rebel Wilson debuts new boyfriend Aden Stay at MTV Movie Awards after donning teapot costume for elaborate Beauty and the Beast performance Zendaya is a goddess in green as she hits MTV Movie & TV Awards red carpet in plunging sheer gown  She showed off her impressive sartorial style Sealed with a kiss! Amber Rose shares provocative throwback video of her making out with Amy Schumer at the MTV Movie Awards Shared a steamy kiss Something to tell us? Zac Efron plants a kiss on his co-star and possible real life love interest Alexandra Daddario at the MTV Movie & TV Awards  Shining star! Allison Williams dazzles in sequins as she steps out for MTV Movie & TV Awards Looked every inch the stunning star  'Working on some new lies': Reese Witherspoon sparks speculation as she shares snap with Nicole Kidman and Laura Dern Channel 4 show Gogglebox set to launch spin-off aimed directly at teenagers who will watch viral videos on smartphones Short clips PICTURED: Edgar Ramirez transforms into Gianni Versace and films outside iconic mansion on set of American Crime Story in Miami Beach Gwen Stefani leads eldest son Kingston by the hand as she takes her three boys to church in Los Angeles She's a church regular  'The White House will have to keep an eye on her!' Donald Trump's first wife Ivana 'is offered £2M to make explosive Celebrity Big Brother return' Tickled pink! Blac Chyna turns heads in bright wig and matching glasses on solo trip Her own unique style Anthony Hopkins calls Mark Wahlberg 'dude' in new clip of Transformers: The Last Knight shot at Alnwick Castle JoJo Fletcher flashes skin in off-the-shoulder crop top as she takes Jordan Rodgers to iHeart Radio Country Music Festival Taraji P. Henson glitters in backless Pucci gown... but loses MTV Movie Award to Emma Watson The 46-year-old Oscar nominee  Out and proud Stranger Things actress Shannon Purser glams up for MTV Movie & TV Awards after revealing she's bisexual Back to business! Dylan O'Brien gives a sneak peek at the Maze Runner: The Death Cure after serious on-set accident Dylan Minnette and 13 Reasons Why cast attend MTV Movie & TV Awards after producer Selena Gomez reveals show will be back for season two 'I just f***ed up!' Shay Mitchell stuns in two daring looks despite dropping an F-bomb during live stream of MTV Awards' hailed-out red carpet  Wolverine actor Hugh Jackman gives his young co-star Dafne Keen a warm embrace as the two take home the MTV Movie & TV Best Duo award What a frill! Jourdan Dunn stuns in satin trousers and ruffled top at MTV Movie & TV Awards The top model looked simply stunning Zoe Ball's tragic lover was 'under enormous pressure' after falling victim to a celebrity accountant who was jailed for fraud  Amy Childs is criticised by her social media followers as she promotes weight loss milkshakes just ONE WEEK after giving birth to daughter X Factor beauty Lucie Jones steals the show in fairytale floorlength ball gown ahead of the Eurovision Song Contest opening ceremony Sad truth of George's lonely last years - by man who knew him best: Hours of daytime TV. Binges on ready meals and Coco Pops. Kenny Goss reveals all Mandy Moore wishes openly gay mother a happy 60th birthday... before skipping the MTV Movie & TV Awards Nominated for best actor in a show 'Everybody is gaining weight': Kristen Bell says Jimmy Kimmel's family are back home and doing well after newborn son had open heart surgery Now THAT'S a flashback! Holly Willoughby accidentally exposes her bra on children's show Ministry of Mahem as cheeky clip emerges Love Island's Sophie Gradon stuns in a racy glitter-encrusted pink bikini as she enjoys romantic holiday with new boyfriend Ashley Ienco Rear-ly working up a sweat! Carol Vorderman, 56, puts her peachy posterior on display in her tight lycra leggings... as she flaunts her stellar fitness  Here come the heavyweights! Professional wrestlers John Cena and Nikki Bella cuddle up on red carpet at MTV Movie & TV Awards 'What are you hiding?' Zendaya quizzes Peter Park in new Spider-Man: Homecoming preview Sunday at the MTV Movie And TV Awards in Los Angeles Host with the most! Adam Devine clutches girlfriend Chloe Bridges before anchoring MTV Movie Awards The 33-year-old actor was the host  Purple rain! Hailee Steinfeld flashes toned torso in glam lilac mini dress as she braves downpour for MTV Movie & TV Awards Final Wonder Woman trailer reveals her childhood and glimpse of the villainous Dr. Poison Another looked at the anticipated release Smitten Britney Spears beams in a LBD while hugging her beau Sam Asghari in Las Vegas Pretty much constant companions  Sheridan Smith shows off newly trim figure after admitting she struggled to lose the weight from her role in BBC drama about Shannon Matthews Jemma Lucy frolicks in the Turkish sea in a plunging swimsuit... a day before Brazilian butt lift surgery that will leave her unable to sit down for THREE WEEKS Jerry's given Georgia her hair brush: Model share photo of herself looking like her mother during the eighties  They say women turn into their mothers Curve appeal! Kylie Jenner showcases her bountiful bust as she flashes skin in racy snaps She loves to flaunt her curvy physique Love Island's Cally-Jane Beech and Luis Morrison reveal their baby girl's name before sharing the first picture of her... after gruelling 32 hour labour TOWIE's Chloe Lewis sizzles in plunging skimpy swimsuit as she puts on busty display on pal's Las Vegas hen do She was already missing her getaway SPOILER! Things get fraught in the courtroom between Tracy Barlow and Liz McDonald as details of Ken's near-fatal fall down the stairs start to unravel 'My butt isn't big enough to be fake!' Instagram star Jen Selter reveals her secret to her famous posterior... and denies getting surgery 'That spark's back': Delta Goodrem left 'devastated' after Seal and ex-wife Heidi Klum enjoy 'electric' red-carpet appearance together Sheridan Smith shows off newly trim figure after admitting she struggled to lose the weight from her role in BBC drama about Shannon Matthews 'He was told off': Gregg Wallace reveals John Torode landed in hot water with BBC bosses for saying the Masterchef hosts weren't pals Carry On queen Babs as a stuffy actress? Don't make me laaarf! CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last weekend's TV   Not given respect 'I couldn't wish for a better sister-in-law!' Mark and Jess Wright gush over their little brother Josh and his new fiancé Hollie Kane as he proposes to her in Dubai A sight for Shore eyes: Bronzed Marnie Simpson shows off her curves as she goes braless in sheer metallic dress for very racy Instagram post That's one way to steal a scene! Jennifer Lawrence pulls a series of silly faces as she takes a break between filming on set of new spy movie Red Sparrow Let your body go with the flow! Madonna poses nude on Instagram and shares topless throwback photo of herself with a gleaming grill Ladies man Brooklyn Beckham spotted mingling with two girls outside swanky London club as he heads home from a wild night out at 2am Vroom vroom! Ashley Tisdale rocks leather biker jacket while walking red carpet at fundraiser hosted by husband Christopher French Pretty in pink! Pregnant Beyonce dresses her baby bump in floral blazer as she poses for fun Instagram shoot She is soon to give birth to her twins 'Is somebody smoking a fish in here?' Amy Schumer has extreme reaction to body paint in hilarious spoof Guardians Of The Galaxy audition  Get to twerk! Blac Chyna shares a raunchy video of herself dancing for the camera in just a sheer dress and black thong on Snapchat She's not shy Summer velvet! Victoria Beckham catwalk show inspires high street designers to opt for plush fabric as fashion statement this season Gemma Arterton stuns in a Seventies-style navy peplum top with matching flares as she mingles with royalty at the Audi Polo Challenge She was all smiles Wet 'n' wild! Glamorous Blac Chyna playfully slaps bikini-clad model's behind as she hosts boisterous pool party in Las Vegas No room for baby! New parents Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk enjoy cruise around town on his motorbike They just welcomed their daughter Lea De Seine on March 21 'He's committed the ultimate betrayal!' Nicole Kidman 'can't stand' that her 'best buddy' Russell Crowe is working with her 'loathed' ex Tom Cruise Testing the waters! Charlotte Crosby exhibits her toned pins in sultry lace inspired swimsuit as she dazzles in sizzling selfie 'Baby wanted some vitamin D': Pregnant Bar Refaeli displays her blossoming bump in darling swimsuit selfie as she enjoys sun soaked break to Ibiza 'She's told all of her pals': Mariah Carey 'wants billionaire casino mogul James Packer back' following speculation she's reconciling with her ex Nick Cannon 'When you find out you're dating a cheater!' Josie Gibson blasts 'lying womaniser' Sam Player in furious Twitter rant after discovering he 'had been unfaithful with FIVE women' Victoria Beckham and Jennifer Lopez among 100 stars warned against failing to disclose they're paid to plug products on social media I Luh Ya Papi! Jennifer Lopez blows a kiss at beau A-Rod as he dutifully snaps away for social media  They just sealed their status as a cute couple Mel B cuts a glamorous figure as she steps out with daughters Angel, 10, and Madison, 5, in LA... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'There were just some issues with her breathing': Pregnant WWE star Brie Bella reveals she was hospitalised due to 'scare' over unborn baby's health Angelina Jolie takes Shiloh and Knox to Renaissance Faire as they munch on a turkey leg and play carnival games after Brad Pitt's tell-all interview about divorce Looking ruff! Emily Ratajkowski goes make-up free as she joins a pal on a dog walk in New York Took her little white terrier out in Manhattan Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 blasts its way to the top of the box office with a stratospheric $145 million haul No 1 for unlikely heroes Suit yourself! Laura Whitmore swaps the classic feminine frock for a trendy white co-ord as she takes a break from theatre run at Sexy Fish brunch Emma Stone leads the stars in a chic checked jacket and frilled dress at day two of the Audi Polo Challenge Looked chic in Coworth Park in Berkshire Doting dad Ben Affleck goes to church with Jennifer Garner and their three kids.... just days after he moved out of family home Keeping her kids close Time for a treat! Size 22 model Tess Holliday shares adorable video of herself feeding baby Bowie an orange to celebrate him turning 11 months old Ink-credible! Katie Price adds to her extensive body art collection as she gets her tenth tattoo while filming new reality series in Miami Mud in Chelsea! Pregnant Binky Felstead can't resist puckering up to boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson... as he is left covered in dirt from taking on a gruelling Tough Mudder challenge Leggy Londoner! Pixie Lott rocks an abstract bodycon dress as she finishes filming Sunday Brunch... the morning after a raunchy show at G-A-Y The Only Way is the ballroom? TOWIE's Megan McKenna dons a lace bodysuit to put on a sultry display in Essex Much a 'do about something! Gary Barlow showcases his newly dyed peroxide blond locks of yesteryear on set of Take That's new music video Golden girl: Former X Factor singer Lucie Jones dons a Grecian metallic gown in a kaleidoscopic dress rehearsal ahead of the Eurovision final Pucker up! Supportive girlfriend Lucy Watson shares a tender kiss with mud-splattered James Dunmore after he completes intensive Tough Mudder Challenge 'John is the first man to stimulate my mind and my body': Vicky Pattison reveals she is ready for MARRIAGE with beau John Noble Egg-quisite! Suki Waterhouse slips her slender frame into midriff-flashing crop top and quirky flares as she hosts star-studded brunch at Sexy Fish 'I couldn't breathe': Gal Gadot admits her Wonder Woman costume was too tight...until she started regular workout routine Tough training for role Poldark 'set to move to a summer schedule to avoid a clash with Victoria' after the ITV royal drama reigned supreme in the autumn ratings war 'Show me straight A's and I'll pay': Nicki Minaj offers to pay college tuition for over 30 fans on Twitter While tweeting with fans on Saturday night 'Leave cooking to those who can!': Fans slam Sam Faiers' 'car crash' attempt to make a curry on Sunday Brunch... after she 'fails to identify yoghurt or confirm if the fish is ready' 'I want to be as independent as possible': Bella Hadid admits she DOESN'T want a boyfriend... as her ex The Weeknd and Selena Gomez make their red carpet debut . Marco Pierre White 'vows on his mother's grave' to 'get' Matt Preston as he reveals the MasterChef host was the reason he quit the popular show Here comes the bride! Former Shahs of Sunset star Lilly Ghalichi stuns in a custom made bridal dress in lavish Beverly Hills wedding She's found happiness  Instagram snap lands British star Alice Eve in race row: Cyber trolls upbraid Star Trek actress for 'culturally appropriating' corn row hair 'A big coup': Honey G 'is being offered £50,000 to appear on Dancing on Ice comeback' after her debut single failed to crack the UK charts 'I got my mum and dad to pick the kids up then I took loads of tablets': Big Fat Gypsy Weddings star Danielle Mason attempted suicide after feeling like she had 'no hope'  Marco Pierre White Jr can't take his eyes off girlfriend Francesca Suter as he plants sweet smooch on her head during romantic night out 'It was the best day of our lives': Jonathan Rhys Meyers' wife Mara Lane gushes that her beau 'helped deliver baby Wolf' in sweet throwback snap of their son's birth on Instagram SPOILER ALERT: Dot Branning reunites with grandson Charlie Cotton on EastEnders... after his return to the Square following mysterious two-year absence Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon looks sensational in ruffled co-ords for glam night out... as her grooming storyline on the ITV soap takes yet another sinister turn I'll have what she's having: Meg Ryan shows off her svelte figure in a white and black dress as she presents an award at the Bentonville Film Festival Meghan Markle attends FIRST ever public event with Prince Harry as she cheers along as he plays polo at Ascot club in front of star-packed crowd Putin's pal Steven Seagal is banned from Ukraine for five years as he's deemed a 'national security threat' His pro-Russian sympathies blamed Karrueche Tran 'to testify against abusive ex Chris Brown in court' after serving him papers on his birthday After months evading court papers Proud father Steven Gerrard shares first picture of his newborn son Lio... a week after welcoming him into the world with wife Alex Shared Instagram post Sienna Miller joins long list of celebrities including Emma Watson to have 'X-rated photos hacked and leaked online' She is wearing a mask 'It's impossible shoes to fill': Paul O'Grady admits that he is worried about doing old friend Cilla Black proud as he takes on hosting role on Blind Date reboot 'Who's ready to dance?' Pixie Lott shows off her toned physique in a racy lace bodysuit as she performs with drag queens at G-A-Y 'They got on like a house on fire': Rita Ora and Brooklyn Beckham spotted 'laughing and joking together as they enjoy boozy dinner in London' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Alex Gerrard makes her FIRST appearance with baby son Lio as she steps out in Liverpool... a week after welcoming her fourth child with husband Steven 'Devastated doesn't even come close': Union J pay tribute to bandmate George Shelley's sister Harriet on Twitter after she tragically dies following car accident in Bristol 'Mummy and me'! Harper cuddles up to Victoria Beckham wearing matching dressing gowns in heartwarming mother and daughter snap Blast from the past! EastEnders Little Mo Slater and Trevor Morgan reunite for the first time in 15 years... and they couldn't look happier to see each other 'Baby Morrison is here!' Cally-Jane Beech gives birth to the FIRST Love Island baby...after it's revealed she had an emergency C-section after 32-hours in labour 'What a f**king farce!' Viewers left RAGING after BGT impressionist is deemed 'the worst ever' by Simon Cowell, gets four red buzzers... yet STILL gets through  Giddy up! Nina Agdal and Chanel Iman flash their toned tums as they bring the beauty to Usain Bolt's Kentucky Derby bash Reese Witherspoon flaunts her toned pins in dazzling yellow mini dress as she celebrates Kentucky Derby in LA 'I wish we'd both been able to clean up!' Kenny Goss admits he used to flush former lover George Michael's drugs down the toilet... and reveals intimate details about singer's funeral Zoe Ball 'will reach out to her tragic boyfriend's parents when the time is right' as his friend tells her 'he loved you so much' Cameraman Billy Yates was found hanged 'We are sending you the biggest of hugs': Zoe Ball's Radio 2 stand-in Kate Thornton says station is behind star after her partner, 40, is found hanged  Premature Infatuation! MKR's Betty Banks puts on a VERY busty display on date night with her policeman beau as the pair celebrate his birthday '10 days early' 'Get to know yourself': Lily Allen encourages more young women to get into songwriting as she makes chic appearance in monochrome at music industry talk  Britain's Got Talent... again! Scandal for BGT as dancer Ali Rasul wows with partner Grace Durkin despite already WINNING dance show hosted by Alesha Dixon in 2011 Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on a VERY busty display in sexy swimwear in latest seductive snaps from Cape Verde break Couldn't resist posting more eye-popping pics SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt set to discover one of the men who abused her is actually a POLICEMAN Her ordeal is far from over 'I've done it in nearly every job. I insist': Aidan Turner hints he may be stripping off again in third Poldark series... as he admits surprise over shirtless 'hysteria' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Busty Chloe Meadows looks sensational in a skimpy yellow bikini... as she escapes her TOWIE drama with former BFF Megan McKenna for the sunnier climes of Dubai Tom Daley, 22, ties the knot with Dustin Lance Black, 42, in lavish fairytale wedding... which included 'performing Romeo and Juliet speech on balcony' The Only Way Is Hertfordshire! Sam Faiers is sleeping in Niall Horan's bedroom as she rents his £1.5 million house... after admitting to having a crush on him 'I'll take a DNA test to prove it': Musician, 49, claims he is Bee Gee Maurice Gibbs' secret love child after facial recognition tests suggested they are related  Sister of Union J member George Shelley tragically dies after being hit by a car in Bristol  Harriet Shelley has died a week after suffering serious head injuries Walk this way! Goldie Hawn looks youthful as ever as she enjoys a sun soaked stroll in form-fitting workout leggings  Scarlet siren Charlotte Crosby sizzles in a bodycon dress with a thigh-high split as she prepares to hit the town for night out Lady in red White hot! Julianne Hough shows off svelte physique in crop top as she dances alongside brother Derek for Move Beyond tour  Looking divine! Gwyneth Paltrow dons skirt with thigh-high split to join Hollywood royalty at UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital Gala Bringing the flower power! Molly Sims dazzles in rose themed gown at benefit gala...just months after welcoming third child Hell for leather! Jaime King flings chic coat over lacy floral dress as she poses with husband Kyle Newman at UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital Gala Cowgirl chic? Olivia Culpo wears little black dress and six inch heels to the iHeart Radio Country Music Festival 'Ridiculously loving, super protective, patient and attentive': Jonathan Rhys Meyers is praised by fiancée Mara Lane as they share their first family photo with baby son Wolf Sending temperatures soaring! Halle Berry flaunts her killer body in semi-sheer jumpsuit as she makes glam appearance at VH1's Dear Mama event 'He wasn't best pleased': Katie Price's husband Kieran Hayler left 'jealous' as she puts on close display in Miami with hunky DJ Tom Zanetti Labour Of Love (Island)! Cally-Jane Beech is rushed to hospital to give birth to her first child with Luis Morrison... who reveals it on Instagram Hot mama! Kelly Rowland puts on a busty display in a lace floral midi at VH1's Mother's Day bash On the town! Scott Disick and rumored new girlfriend Ella Ross spotted out at hotspot TAO on Cinco De Mayo Double denim! Emma Roberts opts for edgy jean look as she poses with on-off boyfriend Evan Peters at star-studded benefit event Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Emmanuel Macron sweeps to victory in French vote Power behind Macron is his best friend and wife Foreign students shun US over Trump France goes to the polls in presidential election French election results: who voted how US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Foreign students shun US over Trump Trump visa crackdown spurs tech moves to Mexico Kushner’s sister uses family name in Chinese investment pitch Federal Reserve warned over maintaining big balance sheet Stephen Ross on New York’s biggest real estate venture Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Volkswagen plans to ‘leapfrog’ Tesla in electric car race Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger reassess technology sector Trump visa crackdown spurs tech moves to Mexico Goldman Sachs wins largest concessions on Volcker rule Vanguard fails to exert influence over high pay Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read What is the outlook for oil and metals after their recent slump? ‘50 Cent’ trading mystery focuses on $20bn London fund Wall Street frets as capital markets trading activity trails off Bank of England rate decision, Australian budget, BT results Markets Spotlight: When new technology means slower growth Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Ricardo Rosselló, Puerto Rico’s young governor We can deliver a Brexit deal that works for all The lean and mean approach of 3G China credit squeeze dents global growth What Theresa May has learnt from Margaret Thatcher Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read There is nothing cute about innumeracy Artificial intelligence closes in on the work of junior lawyers Stephen Ross on New York’s biggest real estate venture Old airliners emerge like dinosaurs along drive through Cotswolds Stanford top in MBA ranking for jobs in finance Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Did South Park accidentally invent the alt-right? The siege of western liberalism City of London’s fringe: fears of oversupply amid falling prices Men Without Women by Haruki Murakami — island life Red Bull and the fight for football’s soul Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times US anti-dumping cases fuelled by Trump trade threats Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week. You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week. You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select Purchase a Premium Digital Trial subscription for per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Africa Today Comment Economic Divide Food for Thought Iran Iran Today Islam and Life On The News Line Pictures that Shake the World Press Plus The Sun Will Rise The Isle True Image Opinion Docs فارسی French فارسی French Iran to hold tender to find plane purchase financers Sun May 7, 2017 10:6AM Home Iran Economy Iran says it is planning to hold an international tender to find financers for its plane purchase plans from aviation giants Airbus and Boeing. Iran says it is planning to hold an international tender to find financers for its plane purchase plans from aviation giants Airbus and Boeing.  Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan, Iran’s deputy minister of road and urban development, told domestic media that the national flag-carrier Iran Air was already preparing the documents for the planned tender.  “Iran Air is preparing the tender documents so that they would be sent to all credible financers across the world,” Fakhrieh Kashan told the state news agency IRNA.  “We are in conditions that allow us choose our desired financers in a competitive atmosphere that a tender creates.”  The official further acknowledged that Britain’s key export credit agency – UK Export Finance (UKEF) – had proposed a plan to facilitate the financing of aircraft purchases from Boeing and Airbus.  He said the UKEF had informed Iran’s Ministry of Roads and Urban Development that it was ready to provide funding for all of Iran’s purchases from the two aviation giants.  Fakhrieh Kashan said the UKEF had even announced that it could resolve any banking problem that might occur as a result of sanctions. He said the agency had announced that it would even provide cash for the purchases instead of banks should a problem emerge.    “Iran held a round of talks with the agency over its proposal. However, we did not continue because any move to provide funds for national projects need to be in line with the general policies of the state,” said Fakhrieh Kashan. “We believe that the international atmosphere is to our benefit and we can provide the funds for our purchases through competitive mechanisms so that we would not have to rely on one single source.”    Loading ...   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2017 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top
Rekord East Today 14°C | 22°C TODAY  14|22°C Partly cloudy Sunrise:  06:33  |  Sunset:  17:33 TOMORROW  13|21°C Cloudy Sunrise:  06:34  |  Sunset:  17:32 Wednesday  11|23°C Sunny Sunrise:  06:34  |  Sunset:  17:32 Thursday  13|23°C Sunny Sunrise:  06:35  |  Sunset:  17:31 Friday  12|23°C Showers Sunrise:  06:35  |  Sunset:  17:31 Saturday  10|16°C Cloudy Sunrise:  06:36  |  Sunset:  17:30 Sunday  10|20°C Sunny Sunrise:  06:36  |  Sunset:  17:30 15 Latest Articles May 8, 2017 Pretoria gets five shots at Mrs SA It’s a new week, get up and get going Nellmapius man’s 7-year wait for ID finally ends Three house robberies curbed by police Everything was ‘Okay!’ at Heuwels Fantasties album launch Whisky Live Festival held in Brooklyn Lyttleton man missing for ten days Elardus Park street now dangerous Crusaders vermorsel hulpelose Bulls op Loftus Pretoria part of a unique international race this weekend Close battle expected for SPAR Port Elizabeth challenge UPDATE: Metro contractors to deal with waste removal CENTURION ADS AND SERVICE From Germany with love Councillor shapes Sunnyside youth through career expo Germiston City News Weather 14 | 22°C News Local news Crime Municipal Schools Sport Local sport School sport Featured Motoring Advertorial Opinion Letters Blogs Pinch of Salt Simply Delicious Lifestyle Entertainment Competitions features_desktop Rooted in East Title Deeds Kids in the East Features Galleries Events Videos National International Pretoria gets five shots at Mrs SA - 5 mins ago It’s a new week, get up and get going - 3 hours ago Nellmapius man’s 7-year wait for ID finally ends - 4 hours ago Whisky Live Festival held in Brooklyn - 21 hours ago Lyttleton man missing for ten days - 23 hours agoView all Three house robberies curbed by police - 19 hours ago Thugs steal R120k at local city tavern - May 5, 2017 Drug haven with a twist - May 5, 2017 Two nabbed in the east with car breaking tools - May 5, 2017 Used goods dealer arrested - May 4, 2017View all Elardus Park street now dangerous - 1 day ago UPDATE: Metro contractors to deal with waste removal - 2 days ago Mamelodi residents protest over illegal connections - May 5, 2017 ‘Forum’ brings refuse removal to halt - May 5, 2017 UPDATE: Menlo Park shredder broken - May 2, 2017View all Tyger Valley shows its support to Cansa - March 23, 2017 Affies-hekwag vereer - March 23, 2017 Busy swimming season for Woodhill - March 23, 2017 Menlo-hokkie trap diep spore - March 23, 2017 Mandjiedans maak insameling ‘n reuse sukses - March 23, 2017View all Local sport School sport CENTURION ADS AND SERVICE - May 6, 2017 Healthy Friday: 7 tips for creating new habits - May 5, 2017 Norwegian billionaire funds ship to remove plastic from the ocean - May 4, 2017 Tech Thursday: Get in on the Instagram action - May 4, 2017 Water Wednesday: 9 ways to a more drought resistant garden - May 3, 2017View all Do You Play Contact Sports? You Should Read This! - April 26, 2017 Prepare for your warmest Winter with these easy and budget friendly décor tips from Sheet Street - April 21, 2017 Revamp your home with throws and pillows for every style - March 24, 2017 Buying a home is not just about pretty pictures - March 14, 2017 Your new go-to, hyper-local property platform is but a click away - February 20, 2017View all Letters Blogs Pinch of Salt Simply Delicious Entertainment Competitions Rooted in East Title Deeds Kids in the East Community galleries News galleries Schools galleries Sports galleries Videos Business International News Offbeat Science Tech & Web Classifieds View ads Place ad Homes Business Listings Love Specials Cars Search News Local news Crime Municipal Schools Sport Local sport School sport Featured Motoring Advertorial Opinion Letters Blogs Pinch of Salt Simply Delicious Lifestyle Entertainment Competitions features_desktop Rooted in East Title Deeds Kids in the East Features Galleries Events Videos National International Classifieds View ads Place ad Homes Business Listings Love Specials Cars News feed Municipal Elardus Park street now dangerous 1200 signatures from concerned residents were handed over on Thursday. 1 day ago Justus de Goede and Rita Aucamp. Photo: Mari Rheeder. Boeing Street in Elardus Park, east of Pretoria, has become a major concern for road users and residents. Ward 47 councillor Rita Aucamp said she had been struggling for years to get the road in a better condition. ALSO READ: Moreleta Park pothole to be fixed soon The road was unevenly paved, its shoulder was deteriorating and the surface was riddled with potholes. Aucamp said one half of the road was a provincial one, with the other part being the responsibility of the Tshwane metro. “We repair the potholes as they come, but the province does not to their part,” said Aucamp. The road was now becoming a risk and danger for road users. “This is a very bad situation, to repair only potholes wont help any longer. The road would need to be redone completely.” ALSO READ: Reporting potholes now a breeze Aucamp handed a petition on the matter this week to the DA’s transport spokesperson in the Gauteng legislature, Justus de Goede. De Goede said the petition with its 1200 signatures would now be submitted to the petition committee. “A public meeting will be held to discuss the road,” said De Goede. He said that questions about the road were conveyed to the MMC. “He will need to answer to these questions.” He said if this road and its upkeep did not appear on the books for the new financial year, the MMC would have some explaining to do. “It costs about R25 million a kilometre to redo a road like this one,” said De Goede. Metro spokesperson Lindela Mashigo said residents could report potholes to: Pothole@tshwane.gov.za or Jefrey.Mabelane@gauteng.gov.za. Mashigo said many roads in a bad condition had reached the end of their life span. “The recommendation is that the road be patched intensively (with a bitumen base) and sealed with a rubber bitumen seal to prevent water penetration on the patch joints.” Mashigo said, upkeep or maintenance would be continuously done where possible. ALSO READ: City Property moves to keep Tshwane safe Councillor Rita Aucamp hands over 1200 signatures to the spokesperson of transport from the Gauteng MPL, Justus de Goede. Photo: Mari Rheeder. Rita Aucamp and Justus de Goede discuss the road condition. Photo: Mari Rheeder. Do you have more information about the story? Please send us an email to editorial@rekord.co.za or phone us on 083 625 4114. For free breaking and community news, visit Rekord’s websites: Rekord East Rekord North Rekord Centurion Rekord Moot For more news and interesting articles, like Rekord on Facebook, follow us on Twitter or Instagram SHARE More by Mari Rheeder Pretoria gets five shots at Mrs SA Everything was ‘Okay!’ at Heuwels Fantasties album launch Lyttleton man missing for ten days From Germany with love UPDATE: De Goede Hoop – still no answers Homes business listings find your dream home FOR SALE looking for an affordable apartment FOR RENT List your Property It's easy in only three simple steps... ADD LISTING find professional services in your area BROWSE DIRECTORY Locate a business operating in your area SEARCH HERE List your Business Want more customers? They're online right now, searching for businesses like yours. Place your ad now... ADD LISTING Latest News Pretoria gets five shots at Mrs SA It’s a new week, get up and get going Nellmapius man’s 7-year wait for ID finally ends Three house robberies curbed by police Everything was ‘Okay!’ at Heuwels Fantasties album launch Whisky Live Festival held in Brooklyn Lyttleton man missing for ten days Elardus Park street now dangerous Crusaders vermorsel hulpelose Bulls op Loftus Pretoria part of a unique international race this weekend Close battle expected for SPAR Port Elizabeth challenge UPDATE: Metro contractors to deal with waste removal CENTURION ADS AND SERVICE From Germany with love Councillor shapes Sunnyside youth through career expo COMMENTS Get in touch Contact our News Room Your name: Your email address: Your telephone number: Your message: Sales Your name: Your email address: Your telephone number: Your message: NETWORK NEWS Sexual pervert allegedly on the prowl Roodepoort Record WATCH: Richards Bay teacher hits pupil twice Zululand Observer La Lucia ‘land invasion’ leaves homeowner stranded Northglen News Preview: Dedicated campers’ frustration grows Lowvelder Principal ‘accidentally shoots’ himself dead Centurion Rekord Pedestrian killed by Mabuza’s convoy Mpumalanga News ‘Muthi’ mystery on a Nirvana Drive home’s entrance Rising Sun Lenasia [JUST IN] Elderly Krugersdorp North man allegedly shot in foot Krugersdorp News Woman (67) assaulted by motorist in parking area at Festival Mall Kempton Express JUST IN: Armed robbers storm Scottburgh Mall – flee with more than R80 000 in cash and goods South Coast Herald Home About Us Advertise Online News Local news Crime Municipal Schools Featured Motoring National International Business International News Offbeat Science Tech & Web Sport Local sport School sport Galleries News Community Sports Schools Videos Opinion Letters Blogs Pinch of Salt Simply Delicious Lifestyle Best of Pretoria Competitions Features Rooted in East Title Deeds Kids in the East Entertainment Events Classifieds View Ads Place ad Copyright © 2017 Caxton & CTP Printers and Publishers Ltd. www.caxton.co.za | www.localnewsnetwork.co.za | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | We use cookies Top Next Story Fill up your tanks as fuel will be increasing at midnight
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football New Testament Church of God withdraws Bunker's Hill pastor from pastoral duties 10:42 pm Nigeria leader meets Chibok girls, leaves for medical trip 10:15 pm Family sues Texas officer, department in 15-year-old's death 10:12 pm JADCO to withdraw appeal against Andre Russell ban 9:40 pm Third of French voters spoiled ballots or abstained 9:33 pm ONLINE READERS' COMMENTS - Repeal oppressive, nonsensical buggery law 9:12 pm China's homemade passenger jet aces first flight Sunday, May 07, 2017 Tweet SHANGHAI, China (AFP) — THE first large made-in-China passenger plane successfully completed its maiden test flight Friday, marking a key milestone on the country's ambitious journey to compete with the world's leading aircraft makers.The narrow-body C919 jet — white with green and blue stripes — disappeared into the clouds after taking off from Pudong International Airport in the commercial hub Shanghai as a crowd of thousands cheered, including top officials. It successfully landed some 80 minutes later and the five-member crew was handed flowers, with captain Cai Jun describing the flight as “very satisfactory”. Built by state-owned aerospace manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), the plane represents nearly a decade of effort in a government-mandated drive to reduce dependence on European consortium Airbus and US aerospace giant Boeing. “China's big commercial jet project made a huge breakthrough. It is a major milestone of China's aviation market,” China's State Council said in a statement. State media said the plane flew at an altitude of around 3,000 metres (9,800 feet), some 7,000 metres lower than a regular trip, and at a speed of more than 300 kilometres (186 miles) per hour. While delayed since last year, the flight is the latest sign of China's growing ambition and technical skill, coming one week after the country launched its first domestically made aircraft carrier and docked a cargo spacecraft with an orbiting space lab. China has dreamt of building its own civil aircraft since the 1970s, when it began work on the narrow-body Y-10, which was eventually deemed unviable and never entered service.   US$1 TRILLION MARKET President Xi Jinping himself has endorsed the new project. His call to arms is emblazoned on the wall of the jet's production facility: “Accelerate the construction of the world's top aviation company and continue to make new contributions to develop a strong aviation industry.” China is a massive battleground for Boeing and Airbus, with the country's travel market expected to surpass the United States' by 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association. Airbus and Boeing estimate that Chinese airlines will need between 6,000-6,800 aircraft at a total price of around US $1 trillion. Both companies congratulated COMAC on the flight. The twin-engine C919, whose name sounds like the Chinese word for “everlasting”, can seat 168 passengers in an arrangement similar to other narrow-body jets: three white-velvet upholstered seats line each side of its central aisle. It has a range of 5,555 kilometres (3,444 miles) and has received 570 orders, almost all from domestic airlines. COMAC made two planes for the test flight and it expects to produce four more by 2019, said Bao Pengli, deputy head of Shanghai Aircraft Manufacturing Co, COMAC's production arm. The Shanghai-based firm aims to become one of the world's leading civil aircraft manufacturer in the next three years, seeking to have the C919 and its ARJ21, a smaller 90-seat regional jet, both certified to fly internationally. But it will be sometime before the C919 is ready to compete with the top-selling products of the world's aviation giants, said Bao. “The biggest challenge is that the whole manufacturing experience still needs improvement because this is the first time China is making a primary route plane,” Bao said.   EARNING TRUST The C919 will need to pass more tests to obtain Chinese airworthiness certification and COMAC hopes to get the green light from US and European regulators. The ARJ21 plane, which entered service in 2016, several years late, is currently restricted to flying domestic routes as it still lacks the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification. Another challenge for the C919 is earning consumers' trust, said Shukor Yusof, an analyst with Malaysia-based aviation consultancy Endau Analytics. “It will take some time for customers around the world to be comfortable buying Chinese aeroplanes,” he said, adding, “it's not going to happen in the next 10 years.” “It's going to be incredibly tough not because it's not a good product. But because you need to get comfort and credibility to the product among potential clients, potential customers.” ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper  email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES Monday, May 8, 2017 Things my mother taught me Madwoman, baby & coolie man Monday, May 8, 2017 This Day in History - May 8 When members of the House saw black Photo: Kick-start Men Who Cook 2017 Break the cycle Bellyful in the kitchen as good as a bellyful in a parlour Hanna not blaming right people Take justice off back burner Let's keep pushing the anti-mosquito message Partisanship hurting nation Pro-EU Emmanuel Macron becomes France's youngest president Nooks out Painful reminder Kick-start AW Fashion: Hear Ye, See Ye, The Met Gala's Finest Gorillaz puts Popcaan, Grace Jones on track ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
  More than just China's pride, large passenger jet C919 "win-win" for global market                Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo   Source: Xinhua | 2017-05-07 04:19:32 | Editor: huaxia The photo provided by COMAC shows that China's first domestically-built large passenger jet C919 at a hanger of the Chemmercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) in Shanghai, China, on May 5, 2017. The plane completes its maiden test flight on the same day. (Xinhua/Photo) by Xinhua Writer Guo Shuang LOS ANGELES, May 6 (Xinhua) -- China's first indigenously-designed large passenger aircraft, the C919, successfully completed its maiden flight on Friday in the eastern city of Shanghai, providing a win-win cooperation for both China and the global market. "The C919 not only generates a great source of pride for China, but also represents mutual benefits and cooperation between China and the rest of the world. For this reason, the C919 program also carries the pride and hopes of people across the globe," Ye Wei, executive director and president of COMAC America Corporation, told Xinhua in an interview on Thursday at his office in Los Angeles, California. The successful flying of C919 is a crucial step in earning its manufacturer, COMAC (Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China), a position alongside Airbus and Boeing as a major player in the large passenger aircraft industry, where the three players could become known as the "ABC" of aircraft manufacturing. AVIATION INNOVATION Out of the overall design of the C919, the airframe is, from its initial design to calculations, testing, and construction, independently researched and developed in China. The research and development of the airframe gave rise to multiple technical breakthroughs, such as the unique design of the supercritical wing and different applications of new construction materials. While some may consider the airframe to just be the shell of an aircraft, Ye emphasized that the development of the airframe represents a major technical component of large aircraft manufacturing. As one of the most difficult steps in the aircraft design process, the C919's airframe technology represents a major step forward for China's aircraft manufacturing industry. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION At the same time, the C919 can be considered a paragon of global cooperation. Major components such as the engines, avionics, control systems, and more are sourced from numerous joint ventures and partners across Europe and the United States. With major suppliers such as General Electric and Honeywell, the C919 project can be said to cover the world. The C919 features major components from 17 Level 1 suppliers around the globe, with Level 2 and 3 suppliers numbering in the hundreds. "This is why the C919 is more than just China's pride. It also represents mutual benefit that stretches far beyond China's borders," Ye said. In order to succeed in an increasingly globalized business world, international cooperation is a must. From this point of view, the C919 provides significant economic benefits to each of its international suppliers and their nations. In posts on its social media accounts, Honeywell stated that with nearly 1,000 of their employees across the world working to support the C919 project, the entire Honeywell workforce shared COMAC's pride at the success of the first flight. Darius Adamczyk, Chairman and CEO of Honeywell was one of the first to send his congratulations to COMAC Chairman Jin Zhuanglong, which read: "We are extremely proud that COMAC chose Honeywell to provide four major systems for this sleek and modern aircraft. We are proud of our partnership with COMAC and eager to continue to help advance aviation capabilities in China." The COMAC provided picture shows that China's homegrown large passenger plane C919 makes its maiden test flight in Shanghai, China, on May 5, 2017. (Xinhua/Photo) NO THREAT TO BOEING, AIRBUS At the moment, China's large passenger aircraft have a long way to go before they can truly compete with Boeing and Airbus on the international market, much less present a genuine threat to either manufacturer. Over a considerably long timeframe, the C919 is planned to mainly be used in China's domestic market, helping to meet its demand. In the short term, production of the C919 will be limited and its numbers will be far from enough to make a significant impact. At the moment, the C919 has a total of 570 orders, the vast majority of which were made by domestic Chinese customers. In fact, at the moment Boeing and Airbus are enthusiastically cooperating with COMAC, making use of the Chinese company's manpower and resources to develop the Chinese aviation market. As one of COMAC's major international partners, Aviage Systems is responsible for three avionics work packages on the C919. Immediately following the first flight of C919, company Chairman and CEO Alan Jones sent COMAC his best wishes, stating "Aviage Systems is very proud to be COMAC's close partner as both sides worked with common purpose, encouraging each other and overcoming obstacles along the way. We are honored to be a part of this historical occasion." Regarding the significance of the first flight and the road ahead, Robert Morefield, a senior aeronautical engineer with over 40 years of experience in the industry,said, "The success of the C919's first flight is a critical step in the comprehensive test flight process. This milestone opens the path for a multitude of required future test flights that will ensure the aircraft is safe and ready for public service." However, among congratulations from all over the world, there were some who used the occasion to politicize the C919 program and treat it as if it was a threat to the rest of the world. "This is a very shortsighted way of looking at it," said Ye, referring to these criticisms. "With cooperation comes mutual benefit. I think this is something people of every nation would like to see," he said. "If other countries were to refuse this cooperation and place unnecessary embargoes and limitations on these kinds of projects, it would only harm the idea of a fair and open market and ultimately damage the economic welfare of individuals throughout the world," Ye said. Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Back to Top Close Xinhuanet 首页 时政 国际 港澳 台湾 财经 法治 社会 纪检 体育 科技 军事 文娱 图片 视频 论坛 博客 微博 More than just China's pride, large passenger jet C919 "win-win" for global market Source: Xinhua 2017-05-07 04:19:32 The photo provided by COMAC shows that China's first domestically-built large passenger jet C919 at a hanger of the Chemmercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) in Shanghai, China, on May 5, 2017. The plane completes its maiden test flight on the same day. (Xinhua/Photo) by Xinhua Writer Guo Shuang LOS ANGELES, May 6 (Xinhua) -- China's first indigenously-designed large passenger aircraft, the C919, successfully completed its maiden flight on Friday in the eastern city of Shanghai, providing a win-win cooperation for both China and the global market. "The C919 not only generates a great source of pride for China, but also represents mutual benefits and cooperation between China and the rest of the world. For this reason, the C919 program also carries the pride and hopes of people across the globe," Ye Wei, executive director and president of COMAC America Corporation, told Xinhua in an interview on Thursday at his office in Los Angeles, California. The successful flying of C919 is a crucial step in earning its manufacturer, COMAC (Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China), a position alongside Airbus and Boeing as a major player in the large passenger aircraft industry, where the three players could become known as the "ABC" of aircraft manufacturing. AVIATION INNOVATION Out of the overall design of the C919, the airframe is, from its initial design to calculations, testing, and construction, independently researched and developed in China. The research and development of the airframe gave rise to multiple technical breakthroughs, such as the unique design of the supercritical wing and different applications of new construction materials. While some may consider the airframe to just be the shell of an aircraft, Ye emphasized that the development of the airframe represents a major technical component of large aircraft manufacturing. As one of the most difficult steps in the aircraft design process, the C919's airframe technology represents a major step forward for China's aircraft manufacturing industry. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION At the same time, the C919 can be considered a paragon of global cooperation. Major components such as the engines, avionics, control systems, and more are sourced from numerous joint ventures and partners across Europe and the United States. With major suppliers such as General Electric and Honeywell, the C919 project can be said to cover the world. The C919 features major components from 17 Level 1 suppliers around the globe, with Level 2 and 3 suppliers numbering in the hundreds. "This is why the C919 is more than just China's pride. It also represents mutual benefit that stretches far beyond China's borders," Ye said. In order to succeed in an increasingly globalized business world, international cooperation is a must. From this point of view, the C919 provides significant economic benefits to each of its international suppliers and their nations. In posts on its social media accounts, Honeywell stated that with nearly 1,000 of their employees across the world working to support the C919 project, the entire Honeywell workforce shared COMAC's pride at the success of the first flight. Darius Adamczyk, Chairman and CEO of Honeywell was one of the first to send his congratulations to COMAC Chairman Jin Zhuanglong, which read: "We are extremely proud that COMAC chose Honeywell to provide four major systems for this sleek and modern aircraft. We are proud of our partnership with COMAC and eager to continue to help advance aviation capabilities in China." The COMAC provided picture shows that China's homegrown large passenger plane C919 makes its maiden test flight in Shanghai, China, on May 5, 2017. (Xinhua/Photo) NO THREAT TO BOEING, AIRBUS At the moment, China's large passenger aircraft have a long way to go before they can truly compete with Boeing and Airbus on the international market, much less present a genuine threat to either manufacturer. Over a considerably long timeframe, the C919 is planned to mainly be used in China's domestic market, helping to meet its demand. In the short term, production of the C919 will be limited and its numbers will be far from enough to make a significant impact. At the moment, the C919 has a total of 570 orders, the vast majority of which were made by domestic Chinese customers. In fact, at the moment Boeing and Airbus are enthusiastically cooperating with COMAC, making use of the Chinese company's manpower and resources to develop the Chinese aviation market. As one of COMAC's major international partners, Aviage Systems is responsible for three avionics work packages on the C919. Immediately following the first flight of C919, company Chairman and CEO Alan Jones sent COMAC his best wishes, stating "Aviage Systems is very proud to be COMAC's close partner as both sides worked with common purpose, encouraging each other and overcoming obstacles along the way. We are honored to be a part of this historical occasion." Regarding the significance of the first flight and the road ahead, Robert Morefield, a senior aeronautical engineer with over 40 years of experience in the industry,said, "The success of the C919's first flight is a critical step in the comprehensive test flight process. This milestone opens the path for a multitude of required future test flights that will ensure the aircraft is safe and ready for public service." However, among congratulations from all over the world, there were some who used the occasion to politicize the C919 program and treat it as if it was a threat to the rest of the world. "This is a very shortsighted way of looking at it," said Ye, referring to these criticisms. "With cooperation comes mutual benefit. I think this is something people of every nation would like to see," he said. "If other countries were to refuse this cooperation and place unnecessary embargoes and limitations on these kinds of projects, it would only harm the idea of a fair and open market and ultimately damage the economic welfare of individuals throughout the world," Ye said. [Editor: huaxia ] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Copyright © 2000 - 2016 XINHUANET.com All Rights Reserved. 010020070750000000000000011105091362622151
   April 3, 2016 Go Deeper Bios Obits Hall of Fame News/Rumors WrestleMania 33 Movies Photo Galleries Video Story Archive Features Columnists Editorials Cartoon Reviews PPV Reviews CAC PWHF Tragos/Thesz HOF Chris Benoit double  murder/suicide Glossary Chats, Q&As About Us News & Rumours Bios Obits Canadian Hall of Fame WrestleMania 33 WrestleMania 33 photos Movie Database Minority Mat Report Columnists Features Results Archive PPV Reviews SLAM! Wrestling store On Facebook On Twitter Send Feedback Male Wrestlers Abyss Dean Ambrose American Alpha Curtis Axel Finn Balor Bad News Barrett Big E The Big Show The Briscoes Daniel Bryan John Cena Cesaro Adam Cole Alberto Del Rio Christopher Daniels Drew Galloway Jeff Hardy Matt Hardy Curt Hawkins Mark Henry Jeff Jarrett Chris Jericho Kane Kofi Kingston Brock Lesnar Jay Lethal Magnus The Miz Rey Mysterio Neville Randy Orton Kevin Owens Roman Reigns Aron Rex Cody Rhodes Seth Rollins Robert Roode R-Truth Ryback Samoa Joe Sheamus Harry Smith A.J. Styles Jack Swagger Undertaker Jey Uso Bray Wyatt Eric Young Sami Zayn Dolph Ziggler More Bios Women Wrestlers Allie Melissa Anderson Sasha Banks Bayley Alexa Bliss Charlotte Alicia Fox Santana Garrett Christy Hemme Mickie James Gail Kim Angelina Love Becky Lynch Natalya Rosemary Velvet Sky Tara/Victoria More Bios Reviews Books DVDs CDs, Games Movies Videos Video Games Photo Galleries CAC 2017 Icons of Wrestling Raw in Orlando WrestleMania 33 main events WrestleMania 33 early bouts NXT Takeover: Orlando WWE Hall of Fame WrestleManias WM 33 WM 32 WM 31 WM 30 WM 29 WM 28 WM 27 WM 26 WM 25 WM 24 WM 23 WM 22 WM 21 WM 20 WM 19 WM 18 WM 17 WM 16 WM 15 WM 14 WM 13 WM 12 WM 11 WM 10 WM 9 WM 8 WM 7 WM 6 WM 5 WM 4 WM 3 WM 2 WM 1 Sport Index Hockey Jr. Hockey Wrestling MLB NBA CFL NFL Van. 2010 Fighting Soccer Golf Tennis Motorsports Lacrosse Curling Skiing Figure Skating Other Sports Big Events Photo Gallery Hockey Gallery The Casino Rama  Grill Room SCOREBOARD PHOTO GALLERY VIDEO GALLERY SPORTS TALK TRANSACTIONS DAILY SPORTS SKED UPCOMING EVENTS QUOTE OF THE DAY TRIVIA FOOTBALL POOL RECENT PHOTO GALLERIES: CAC 2017 | Icons of Wrestling Raw in Orlando | WrestleMania 33 THE SCOOP: Visit our News & Rumours page. In Memoriam: J Michael Kenyon, Master of Mat History By STEVE JOHNSON - SLAM! Wrestling Tweet J Michael Kenyon If you combined Falstaff, Hemingway, and Gus the Wrestling Bear, you might just start to capture some of the essence of J Michael Kenyon. Just some of the essence, mind you, because they never drunkenly drove a car into San Diego's Mission Bay, changed their names to suit a woman, or spent hours sleuthing that it was Wayne Barnett, not Barrett, who wrestled at Turner Hall in Alton, Illinois, in January 1945. "He has led an existence heavy on the theatrical and at times the haphazard, often becoming a better story than the one he was writing," Seattle sportswriter Dan Raley quipped in a 2007 profile. So while Kenyon died May 6 at 73, his lifelong pursuit of wine, women, and wrestling ensures that he will remain as vivid in the afterlife as he was when he was swapping vasectomy stories with "Shag" Thomas, his first wrestling idol. As Dean Silverstone, his friend of more than half a century, wrote in I Ain't No Pig Farmer!: "To the average Joe who has not been involved in wrestling, Kenyon's life would appear extremely odd, but to an old carny such as myself, he's just a decent, normal, fun-loving friend." Living in Port Orford on the southern Oregon coast, Kenyon had not been well for years, suffering from congestive heart failure and a variety of other maladies. Health issues never deterred him from cranking out novella-length emails of obscure wrestlers and results, opining on the oddities of Civil War General Daniel Sickles, or making corrections to the record in his self-appointed role as the Wrestling Spelling Police. Even in death, he was hard to pin down. KIRO, a Seattle TV station, reported that he died April 26 at his home. That date was a surprise to his legion of friends who received an April 28 email from him about 1954 wresting results in Jackson, Tennessee. "We just exchanged emails last week. He warned me that the Wrestling Spelling Police may be paying me a visit over my Honolulu research," said Mark Hewitt, author of Catch Wrestling: A Wild and Wooly Look at the Early Days of Pro Wrestling in America. "J Michael was the keeper of the chronicles and could always be depended on for help." "I met him in 2013, through emails. We never spoke directly, but I considered him a great friend," said Mike Zim, son of "Wild" Bill Zim. "He was the one who inspired me to research dad's wrestling history. That quickly reached into all kinds of topics, since he was such a Renaissance man. Baseball, basketball, movies, history, politics, newspapering, radio, thunder boats, horse racing." The Seattle Mariners expressed their condolences to Kenyon, who covered the team from its inaugural season in 1977 through 1981. "He was a colorful personality, who had a photographic memory and loved baseball, professional wrestling, golf and the game of croquette and the game of life," the team's publicity department said in a statement May 7. The Budding Author Michael Eugene Glover was born October 11, 1943 in Seattle, the son of a postal carrier who loved the ponies. He described his father Lester as "painfully shy." When colleagues gave the senior Glover a going-away present following a half-century of selling pari-mutuel tickets at the Longacres Race Track in Seattle, all he could say was, "Gee, this is swell." His son had no such inhibitions. He was well into his literary career as a teenager, selling ads for the Roosevelt High School yearbook in Seattle, poring over newspapers at which he'd eventually work, and writing fan letters to sportswriter W.C. "Bill" Heinz, author of The Professional, a boxing novel. "The way I remember it, I read The Professional when it came out in January 1958, and for the first time in my life wrote to the author to tell him how much I liked his book," Kenyon recalled. "I must have taken months to work up the nerve, because the reply from Bill Heinz, which came within a few days, was dated October 11, 1958, my birthday." Though he was only 16, Kenyon had been tinkering with writing westerns, and the lessons Heinz imparted about character development influenced everything he did from then on. Characters, Heinz explained, must be permitted to think for themselves, each with his own manner of speech and level of thought. The writer should not tell, but show. "You cannot imagine how important it was for me to learn these unwritten rules of writing. I had been writing fiction, Westerns, for only the past seven years. I knew I didn't want to write in the classic style of the omniscient author. I didn't have the voice for it, the language. Studying Hemingway, I felt I was getting close to the style I wanted to develop. I began reading The Professional and there it was on every page," Kenyon recalled. At the same time he was learning to write, Kenyon was falling under the spell of Henry Elliott's Seattle wrestling promotionin typical Kenyonesque prose, he said he found himself "gobsmacked" by the wondrous world of pro wrestling. In particular, he was captivated with James "Shag" Thomas, the short, squat ex-Ohio State football player who was touring the Northwest because opportunities for black wrestlers were too few and far between. In 1960, at about the time Thomas was executing a turn from heel to hero in a feud with Tony Borne, Kenyon summoned the courage to approach the wrestler and ask permission to run a fan club. "'No,' he said, sizing me up (as I had reached my full height of six-foot-four, that meant his head was tilted up at a rather severe angle), and laughing about the Mutt and Jeff aspect of our heights. Almost instantly, we seemed to connect on some level ... he asked about me, about where I lived, went to school, how long I'd been a wrestling fan, etc. ... and before I knew it, he'd agreed to let me launch a fan club in his honor," Kenyon said. Outside of relatives, Thomas was the first adult who befriended Kenyon, and he became a confidant of sorts for the 17-year-old boy. "Shag was such an influence on me! Even to the point, I must admit, that I followed his lead ... albeit years later ... when I got a vasectomy. I'll never forget the night I huddled with him prior to a show in Seattle's Eagles Auditorium (must have been sometime late in the fall of 1961) and, when I asked him why he seemed to be walking a little more slowly than usual, he explained, in some detail, the surgical procedure he had undergone that very afternoon. And, with a shrug, he went right into the ring and participated in a slam-bang, 30-minute wrestling match. 'Can't afford not to work,' he said, with the friendly smile he always seemed to have for me." Paul Diamond, and J Michael Kenyon with his wife Joan at a Cauliflower Alley Club reunion. Photo by Rose Diamond New Lines of Work For two dollars, Kenyon -- still lanky Mike Glover at the time -- turned over the reins of the Thomas fan club to Silverstone, three years his junior, as he went into the Army in Texas. Upon exiting, the father of his first wife Trudi -- a serial groom, Kenyon would have five brides -- tried to entice him into a lucrative screw machine products business that claimed aerospace giant Boeing as one of its clients. It wasn't in character for Kenyon. "When confronted with the choice of standing in front of a lathe or sitting in front of a typewriter propped up at the end of the nearest saloon bar, I opted for the latter," Kenyon said. He would work for Washington newspapers in Yakima, Tacoma, and Seattle, among others, By his own count, he was fired and rehired four times between 1965 and 1980 at the Post-Intelligencer, where his beat at the ripe old age of 23 included the first year of the NBA Seattle Supersonics in 1967-68. But wrestling was never far from his mind. In 1966, he and Silverstone hooked up to form Western State Wrestling, a promotion that would run Port Angeles, Washington, every other Thursday night. On the afternoon of the third show, in October, Silverstone swung by Kenyon's house. His business partner sheepishly walked out, still in his pajamas. "My wife won't let me go. We haven't made any money and she doesn't think we will." How could such a marriage last? Answer: it couldn't. Kenyon became smitten with Lee Franke, a woman he met at a Seattle pub, quit the Seattle paper for one in Baltimore, and changed his identity to get married in June 1968. He spotted the Kenyon Printing Co. when he was driving through Lynnwood, Washington, and thought it would be a dandy last name. He put a "J" in front -- no period -- and declared himself to be J Michael Kenyon. Bill McFarland handled the legal aspects of the name change; he was a 315-goal scorer in the old Western Hockey League and one-time president of the World Hockey Association. "His nickname was 'Packy' and that's what I called him when he played and when I handed over his fee, one U.S. Grant ($50), on the day a Superior Court judge in Seattle said, 'Have a nice life, Mister Kenyon.' " Perhaps not coincidentally, Kenyon nee Glover left his love of hockey behind with his name change. Once a front-row customer of the Seattle Ironmen and Americans in the 1950s, he soured on the sport when players started wearing helmets. "When I followed the game, the only guys who wore hats were the ones who already had metal screws fitted into their brain sacs," he fumed. Loving Instability The marriage to Lee didn't last long, and Kenyon was disappointed to find the Baltimore Evening Sun's narrow columns rendered his byline as "Mike Kenyon." By 1970, he had morphed into a boxing entrepreneur in Ohio, with Dean Chance, a former Cy Young Award winner known as one of baseball's freest spirits. Then with the Cleveland Indians, Chance hired Kenyon as matchmaker and publicity guru for his budding boxing business. The idea was to create a year-long, $250,000 program that would produce boxing shows in Canton, Akron, and Youngstown. "I'm amazed at the reception we've received in the area," Kenyon told the Akron Beacon-Journal. "Ninety-five percent of the people we've talked to are tremendously enthused about our plans and many are non-boxing people." The gig spanned two months before the peripatetic Kenyon was on the road again, reviewing films for the Hollywood Reporter. At various points in his career, he'd promote horse racing, croquet, basketball, rodeo shows, and serve as spokesman for the United Hydroplane Racing Association. Some ventures ended badly; others ended even worse. As an editor at a California newspaper during the height of Watergate, he was canned for running a front-page picture of President Richard Nixon with the cutline: "Would you buy a used car from him now?" Yet all roads led back to Seattle, and when the Mariners entered the American League as a not-very-good expansion team in 1977, Kenyon was back at the Post-Intelligencer as their beat writer. The reason was simple: the man could write. All those lessons from Heinz and Hemingway stuck with him even during his excursions into risky businesses. In his daily stories, there was no dry recitation of facts and figures. He always approached his subject sideways, as in his lead to a 1978 piece about a Minnesota Twins-Mariners game: "Within Gene Mauch's right shoe, sans tongue and laces, an inflamed foot nearly as uncontrolled as his pitchers were last night. In the clubhouse, Mauch didn't know which ached more -- the foot or the 13-6 loss to the Seattle Mariners. In the air-conditioned Kingdome palace, there was nothing cool about the bats of either team.  There was nothing cool about Mauch's right foot, either." "The P-I sports department in those days was a Jack Nicholson short of One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest," wrote Seattle journalist Art Thiel. "I'll never forget the informal competition between two of my writer heroes, J Michael Kenyon and Blaine Johnson. Known as 'One for the Thumb,' they raced to see who could be the first to a fifth marriage." Kenyon was one of the earliest sportswriters to branch into radio, hosting shows on KING and KVI in Seattle. At KING, he walked out in the middle of his show to protest a station manager's interference. At KVI, which he joined in 1980, he planned to drop a marshmallow 280 feet from the top of the Kingdome in recognition of New York Yankee manager Billy Martin's fistfight with a marshmallow salesman. American League President Lee McPhail vetoed the gimmick. When Woody Hayes was in Seattle for a clinic, Kenyon called in to the ex-Ohio State football coach to ask about a punching incident at the Gator Bowl that led to his dismissal. Hayes cursed and hung up on Kenyon. "I personally believe the world of wrestling created his personality because, in real life, he acted like a heel worker," Silverstone said. "If someone didn't like what he did, he'd say 'Screw you,' and he'd move on." In fact, Kenyon aid one of his few regrets was choosing radio over newspaper work, instead of trying to find a way to accommodate both. "If I had to do it all over again, I'd argue harder to have the P-I let me do the newspaper and radio thing," Kenyon told Raley in the 2007 profile. "I'd probably still be there." J Michael Kenyon receives the James C Melby Award in Waterloo, Iowa, at the George Tragos/Lou Thesz Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame. Photo by Wayne McCarty The Dean of Wrestling History Whatever his game, or his dame, for that matter, Kenyon always kept on top of wrestling history, poring over old newspapers and microfilms for clues to the business that so entranced him as a kid. He collected his musings, scribblings, and notes in "Wrestling As We Liked It," aka the WAWLI papers, probably the single largest arcana collection of its kind. A typical rambling issue included clippings on a 1935 bans on soda bottles at wrestling events in Norfolk, Virginia, and aged results from Bridgeton, New Jersey, and Holyoke, Massachusetts. The carnival aspect of wrestling-- midgets, sideshows, and bears -- was a particular point of pleasure with Kenyon. For years, his "Sunday Punches" column on the Cauliflower Alley Club website was the go-to place for memories of days gone by, since he didn't have much use for wrestling post-1965. "Boy, what I would give to have one more crack at watching the likes of Nomellini, Kiniski, the Torres brothers, Barend and Dubuque, Steve Stanlee, Bob Orton, Bobo Brazil and Lord Blears -- all on one show, at a delightful old venue like the [San Francisco] Winterland, the converted ice skating rink at the corner of Post and Steiner," he lamented. Still, he updated CAC members on current topics such as Vince McMahon's TV shows and the latest from wrestling journalist Dave Meltzer, who turned a lot of Kenyon's research into mainstream articles. "At one point around 1974, he asked me if we could do a newsletter together because his regular sports work made covering wrestling as detailed as he would like difficult," Meltzer wrote upon Kenyon's death. "As it turned out, he lost interest in furthering that within a few months, and would disappear and return to covering wrestling over the years.  Because of his background in promoting events, he had a combination of insider knowledge, trivial and historical knowledge of pro wrestling, and an understanding of the business as it was like nobody of his era." Kenyon had a hand in record books chronicling Gorgeous George, Jim Londos, Sandor Szabo, and others, and posted on wrestling message boards under the moniker "Old Fall Guy," a tip of the hat to Marcus Griffin's 1938 wrestling expose, The Fall Guys. But his most valuable contribution came in digital reams of behind-the-scenes correspondence, from a monograph on a wrestling swindle in 1919 to his talks with Myrtle Casey, the sister-in-law of former world champion Steve "Crusher" Casey. His resources informed every wrestling history book written in the last two decades. "Bloody" Buddy O'Brien was initially an afterthought in our book, The Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame: The Heels. By the time we tapped Kenyon's reservoir of research, O'Brien was a featured section, and his family learned details about him they never knew. In 2010, when he received the James Melby Award from the National Wresting Hall of Fame/Dan Gable Museum, Kenyon took a stab at explaining the history of wrestling research, taking care to credit his longtime allies in minutiae such as Tom Burke, Don Luce, Burt Ray, Steve Yohe, Mark Hewitt, and the late Fred Hornby. "Like movie stars, lots of grapplers used made-up names to begin with -- and then, to shroud the fact they were on losing streaks ("jobbers" in the parlance of the trade), they continued to change their names. My particular passion, for 55 years, has been trying to straighten out all those monikers." In recent years, Kenyon and Joan were pretty much confined to their home in Port Orford. They got an occasional visit from Al Bianchi, a friend of 50 years who coached the inaugural edition of the Supersonics. He was working with Kenyon on a book about the changing nature of basketball. "Along the way, I'll be attempting to correct as many of the errors made by other pro cage historians whose research, here and there, proved a little faulty," Kenyon said, who also may have been the world's leading authority on the history of the Harlem Globetrotters. Otherwise, the Kenyons were pretty much limited to the post office, the grocery store, and the library. "Funny about being a 'shut-in,'" he said. "When Harry Elliott cranked up what would become the halcyon years of Seattle wrestling promotion in 1959, his spiel to the TV audience at the top of the weekly (live) program on would always include a big hello and howdy to 'those shut-ins at home across the Pacific Northwest.' "Now, 53 years later, I'm just about a fully qualified member of the clan ... But, as the Brits forever are reminding us: 'musn't grumble.' And it's true: I haven't got the slightest kick in the world coming ... I've had enough fun and good times for 10 lifetimes." RELATED LINKS Nov. 11, 2005 story by J Michael Kenyon: The ultimate sacrifice: An honor roll of wrestlers who gave their lives for Uncle Sam July 2010 Column by J Michael Kenyon: The history of wrestling "historians" Previous SLAM! Wrestling obituaries Steven Johnson and Greg Oliver dedicated The Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame: Heroes & Icons to Kenyon and the wrestling research industry he spawned. There's no way we can repay the debts we owe him, other than to continue to write about wrestling with honesty, humor, and a passion for the facts. Here's the tale behind that dedication: 'This is swell?  the story of the dedication WHAT'S HOT - DVDs Diva Diaries with LuFisto Developmentally Speaking with Brian Myers YouShoot - Alberto El Patron Golden Age of Quebec Wrestling Vol. 3 WHAT'S HOT - MERCH Rey Mysterio Autographed Mask TNA Impact Replica World Title Belt Hardy Boys 18x24 Autographed Print
Latest News Dow 21,007 +55.47 +0.26% Nasdaq 6,101 +25.42 +0.42% S&P 500 2,399 +9.77 +0.41% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,300.40 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 395.15 2:43 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel rejects PPG's 3rd takeover offer 2:42 A.M. ET China trade surplus widens, as momentum slips 2:42 A.M. ET Centrica backs 2017 guidance, including job cuts 2:41 A.M. ET German manufacturing orders rise 1% on month 2:20 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index futures point to 0.3% opening rise 2:20 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index futures point to 0.7% opening rise 2:20 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index futures indicate 0.5% opening gain 1:21 A.M. ET Oil rebounds on expectations of more OPEC production cuts 1:05 A.M. ET Westpac profit lifted by markets-related business 1:04 A.M. ET Australian homebuilding approvals drop in March 1:04 A.M. ET China's exports rise 8% in April 12:01 A.M. ET This is exactly how much where you live relates to your cancer risk 5/07 Watson won ‘Jeopardy,’ but IBM is not winning with artificial intelligence 5/07 Updated Secret Air Force ‘space plane’ lands after nearly 2 years in orbit 5/07 Snap earnings: First report since IPO is major test for Snapchat parent company 5/07 Updated Macron handily wins French presidential election—seen as an upbeat sign for the stock market 5/07 Nikkei, other Asian markets surge after Macron’s victory 5/07 Texas governor signs law banning ‘sanctuary cities’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense The Margin Get email alerts Secret Air Force ‘space plane’ lands after nearly 2 years in orbit By Mike Murphy Published: May 7, 2017 11:16 p.m. ET Share Drone wakes up central Florida with sonic boom U.S. Air Force via Reuters The U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is seen at NASA's Kennedy Space Center on Sunday. By MikeMurphy Editor A secretive unmanned U.S. Air Force “space plane” landed Sunday in Florida after a record-breaking time in orbit, waking up thousands of Floridians in the process. The X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle, which resembles a mini space shuttle, landed at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center around 8 a.m. Eastern, startling many on the ground as it sent a sonic boom across central Florida. Built by Boeing Co. BA, +1.06%  , the reusable, solar-powered X-37B was in orbit for almost two years — 718 days in all, breaking the endurance record set by a previous X-37B flight of 614 days. Overall, the program’s spacecraft have spent 2,085 days in orbit, according to the Air Force. “The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation,” said program manager Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, in a statement. “We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities.” Thought somebody crashed into my garage ... It was just a sonic boom 🙄😐 Thanks @NASA for the scare!— Felicity Smoak (@6thGreekLetter) May 7, 2017 I know I'm not crazy and I'm sure everyone heard that loud Sonic boom?? #Orlando @NASAKennedy @WFTV— M ⚜️ (@mvpd_x) May 7, 2017 The #X37B #OTV4 is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft. Find out more about today's landing here: https://t.co/GUGgOMQiYg pic.twitter.com/HfHHVnWhYc— U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 is back after more than 700 days in #Space. @NASAKennedy pic.twitter.com/02WdzMSDJe— U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 The exact mission of the X-37B was secret, but the Air Force said the program is intended to “demonstrate technologies for a reliable, reusable, unmanned space test platform.” It was the fourth mission for the X-37B, with a fifth scheduled for later this year. More from MarketWatch Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air Anxiety Disorder: Is There an Escape? Quote References BA +1.94 +1.06% Most Popular Goldman says oil prices on the brink of ‘capitulation’ Secret Air Force ‘space plane’ lands after nearly 2 years in orbit Why Buffett told his wife to buy index funds rather than Berkshire's stock This man has put 'tens of billions' into the pockets of investors, Buffett says '13 Reasons Why': Sending the Wrong Message? MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $185.01 +1.94 (+1.06%) Volume 2.5M Open $183.16 High $185.07 Low $183.16 P/E Ratio 22.67 Div Yield 3.07 Market Cap 111.7B
Search Watch Live Home Vote 2017 UK Brexit Trump World Business Tech Entertainment Offbeat Weather Space plane X-37B lands at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida A mysterious unmanned military space plane lands in Florida, creating a sonic boom that unnerves residents. 07:39, UK, Monday 08 May 2017 The #X37B #OTV4 is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft. Find out more about today's landing here: https://t.co/GUGgOMQiYg pic.twitter.com/HfHHVnWhYc— U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Whats App Mail By Sharon Marris, News Reporter An unmanned US military space plane has landed at NASA's Kennedy Space Center following a mission lasting more than two years. The X-37B, which looks like a miniature space shuttle, touched down on Sunday morning, causing a sonic boom as it landed on a runway once used for space shuttles which have been mothballed. Twitter users reacted to the sonic boom with one saying her house "shook" and her dog had "gone into a frenzy". Exactly what the space plane was doing during its 718 days in orbit is not entirely clear, with the US Air Force saying the orbiters "perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies". The cost of the mission - the fourth and longest so far - is classified. The Secure World Foundation, a non-profit group that promotes the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests intelligence-related hardware is being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. At 29 feet-long and with a wingspan of 15 feet, the Boeing-built craft is about a quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's now-retired space shuttles. The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 is back after more than 700 days in #Space. @NASAKennedy pic.twitter.com/02WdzMSDJe— U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 This mission began in May 2015, when the plane set off from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co. Its first mission was eight-months-long from April 2010, its second from March the following year lasted 15 months. A third took off in December 2012 and ended after 22 months. Another mission is scheduled later this year. According to the Orlando Sentinel, sonic booms used to be common in the area during the 30 years of NASA's manned space shuttle programme, with landings at the Kennedy Space Center preceded by a loud double boom. But the last of those shuttles landed nearly six years ago. There is also a type of rocket - SpaceX's Falcon 9 - which produces sonic booms and these were last heard earlier this month. But officials had refused to confirm the return date for the X-37B, so its arrival was not expected by residents. NASA Top Stories Macron promises unity after winning election Macron needs help to deliver reform Bravo! Leaders rejoice at Macron's victory Girl, 2, seriously hurt in 'horrific' dog attack Monday's national newspaper front pages Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Vine Google+ About Sky News Down About Us Sky News International Sky News Library Sales Site Map Editorial Guidelines Supreme Court Live Sky News Services Down Sky News RSS Sky News For Your Phone Sky News Radio Sky Channels Down Sky 1 Sky Living Sky Atlantic Sky Arts Sky Cinema Sky Sports More Sky Sites Down NOW TV Sky Academy Bigger Picture Sky Ride Sky Corporate Sky Bet Sky.com Sky News Arabia Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Notice Accessibility Information Contact Us © 2017 Sky UK We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing we'll assume that it's ok. Close Close
Forecast On-Air Links News Tip Categories Temperature Precipitation NEWS ALL STORIES CRIME Alaska Crime News ANCHORAGE Southcentral Alaska News ALASKA Alaska Statewide News MARIJUANA NEWS Alaska Marijuana News ARCTIC Arctic News AVIATION Aviation News ENERGY Energy News WEATHER MAPS WEATHER NEWS Weather-related News Stories WEATHER LINKS Additional Weather Resources DAYBREAK ALL STORIES TEACHER OF THE WEEK View past winners NOMINATE A TEACHER WORKFORCE WEDNESDAY MIC CHECK IN THE MORNING See Past Musical Guests TRAVEL TUESDAY ADOPT A PET MEDICAL BREAKTHROUGHS FRONTIERS FULL EPISODES Full episodes of past Frontiers shows WEB EXTRAS PHOTOS ABOUT ON-AIR ALL STORIES LIVESTREAM Watch live and past KTVA newscasts ON-AIR SCHEDULE See what’s coming up on KTVA HARVESTING ALASKA REALITY CHECK w/ JOHN TRACY Thursdays @ 6pm / 10pm INSIDE THE GATES PROBLEM SOLVERS LIVING ALASKA Experience the Last Frontier through the outdoors SPORTS ALL STORIES UNIVERSITY of ALASKA LOCAL NATIONAL POLITICS ANCHORAGE / MAT-SU Anchorage / Mat-Su Political Stories STATEWIDE Juneau / Statewide Political Stories NATIONAL National Political Stories ABOUT CONTACT US Contact information for KTVA MEET THE TEAM The people behind the broadcast STATION PROFILE Privacy Policy and License info ADVERTISE JOB OPENINGS Job openings at KTVA CONTESTS KTVA Contests & Promotions NEWS ALL STORIES CRIME ANCHORAGE ALASKA MARIJUANA NEWS ARCTIC AVIATION ENERGY WEATHER MAPS WEATHER NEWS WEATHER LINKS DAYBREAK ALL STORIES TEACHER OF THE WEEK NOMINATE A TEACHER WORKFORCE WEDNESDAY MIC CHECK IN THE MORNING TRAVEL TUESDAY ADOPT A PET MEDICAL BREAKTHROUGHS FRONTIERS FULL EPISODES WEB EXTRAS PHOTOS ABOUT ON-AIR ALL STORIES LIVESTREAM ON-AIR SCHEDULE HARVESTING ALASKA REALITY CHECK w/ JOHN TRACY INSIDE THE GATES PROBLEM SOLVERS LIVING ALASKA SPORTS ALL STORIES UNIVERSITY of ALASKA LOCAL NATIONAL POLITICS ANCHORAGE / MAT-SU STATEWIDE NATIONAL ABOUT CONTACT US MEET THE TEAM STATION PROFILE ADVERTISE JOB OPENINGS CONTESTS Top 5 Stories Alaska News | May 06, 14:37 Red Flag Warning issued for Eastern Alaska Range Red Flag Warning issued for Eastern Alaska Range Alaska Politics | May 06, 18:35 Eastman sidesteps apology on controversial comments Eastman sidesteps apology on controversial comments Crime | May 06, 17:00 "YOU'RE RICH": Aaron Hernandez's suicide note to fiancee released "YOU'RE RICH": Aaron Hernandez's suicide note to fiancee released Alaska News | May 06, 15:51 Earthquake hits part of Aleutian Islands chain Earthquake hits part of Aleutian Islands chain Health | May 06, 16:18 Are pregnancy and rape pre-existing conditions under GOP health bill? Are pregnancy and rape pre-existing conditions under GOP health bill? Estimated read time 3m 21s Secret Air Force plane lands after 2 years in space By William Harwood / CBS News 3:08 PM May 7, 2017 The Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 landed at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility May 7, 2017. (U.S. Air Force) An unpiloted military space plane, launched by an Atlas 5 rocket in May 2015, glided to an unannounced landing on the long shuttle runway at the Kennedy Space Center on Sunday, closing out a 718-day mission. It was the first Florida landing of a returning spacecraft since Atlantis flew home in the program’s final mission in 2011. The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 has returned from orbit and has landed safely @NASAKennedy. Stay tuned for more info. — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 Sonic booms rumbled across central Florida around 8 a.m. and a few minutes later, the Air Force tweeted that the Boeing-built X-37B space plane — a compact, delta-wing craft equipped with a payload bay, a solar power boom and a sophisticated computer control systems — had returned from orbit and landed safely. “Today marks an incredibly exciting day for the 45th Space Wing as we continue to break barriers,” Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, 45th Space Wing commander, said in a statement. “Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today’s safe and successful landing.” It was the fourth clandestine flight of the X-37B, the longest in the program and the first to end in Florida, where Boeing has taken over two former shuttle processing hangars that have been modified to handle the secret spycraft. The first three missions ended with landings at Vandenberg Air Force Base northwest of Los Angeles. The Air Force’s X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 landed at NASA ‘s Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility May 7, 2017. (U.S. Air Force) Total time in space by both vehicles across four flights now stands at 2,085 days. “This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle’s first landing in the state of Florida,” Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, said in the Air Force statement. “We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities.” The program’s fifth launch is expected later this year. Two X-37Bs, also known as OTVs, or orbital test vehicles, are known to exist. OTV-1 flew the program’s first and third missions while OTV-2, flew the second and fourth, which began with launch atop an Atlas 5 rocket at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on May 20, 2015. The #X37B #OTV4 is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft. Find out more about today’s landing here: https://t.co/GUGgOMQiYg pic.twitter.com/HfHHVnWhYc — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 Read more of the story at CBSnews.com Latest Stories News Earthquake hits central Alaska, third to hit during weekend by Associated Press on May 07, 22:33 PLEASANT VALLEY, Alaska (AP) – The Alaska Earthquake Information Center says a magnitude 3.8 earthquake hit the central part of the state. The center says the earthquake had an epicenter 27 miles (43 kilometers) north of Pleasant Valley, a town of about 700 residents at 9:09 p.m. local time Sunday. The earthquake had a depth […] News University of Alaska Anchorage graduates Class of 2017 by Lauren Maxwell on May 07, 17:59 The University of Alaska Anchorage is celebrating the class of 2017, a group that includes more than 1,300 students. Over 800 of those graduates filed into the Alaska Airlines Center in Anchorage Sunday to receive their degrees. Bruce Schultz, UAA’s vice chancellor of student affairs, said the graduation included students who got the job done […] Lifestyle Average US gas price drops 5 cents, as crude cost falls by KTVA / AP on May 07, 16:21 CAMARILLO, Calif. (AP) – The average price of a gallon of regular-grade gasoline dropped 5 cents nationally over the past two weeks, to $2.41. Industry analyst Trilby Lundberg of the Lundberg Survey said Sunday that the drop reflected lower costs for crude oil, as well as abundant gas supplies. She says the national average is […] Lifestyle Harvesting Alaska: UAF Experiment Farm continues thanks to USDA grant by Eric Ruble on May 07, 15:56 The University of Alaska Fairbanks Experiment Farm is a staple of sustainable food production in Alaska. For 100 years, it has provided vital information to gardeners and farmers about how livestock and plants perform in Alaska’s harsh climates. Located on the west end of UAF’s main campus, the farm includes a herd of 60 reindeer, […] Lifestyle Netflix renews ’13 Reasons Why’ for second season by Associated Press on May 07, 15:51 NEW YORK (AP) – Netflix has renewed the watercooler hit “13 Reasons Why” for a second season. The streaming service announced Sunday that it has picked up the series revolving around the suicide of a high school girl. Season two will debut on Netflix next year. While Netflix doesn’t release ratings information, “13 Reasons Why” […] News Secret Air Force plane lands after 2 years in space by William Harwood / CBS News on May 07, 15:08 An unpiloted military space plane, launched by an Atlas 5 rocket in May 2015, glided to an unannounced landing on the long shuttle runway at the Kennedy Space Center on Sunday, closing out a 718-day mission. It was the first Florida landing of a returning spacecraft since Atlantis flew home in the program’s final mission […] Politics Trump praises Macron for ‘big win’ in France’s election by Associated Press on May 07, 14:23 WASHINGTON (AP) – President Donald Trump is offering praise and congratulations to centrist Emmanuel Macron, who has been elected as France’s youngest president ever. Trump describes Macron’s victory over far-right opponent Marine Le Pen in the French presidential runoff as a “big win.” In a tweet, Trump says he’s looking forward to working with Macron, […] News Repair needs delay Alaska ferry scheduled for service in May by Associated Press on May 07, 10:16 KETCHIKAN, Alaska (AP) – An Alaska Marine Highway System ferry will not depart in May as scheduled. The Ketchikan Daily News reported Saturday that the Tustumena ferry was found with extensive steel wastage in the engine room. The system is working with the U.S. Coast Guard on a repair plan to make the 53-year-old vessel safe […]
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts ‘You f*cked up’: John Oliver rips Republicans for passing Trumpcare without reading it WATCH: Virginia woman’s hateful anti-Muslim and anti-Obama rant in Trader Joe’s line caught on video ‘Grinding to a halt’: White House’s Trumpcare victory party gets cut short by Russia probe news ‘It just feels wrong’: Trump voters tell 60 Minutes they’re sad their ‘good hombre’ friend got deported Father of slain Dallas-area teen Jordan Edwards sues officer for killing his son Chilling texts reveal Penn State fraternity knew dying pledge needed medical help but did nothing WATCH: Little girl delivers scathing critique of Trump administration and becomes our new hero Texas police shooting of Jordan Edwards shows again how black males are considered threats ‘Too bad, little snowflakes’: MSNBC panel mocks conservatives offended by Colbert’s c*ck joke ‘Older people are going to be paying five times more’: Fox’s Chris Wallace smacks down Priebus on Trumpcare Unmanned US Air Force space plane lands after secret, two-year mission Reuters 07 May 2017 at 18:34 ET                    The U.S. Airforce's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., May 7, 2017. U.S. Air Force/Handout via REUTERS Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory The U.S. military’s experimental X-37B space plane landed on Sunday at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, completing a classified mission that lasted nearly two years, the Air Force said. The unmanned X-37B, which resembles a miniature space shuttle, touched down at 7:47 a.m. EDT (1147 GMT) on a runway formerly used for landings of the now-mothballed space shuttles, the Air Force said in an email. The Boeing-built space plane blasted off in May 2015 from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard an Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a partnership between Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co . The X-37B, one of two in the Air Force fleet, conducted unspecified experiments for more than 700 days while in orbit. It was the fourth and lengthiest mission so far for the secretive program, managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The orbiters “perform risk reduction, experimentation and concept-of-operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies,” the Air Force has said without providing details. The cost of the program is also classified. The Secure World Foundation, a nonprofit group promoting the peaceful exploration of space, says the secrecy surrounding the X-37B suggests the presence of intelligence-related hardware being tested or evaluated aboard the craft. The vehicles are 29 feet (9 meters) long and have a wingspan of 15 feet, making them about one quarter of the size of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s now-retired space shuttles. The X-37B, also known as Orbital Test Vehicle, or OTV, first flew in April 2010 and returned after eight months. A second mission launched in March 2011 and lasted 15 months, while a third took flight in December 2012 and returned after 22 months. Sunday’s landing was the X-37B’s first in Florida. The three previous landings took place at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Air Force relocated the program in 2014, taking over two of NASA’s former shuttle-processing hangars. The Air Force intends to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of the Kennedy Space Center, later this year. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the AuthorReuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in business, politics, technology, and more. Next on Raw Story > ‘You f*cked up’: John Oliver rips Republicans for passing Trumpcare without reading it By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories ‘You f*cked up’: John Oliver rips Republicans for passing Trumpcare without reading it WATCH: Obama blasts Trumpcare and urges lawmakers to oppose it in ‘Profile in Courage’ award speech ‘It just feels wrong’: Trump voters tell 60 Minutes they’re sad their ‘good hombre’ friend got deported ‘Grinding to a halt’: White House’s Trumpcare victory party gets cut short by Russia probe news 7,000 bodies from a 19th century asylum discovered buried under Ole Miss campus Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News ‘You f*cked up’: John Oliver rips Republicans for passing Trumpcare without reading it WATCH: Obama blasts Trumpcare and urges lawmakers to oppose it in ‘Profile in Courage’ award speech ‘It just feels wrong’: Trump voters tell 60 Minutes they’re sad their ‘good hombre’ friend got deported ‘Grinding to a halt’: White House’s Trumpcare victory party gets cut short by Russia probe news WATCH: Little girl delivers scathing critique of Trump administration and becomes our new hero ‘It’s wrong’: Democrats blast Senate GOP’s all-male healthcare group New Videos ‘You f*cked up’: John Oliver rips Republicans for passing Trumpcare without reading it WATCH: Obama blasts Trumpcare and urges lawmakers to oppose it in ‘Profile in Courage’ award speech ‘It just feels wrong’: Trump voters tell 60 Minutes they’re sad their ‘good hombre’ friend got deported WATCH: Little girl delivers scathing critique of Trump administration and becomes our new hero WATCH: Virginia woman’s hateful anti-Muslim and anti-Obama rant in Trader Joe’s line caught on video SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,399.29 +9.77 (+0.41%) Dow 30 21,006.94 +55.47 (+0.26%) Nasdaq 6,100.76 +25.42 (+0.42%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting Is New Chinese Plane Really a Threat to Boeing? Paul Ausick 24/7 Wall St. May 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Last Friday, Chinese aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., or Comac, completed the first test flight of its single-aisle C919 passenger jet. The new aircraft, which seats up to 174 passengers, is expected to begin delivery in 2019. To date, Comac has taken orders for some 570 of the new planes and projects that it will eventually sell planes valued at $650 billion. Because the C919 will compete against the 737 MAX from The Boeing Co. (BA) and the Airbus A320 families of single-aisle planes, it would appear that the Comac jet could be a serious threat to the two established aircraft manufacturers. ALSO READ: States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Completing a successful first flight and delivering thousands of new airplanes are not the same thing, however. Airbus delivered its first plane to Air France in 1974. The European maker delivered its 10,000th aircraft to Singapore Airlines in 2016, 42 years later. In its most recent 20-year aircraft market outlook published last July, Boeing estimated that the market for new aircraft in all of Asia, including China, would total 15,130 new aircraft through 2035. Both Airbus and Boeing could be producing as many as 60 single-aisle planes per month by 2020. Comac will be lucky to be producing 60 new planes a year by then. Just to fill its current backlog will take Comac the best part of 10 years, even if production doubles. ALSO READ: Cities Americans Are Abandoning That is not to say that Comac's aircraft won't eventually compete with Boeing and Comac. The company is seeking certification for the plane both in the European and U.S. markets, but there is no guarantee that it will be forthcoming. Another hurdle is Comac's lack of ownership of the technology that has gone into the C919. Until the company can develop its own technology it will always be at least a generation behind its rivals -- and new technology doesn't come cheap. Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, told Bloomberg News: At the moment, they are in a real replication mode, which is not where you want to be. First off, they need to privatize and open their supply chain up to a global network, rather than just people who will transfer yesterday's technology. ALSO READ: 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Aboulafia thinks that Comac may not be a threat to Boeing and Airbus until its second plane is ready for delivery. The company is working on a dual-aisle design with a Russian company, but that plane is probably at least 10 years away from a first delivery. Related Articles The Most Dangerous States in America 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most (and Least) Tax-Friendly States for Business Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Hillary Clinton took a swing at the media in her congratulations to French election winner Business Insider A Wall Street bear warns 'bad things are about to happen,' and a recession is on the way CNBC Price defends cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid Associated Press Charlie Munger shares his thoughts on healthcare, politics, accounting, and investing Yahoo Finance Video Buffett: 'Medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness' Yahoo Finance Charlie Munger says single-payer healthcare is the solution Yahoo Finance 'Most of benefits go to millionaires': George Stephanopoulos grills Paul Ryan over Republican healthcare bill Business Insider Sally Yates is set to give bombshell testimony about Michael Flynn and Russia — here's what to expect Business Insider Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders Meeting Halftime Show Yahoo Finance Video Warren Buffett: AI is good for society but 'enormously disruptive' Yahoo Finance The fear of running out of money in retirement is overblown Yahoo Finance A millennial asked Warren Buffett what value his firm adds — here's what he said Business Insider States brace for big decisions under GOP health care changes Associated Press Berkshire Hathaway shareholder business meeting Yahoo Finance Video Buffett: Hedge fund-style compensation in any other field would 'blow your mind' Yahoo Finance Texas governor signs ban on so-called 'sanctuary cities' Associated Press Donald Trump's health secretary defends White House party for mostly white men wild west: Old white Christian men know what's best for all of us. Can't wait till they all die from some painful pre-existing medical condition. They will be covered, but at least they'll die. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 164
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 08 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Sharjah's Shurooq sees $226mln in hotel revenues by 2019: CEO Mandarin Oriental announces new hotel project in Dubai Saudi Entertainment sector helps boost economy, social cohesion Qatar to chart next phase of tourism strategy toward 2030 Four Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172mln Plans to build rotating, shape-shifting skyscraper in Dubai rekindled Dubai's RTA awards contract for roads to Jewel of the Creek UAE's Aldar says third tower of The Bridges sold out Italian firm bags $271mln contract to upgrade Saudi's Al Faisaliah District Dubai's Arabtec Construction appoints new CEO Plans to build rotating, shape-shifting skyscraper in Dubai rekindled Saudi city of Jeddah talks with banks about transport network finance Egypt allocates 744,000 m2 to build power plant in new capital city Dubai develops ‘world’s most efficient’ LED bulb Oil output cuts likely to be extended Saudi signs Yanbu water plant deal with Chinese firm Morocco's Attijariwafa paid twice book value for Barclays Egypt acquisition Financial sector, diversification to drive GCC growth Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Expat remittances from UAE hit $10bln in Q1 Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Turkish wealth fund head says signed Islamic mortgage deal with IDB Kenya's cenbank issues licence to Dubai Islamic Bank UAE's Dana Gas may seek to restructure Islamic bonds Dubai develops ‘world’s most efficient’ LED bulb Saudi Telecom signs fibre optic broadband agreement UAE's Strata appoints new CEO Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ make debut in Saudi Arabia Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Will Kuwait impose tax on expat remittances? Macron wins French presidency, to sighs of relief in Europe Qatar real GDP growth to rise to 2.6% in 2017, 3.6% in 2018 Saudi deflation continues for third consecutive month UAE's non-oil trade hit $425.74bln in 2016 Saudia achieves a new milestone Farmers, exporters urge Gulf countries to delay veggie ban Saudi deflation continues for third consecutive month US delivers additional arms to Lebanon Economy minister calls for more support from Lebanese expats New law offers Lebanese citizenship to emigres Russia says Syria de-escalation deal takes effect at midnight At last: Egypt passes long-awaited investment law Morocco's Attijariwafa paid twice book value for Barclays Egypt acquisition Egypt’s Al Sissi meets Kuwait Emir Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Macron wins French presidency, to sighs of relief in Europe Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA Expat remittances from UAE hit $10bln in Q1 Iranian supreme leader critical of Western-influenced Rouhani education plan Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may consolidate as oil rises, global markets cheer French election Air Arabia's first quarter profit drops 12.6%, passenger yields fall Oil output cuts likely to be extended Oil prices rise on expectation of output cut extension Gulf may consolidate as oil rises, global markets cheer French election NI Capital expects Egypt's state-run Enppi IPO to complete in 6 months Air Arabia's first quarter profit drops 12.6%, passenger yields fall Dubai Investments records net profit of $79mln in Q1 Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Fed holds interest rates steady, downplays economic weakness National Bank of Kuwait to issue senior unsecured dollar bond Central bank governor says Saudi will stick to currency peg Oil prices rise on expectation of output cut extension Libya's Waha oil field back at March output level of 75,000 bpd Gold heads for biggest weekly drop in six months OPEC, non-OPEC see need to extend supply-cut pact -Saudi governor Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Farmers, exporters urge Gulf countries to delay veggie ban Four Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172mln Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Saudi Human Rights Commission 60% employees 'under qualified' Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Iran warns Saudi Arabia after "battle" comments Oman to curb excessive use of pesticides in farms Dubai’s Rent Dispute Centre levels the playing field Iran warns Saudi Arabia after "battle" comments UAE fish safety rumours are false: ministry Saudi Human Rights Commission 60% employees 'under qualified' Saher cameras help reduce traffic deaths by more than 37% in Saudi Four Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172mln Dubai's commercial court eyes expansion Dubai’s Rent Dispute Centre levels the playing field Motorists unhappy over 15% hike in auto insurance premium in UAE UAE drivers can pay fines, buy parking cards at Emirates Post offices Saudi father names baby daughter after Ivanka Trump Saudi students claim its OK to cheat in English exams Saudi step to relax male guardianship welcomed by women's advocates Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Daler Mehndi and Mika Singh to share stage in Dubai Saudi father forbidden from naming his daughter Ivanka IPL: Raina’s pat for young Pant should be showcased Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA Can herbal remedies help kids with gastrointestinal issues? UAE fish safety rumours are false: ministry 4mln Saudis are expected to be diabetic by 2030 UAE health ministry moves to boost patient rights 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey Saudi father forbidden from naming his daughter Ivanka Don't shy away from swimming, it's not too late Parents need to make time for their children Saudi father names baby daughter after Ivanka Trump Shah Rukh Khan: Come... fall in love with Dubai Abu Dhabi recognised as UAE's favourite guest destination Hotels in Qatar line up special offers for Ramadan UAE one of top destinations for Muslim travel Daler Mehndi and Mika Singh to share stage in Dubai Lilly Singh returns to Dubai for book signing Justin Bieber returns to Dubai with 'Purpose Tour' Shah Rukh Khan: Come... fall in love with Dubai IPL: Raina’s pat for young Pant should be showcased Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA Order of finish at 143rd Kentucky Derby The gentlemen of Pakistan cricket Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Arabian Travel Market 2017 Article aviation Qatar Airways to hire cabin crew from Dubai this month 24 April, 2017 An air stewardess for Qatar Airways poses in the economy class cabin of the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner at the Farnborough Airshow 2012 in southern England July 10, 2012. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor Reuters/Luke MacGregor Candidate screening is part of a series of recruitment events scheduled to take place worldwide between April and May 24 April 2017 By Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter Dubai: Qatar Airways is holding a recruitment event in Dubai this month to hire new cabin crew, according to the airline’s recent career advisory. The candidate screening in the emirate, scheduled to take place on April 28, is part of a series of events the Gulf carrier has scheduled worldwide to expand its flight staff. The airline is also looking to hire applicants from various cities in Asia, Europe and Africa, including Cebu, Philippines; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Brussels, Belgium; Durban, South Africa; Athens, Greece; Yerevan, Armenia and Kuwait. Candidates are being enticed to join the carrier’s growing cabin crew with a tax-free compensation package, plus a chance to travel the world. “Dinner in Paris, lunch in New York, breakfast in Montreal, while cruising around the world at 40,000 feet on some of the most modern aircraft in the world is definitely not your typical office job,” the airline said on its website. Advertisement Interested applicants are advised to wear a formal business attire and bring along their CV, including one passport photocopy, one passport photograph, one full length photo and one photocopy of their highest education certificate. Operating in more than 150 destinations and currently undergoing a rapid expansion, the Doha-based carrier has announced new routes that will kick off this year. Planned expansion for 2017-2018 will see new flights introduced to various destinations, including Nice, France; Dublin, Ireland; Chiang Mai, Thailand; Las Vegas, United States and Canberra, Australia, among many others. Last year, the airline introduced flights to 14 new destinations and acquired 19 additional aircraft. As of April 2017, its fleet on order includes more than 300 aircraft: 110 Boeing 777Xs, 10 Boeing 777-300ER, 66 Airbus A350s, 30 Boeing 787s, 4 Boeing 777F, 75 Airbus A320 Neos, 6 Airbus A380-800s, 8 Airbus A330 Freighters and 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8. Recruitment events: Brussels, Belgium- May 6 , Steigenberger Wiltcher’s Durban, South Africa- May 6, Hilton Durban Athens, Greece- May 7, Athenaeum Intercontinental Yerevan, Armenia- May 6, Opera Suite Hotel Kuwait- April 28, Movenpick Hotel & Resort Dubai, UAE- April 28 (between 2pm and 8pm), Nassima Royal Hotel (formerly Radisson Royal Hotel Dubai) Cebu City, Philippines- April 30, Radisson Blu Chiang Mai, Thailand- April 25, Holiday Inn Chiang Mai All recruitment events, except the screening in Dubai, will start at 9am sharp. © Gulf News 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: uae qatar jobs Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Ithmaar Bank announces key appointments 20 hours ago New restaurant manager at Bushman's Restaurant and Bar Youssif Ftouni 22 hours ago UAE's City Seasons Hotel Group has appointed Thanos Tsinias as cluster director of rooms and revenue management- Dubai hotels 1 day ago New roles for senior UAE nationals at Etihad Aviation Group 04 May 2017  from Action Group | Four Communications Group US's UPS logistics appoints Mark Vale growth and emerging markets president UPS named Mark Vale President of Growth and Emerging Markets. 03 May 2017 The International Association of Hotel General Managers appoints new Governor 03 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 70° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Trending News Local News U.S. and World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Gator that bit girl caught Sonic boom heard in Central Florida 6-year-old hit by car Photos Puerto Rican Parade 2017 Orlando March for Babies Weather Babies: May 1- May 5 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Air Force's unmanned spaceplane makes first KSC landing By: Chris Boex Posted:May 07 2017 11:01AM EDT Updated:May 07 2017 12:03PM EDT Air Force's unmanned spaceplane makes first KSC landing   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption USAF photo   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption USAF photo News Air Force's unmanned spaceplane makes first KSC landing The Air Force's secret unmanned spaceplane made a surprise landing at Kennedy Space Center early Sunday after over 700 days in space. The returning X-37B announced its arrival with a sonic boom, giving Space Coast residents their second booming wakeup call in a week. Related Stories North Korea detains another American Democrats analyze opposition to GOP health bill Treat yourself and some bees with free ice cream Texas adoption agencies could ban Jews, gays, etc CAPE CANAVERAL (FOX 13) - The Air Force’s secret unmanned spaceplane made a surprise landing at Kennedy Space Center early Sunday after over 700 days in space. The returning X-37B announced its arrival with a sonic boom, giving Space Coast residents their second booming wakeup call in a week. When the small craft’s wheels touched down on the Shuttle Landing Facility runway just before 8 a.m., it marked the first time that a spacecraft landed at Kennedy Space Center since the last flight of space shuttle Atlantis nearly six years ago.  A photo released by the Air Force this morning showed suited technicians inspecting the stubby spaceplane on the runway with the iconic Vehicle Assembly Building in the background. Three previous X-7B missions all concluded at Edwards Air Force Base in California.  But the Air Force now maintains one of three former shuttle hangars at KSC for the X-37B program, allowing the Boeing-built spaceplane to launch, land, and be refurbished at the same spaceport. This flight was the longest for the X-37B program, which consists of two identical mini-shuttles, each about the size of a truck. They both fly autonomously and have a small cargo bay that theoretically can deploy mini-satellites or expose payloads directly to space. Previous missions have extended from 224 to 468 to 674 days in space, with this flight -- dubbed OTV-4 -- clocking in at 718 days, just short of two years.  But the Air Force won’t say just what the spaceplanes do in orbit all that time.  The Pentagon’s official statement is "the X-37B program is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft that performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies.” The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 has returned from orbit and has landed safely @NASAKennedy. Stay tuned for more info.— U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 "The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation," Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, said in a statement released after the landing. "This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle's first landing in the state of Florida. We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities. We are extremely proud of the dedication and hard work by the entire team." The Air Force did not announce the landing in advance, but some spaceport neighbors were quick to figure out what the sonic booms were connected to. @NASASpaceflight I live in Titusville, might need to confirm but just heard what sounded like a sonic boom at 7:45am. Could be X-37B landing— David (@DaveDoop) May 7, 2017 It was the second such wakeup call in the last few days.  Monday, a SpaceX first-stage booster sent a loud pair of booms echoing across the coast as it landed at Cape Canaveral after sending a classified satellite into orbit.   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Sonic boom rattled Central Florida Deltona dad recovering after being shot 1 fatally shot by Florida officer at car show Independent liquor stores fight new liquor bill 6-year-old girl hit, driver left the scene Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Is New Chinese Plane Really a Threat to Boeing? By Paul Ausick May 7, 2017 9:13 am EDT Print Email Tweet Last Friday, Chinese aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., or Comac, completed the first test flight of its single-aisle C919 passenger jet. The new aircraft, which seats up to 174 passengers, is expected to begin delivery in 2019. To date, Comac has taken orders for some 570 of the new planes and projects that it will eventually sell planes valued at $650 billion. Because the C919 will compete against the 737 MAX from The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and the Airbus A320 families of single-aisle planes, it would appear that the Comac jet could be a serious threat to the two established aircraft manufacturers. Completing a successful first flight and delivering thousands of new airplanes are not the same thing, however. Airbus delivered its first plane to Air France in 1974. The European maker delivered its 10,000th aircraft to Singapore Airlines in 2016, 42 years later. In its most recent 20-year aircraft market outlook published last July, Boeing estimated that the market for new aircraft in all of Asia, including China, would total 15,130 new aircraft through 2035. Both Airbus and Boeing could be producing as many as 60 single-aisle planes per month by 2020. Comac will be lucky to be producing 60 new planes a year by then. Just to fill its current backlog will take Comac the best part of 10 years, even if production doubles. That is not to say that Comac’s aircraft won’t eventually compete with Boeing and Comac. The company is seeking certification for the plane both in the European and U.S. markets, but there is no guarantee that it will be forthcoming. Another hurdle is Comac’s lack of ownership of the technology that has gone into the C919. Until the company can develop its own technology it will always be at least a generation behind its rivals — and new technology doesn’t come cheap. Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, told Bloomberg News: At the moment, they are in a real replication mode, which is not where you want to be. First off, they need to privatize and open their supply chain up to a global network, rather than just people who will transfer yesterday’s technology. Aboulafia thinks that Comac may not be a threat to Boeing and Airbus until its second plane is ready for delivery. The company is working on a dual-aisle design with a Russian company, but that plane is probably at least 10 years away from a first delivery. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Huge Detroit Mansion Offered At $285,000 Huge Hedge Fund, Biotech and Technology Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Apollo Global, Biogen, Twitter, DDR and More » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, China, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Safest States in America 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America The Best Counties to Live In Huge Detroit Mansion Offered At $285,000 Recent IPOs This Week: Manufacturing Firm Gardner Denver Seeks $1 Billion Disney, Snap, Whole Foods and More Key Earnings Reports Coming This Week Nordstrom, Macy’s and More Major Retailers Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Hedge Fund, Biotech and Technology Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Apollo Global, Biogen, Twitter, DDR and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Investing Misunderstandings That Could Cost You Warren Buffett: Healthcare Is the Real Problem for American Business Electronic Arts Stock Up 500% Over Last 5 Years: What's Next? FTSE 100 index futures point to 0.3% opening rise German DAX 30 index futures point to 0.7% opening rise French CAC 40 index futures indicate 0.5% opening gain April Jobs Bring May Highs Here's Why Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) Stock Popped 19.5% Today A Grind Ahead for the Steel Industry U.S. factory activity slows; inflation pressures subside Wall St. moves higher as tech gains offset weak economic data Trump says actively considering breaking up big banks: Bloomberg TV Connecticut sporting goods store sues 'Shark Tank' company Sinclair Broadcast Nears Deal for Tribune Media Akzo Nobel Again Declines PPG Takeover Proposal Sinclair Broadcast Nears Deal For Tribune Media Crayola Unveils True-Blue Crayon, And You Get The Chance To Name It L.A. City Council Resolution Presses For Donald Trump Impeachment Probe Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS First F-35B Lightning II produced in Italy rolls off assembly line by Stephen Carlson Washington (UPI) May 5, 2017 Boeing receives contract to upgrade Saudi Apache helicopters Washington (UPI) May 5, 2017 - Boeing has been awarded a $143.4 million contract to provide unique Block II and III modifications to AH-64E Apache attack helicopters for the Saudi Arabia National Guard. The contract covers 24 of the Apaches, with $3.9 million in foreign military sales funding obligated at the time of the award. The work will be conducted at the Boeing facility in Mesa, Ariz., and is expected to be completed by April 2022. Saudi Arabia is currently the largest recipient of U.S. arm sales, with nearly $100 billion in active military contracts, The Apache is the primary attack helicopter of the U.S. Army. It has been widely exported across the world from Saudi Arabia to Japan. It carries a 30 millimeter cannon and can be armed with a wide variety of ordnance such as laser-guided Hellfire missiles, unguided rockets, and even air-to-air missiles. The first F-35B Lightning II manufactured outside of the United States has rolled out of a Final Assembly and Checkout, or FACO, facility in Cameri, Italy. The facility is owned by the Italian Ministry of Defense and run by the defense industry firm Leonardo in cooperation with Lockheed Martin. "Italy is not only a valued F-35 program partner that has achieved many F-35 program firsts, but is also a critical NATO component force, providing advanced airpower for the alliance for the coming decades," Doug Wilhelm, vice president of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Program, said in a press release. "Italian industry has participated in the design of the F-35 and Italian industry made components fly on every production F-35 built to date." The first flight of the jet is expected to be in August with delivery to the Italian Ministry of Defense in November. Two F-35A models are anticipated to be delivered from the Cameri FACO in November. The FACO is slated to deliver 30 F-25B and 90 F-35A type fighters for the Italian armed forces. It will also produce 29 F-35As for the Royal Netherlands Air Force. The facility will also produce 835 full wing sets that will be distributed across all participants in the program, along with other parts and maintenance equipment. Tweet Kenya approved for possible helicopter buy Washington (UPI) May 4, 2017 The possible sale of 12 weaponized MD 530 aircraft to Kenya by the United States has been approved by the State Department. The sale, which would be handled by the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency, would come under the Foreign Military Sales program and be worth about $253 million. This proposed sale contributes to the foreign policy and national security of the United St ... read more Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google 12 Scientist-Astronaut Candidates Graduate at Embry-Riddle Through Project PoSSUM Elon Musk teases future plans at TED AGU journal commentaries highlight importance of Earth and space science research NASA spacesuits over budget, tight on timeline: audit India to launch GSAT-9 communication satellite on May 5: ISRO SpaceX makes first US military launch, then lands rocket again SpaceX launches classified payload for NRO; 1st Stage returns to LZ-1 New Russian Medium-Class Carrier Rocket Could Compete With SpaceX's Falcon How Old are Martian Gullies Opportunity Nears 'Perseverance Valley' Engineers investigate simple, no-bake recipe to make bricks on Mars SwRI-led team discovers lull in Mars' giant impact history China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 Reach for the Stars: China Plans to Ramp Up Space Flight Activity China's cargo spacecraft completes in-orbit refueling China courts international coalition set up to promote space cooperation ViaSat-2 Satellite to Launch on June 1 ESA boosting its Argentine link with deep space Arianespace, Intelsat and SKY Perfect JSAT sign a new Launch Services Agreement, for Horizons 3e Airbus and Intelsat team up for more capacity Raytheon starts low-rate radar production Raytheon receives $327M radar contract for U.S. Navy Augmented reality increases maintenance reliability at a space station The Day Space Stood Still Research Center A Hub For Origins of Life Studies Next Breakthroughs in Exoplanet Discovery ISS investigation aims to identify unknown microbes in space 'Iceball' Planet Discovered Through Microlensing ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Nap Time for New Horizons Hubble spots auroras on Uranus Cold' Great Spot discovered on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Monday 8 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:31 / GMT - 07:01 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/WWY9O4 Sun May 07, 2017 3:23 Official: Iran to Select Financers for Purchasing Passenger Planes via Tender Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Deputy Road and Urban Development Minister Asqar Fakhriyeh Kashan announced that financing the purchase of passenger planes will be put to tender. "Iran is planning to hold an international tender to find appropriate financers for its plane purchase from the aviation giants Airbus and Boeing," Fakhriyeh Kashan said. He reiterated that the national flag-carrier Iran Air was already preparing the documents for the planned tender. "We are in a situation that allows us to choose our desired financers in a competitive atmosphere that a tender creates," Fakhriyeh Kashan said. He reiterated that the international atmosphere is in Iran's interest and the funds for purchasing passenger planes through competitive mechanisms are available. In relevant remarks in late March, Managing Director of Iran's National Flag Carrier, Iran Air, Farhad Parvaresh underlined that the giant aviation company Airbus has delivered the third passenger plane to the country. "The third Airbus, an A330, landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport on Saturday," Parvaresh said. He noted that the A330 plane which has 32 business class and 206 economy class seats is suitable for long-distance flights. Last January, Iran signed a deal worth $18 billion with Airbus to purchase 100 new planes, including 46 A320 family, 38 A330 family, and 16 A350 XWB aircraft. On January 12, the first Airbus 'A321' landed at Tehran Mehrabad Airport and joined Iranian air fleet. The aircraft was officially delivered to Iran Air by Airbus in a ceremony held in Toulouse. The second Airbus plane, also an A330, arrived in Tehran on March 11. It flew to the capital’s Mehrabad International Airport from the French city of Toulouse. Airbus Chief Executive Fabrice Bregier announced that with the delivery of the aircraft, cooperation between Iran Air and Airbus officially started, and said, "We hope with delivery of the aircraft, expansion of economic cooperation with Iran will continue more rapidly." Iran Air officials say the plane will be used for domestic flights.         Related News CEO: ATR Ready to Sell More Passenger Planes to Iran  Source: Boeing to Deliver 2 Passenger Planes to Iran in 1 Month  Deputy Minister: Iran Air Inks Contract with ATR to Buy 20 Passenger Planes  Iran to Buy Russian-Made Amphibious Planes  Iran Inks New Deal with Boeing to Buy 30 Passenger Planes  Iran Announces Deal with Foreign Financier on Purchase of 77 New Boeing, Airbus Planes  LATEST STORIES (9) Syrian Army in Control of Shoumeriyeh Heights East of Homs Iraqi Army Continues Battle for Badush Northwest of Mosul Bahrainis Rally in Support of Sheikh Qassim Damascus: Syrian Army Forces on Verge of Complete Victory against Terrorists in Al-Qaboun Six Reasons Why US Dismisses Ban on Aircraft Over Syria Deescalation Zones Syrian Army Troops Continue Offensive against Terrorists in Eastern Ghouta US: Antifascists and Trump Supporters Clash Outside Minnesota State Capitol Syrians Take Part in Cycling Marathon to Mark Martyrs' Day in Damascus Palestine Rises up Against Occupation in Hunger Strike Clashes Syrian Army Continues to Advance against Terrorists in Homs Leader of Hezbollah al-Nujaba Warns Bahraini Gov't against Disrespect for Sheikh Qassim Commander: Iraqi, Syrian Resistance Forces to Launch Joint Operations at Borders Terrorists Violate De-Escalation Zones Agreement by Shelling Syrian Army Positions in Dara'a Velayati: Iran Using All Power to Fight against Terrorism in Region IRGC Commander Blasts Saudi DM's Anti-Iran Remarks Syrian Army in Control of Shoumeriyeh Heights East of Homs TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued to storm ISIL's defense lines in al-Shoumeriyeh mountain and managed to drive the terrorists out of more heights in the region. [VIDEO] Iraqi Army Continues Battle for Badush Northwest of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The battle for the village of Badush in Mosul continued between the Iraqi army and ISIL terrorists. The army is also said to be heading towards Hay Sabat Ashar Tammuz village. [VIDEO] Bahrainis Rally in Support of Sheikh Qassim TEHRAN (FNA)- Hundreds of Bahraini people stage nationwide rallies days before trial of distinguished Shiite cleric Sheikh Issa Qassim, whom the ruling Al Khalifah dynasty has stripped of his citizenship and mulls his expulsion from the kingdom. [PHOTOS] Damascus: Syrian Army Forces on Verge of Complete Victory against Terrorists in Al-Qaboun TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against terrorists in Eastern Ghouta, and came one step closer to complete control over the strategic al-Qaboun district. [PHOTOS] Six Reasons Why US Dismisses Ban on Aircraft Over Syria Deescalation Zones TEHRAN (FNA)- On Friday, May 5, Iran, Russia and Turkey, the main sponsors of the Syria peace talks in Kazakhstan, signed a deal to create “deescalation zones” inside the war-torn country. Syrian Army Troops Continue Offensive against Terrorists in Eastern Ghouta TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against terrorists in Eastern Ghouta, and came one step closer to complete control over the strategic al-Qaboun district. [VIDEO] US: Antifascists and Trump Supporters Clash Outside Minnesota State Capitol TEHRAN (FNA)- Scuffles broke out between a group of antifascist activists and Trump supporters, in front of the Minnesota State Capitol, Saint Paul, where US President Donald Trump held a rally celebrating his 100 days in office. [VIDEO] Syrians Take Part in Cycling Marathon to Mark Martyrs' Day in Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- A group of Syrians took part in a cycling marathon to mark the Martyrs' Day in Damascus, capital of Syria. [PHOTOS] Palestine Rises up Against Occupation in Hunger Strike Clashes TEHRAN (FNA)- Israeli soldiers injured dozens of Palestinians rallying in support of around 1,700 incarcerated prisoners who have joined a hunger strike against the brutal conditions in occupation jails. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Continues to Advance against Terrorists in Homs TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army forces continued to storm ISIL's defense lines in al-Shoumeriyeh mountain in Eastern Homs and managed to push the terrorists back from more positions in the region. Leader of Hezbollah al-Nujaba Warns Bahraini Gov't against Disrespect for Sheikh Qassim TEHRAN (FNA)- Sheikh Akram al-Kaabi, the leader of Hezbollah al-Nujaba, a major Iraqi Shiite resistance movement fighting the ISIL, warned the Bahraini government against showing disrespectful behavior towards distinguished Shiite cleric Sheikh Issa Qassim, who has been stripped of his citizenship by the ruling al-Khalifa dynasty. Commander: Iraqi, Syrian Resistance Forces to Launch Joint Operations at Borders TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior commander of Hashd al-Shaabi (Iraqi Popular Mobilization Forces) announced that the resistance forces in his country and Syria will conduct joint operations at bordering areas to impose full control over regions near Mosul and Deir Ezzur. Terrorists Violate De-Escalation Zones Agreement by Shelling Syrian Army Positions in Dara'a TEHRAN (FNA)- Local sources in Southern Syria reported that terrorist groups affiliated to the Free Syrian Army (FSA) have opened heavy fire at the Syrian Army positions in Dara'a province, violating the De-Escalation Zones Agreement. Velayati: Iran Using All Power to Fight against Terrorism in Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Head of the Strategic Research Center of Iran's State Expediency Council Ali Akbar Velayati underlined that his country is using all its power and capabilities to fight against the terrorist groups which have disturbed security in the region. IRGC Commander Blasts Saudi DM's Anti-Iran Remarks TEHRAN (FNA)- Deputy Chief of Staff of Iran's Armed Forces Brigadier General Massoud Jazzayeri lashed out at Saudi Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman for his comments against Iran, stressing that Riyadh is acting as the US and Zionists' mercenary to take hostile measures against the Islamic states. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Loopholes for DecaBDE and SCCPs Undercut Treaty Additions At UN chemicals meeting, political will clashes with narrow commercial interests Geneva: Governments at the Stockholm Convention 8th Conference of the Parties (COP8) agreed to add three toxic chemicals to the treaty, but granted extensive loopholes for two of them. The chemicals are DecaBDE, SCCPs, and HCBD.1 All three chemicals are persistent, highly toxic, travel long distances and build up in the food chain. Loopholes were granted for DecaBDE and SCCPs and recent IPEN studies found both substances in children’s toys.2 A small group of countries rejected proposals to at least label new products containing the substances. Countries and consumers concerned about contaminated products will have no information about their content. “This is the beginning of the end for DecaBDE, SCCPs, and HCBD,” said Dr. Olga Speranskaya, IPEN Co-Chair. “We urge governments to move quickly to prohibit these substances and not prolong harm through the use of exemptions.” DecaBDE Delegates vastly expanded exemptions proposed by the treaty’s expert committee and granted time periods that far exceeded the 5-year period specified in the treaty. For example, DecaBDE use is allowed in new cars and spare parts for almost 20 years until 2036. The language permitting DecaBDE in aircraft cleverly hides the fact that manufacturing will likely continue until 2050 and use until 2100. Boeing clearly stated that this exemption was not needed, and it appears that it was pushed on behalf of the EU aerospace industry. Delegates responded to concerns raised about the substance in children’s products by excluding DecaBDE use in clothing and toys from the textile exemption.3 A proposal that would have vastly increased pollution from toxic recycling of materials containing DecaBDE was quietly withdrawn. “Rejecting the toxic recycling exemption was a big achievement because it would have legitimized e-waste dumping,” said Dr. Mariann Lloyd-Smith, IPEN Sr. Advisor, who also warned about the textile exemption. “Governments should not use a textile exemption to make baby blankets, upholstery fabrics or stuffed animals with DecaBDE-treated textiles. “The slogan of this meeting was, “A Detoxified Future.” Let’s not turn it into “A Toxified Future.” SCCPs Governments added SCCPs to the treaty list, but included a large number of time-limited loopholes even though the expert committee did not recommend any of them. The exemptions included “secondary plasticizers in flexible polyvinyl chloride, except in toys and children’s products.” This inclusion reflected concerns over findings of SCCPs in children’s products. However, IPEN found SCCPs in PVC products that many countries would not define as toys or children’s products. These include SCCPs in PVC rain boots, slippers and wallpaper. “This decision to globally eliminate SCCPs is personal for me,” said Pam Miller, IPEN Co-Chair and Arctic investigator. “I grew up near a major SCCPs manufacturer. They polluted the entire area and the community turned into a cancer cluster.” Toxic recycling continues Unfortunately, delegates agreed to continue to allow recycling materials containing toxic flame retardants (PentaBDE and OctaBDE) found in furniture and electronic waste (e-waste). If the chemicals are not removed, they are carried into new products when the plastic is recycled. The practice violates the Stockholm Convention, which explicitly prohibits recycling and reuse of substances on its list. The decision urges governments, “to ensure that brominated diphenyl ethers are not introduced into articles in which the presence of these chemicals would pose a risk of human exposure, in particular consumer products such as children’s toys.” A new IPEN study2 shows that continuing the toxic recycling policy widely contaminates children’s products. “Governments signaled concern over toxic recycling, but it’s time to end a policy that potentially poisons children,” said Dr. Joe DiGangi, IPEN Science and Technical Advisor. “Recycling materials that contain toxic chemicals contaminates new products, continues exposure, and undermines the credibility of recycling.” HCBD Delegates agreed to add hexachlorobutadiene (HCBD) to Annex C – the part of the treaty that deals with unintentionally-produced substances. The listing paves the way to address HCBD releases through recommendations on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices. Hazardous waste limits The EU stymied attempts to adopt strict hazardous waste limits for dioxin and other POPs. Despite attempts from the entire African region to reduce the threshold for dioxin waste to 1 ppb, the EU insisted upon a level of 15 ppb. This opens the door to a flow of dioxin-contaminated incinerator ash to developing and transition countries who cannot manage it. These toxic residues have been demonstrated to contaminate chicken eggs and other parts of the food chain at levels which can harm humans, wherever the waste is dumped.4 Other POPs were also assigned weak threshold values that could lead to contamination of the plastics recycling chain. Rotterdam Convention lists 4 substances but blocked 4 others Governments decided to add carbofuran, trichlorfon, SCCPs, TBT to the treaty list, making them subject to the prior informed consent process. However, the listing of carbosulfan, chrysotile asbestos, fenthion, and a paraquat formulation was blocked by a very small number of countries despite the fact that exporters would simply have been required to notify and get permission from importing countries. India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Syria, and Zimbabwe blocked the listing of chrysotile asbestos. Chile, Guatemala, India, and Indonesia, blocked listing of the paraquat formulation. “All countries agreed that the candidate substances meet the Convention criteria for listing,” said Pamela Miller, IPEN Co-Chair. “That means that a small handful of opposing countries and their powerful industry representatives put their own economic and trade interests before the health and well-being of the global environment and its inhabitants.” 1 DecaBDE (Decabromodiphenyl ether) is a flame retardant commonly found in electronic waste. SCCPs (short-chain chlorinated paraffins) is an industrial chemical used in metal working and as a flame retardant in plastics. HCBD (hexachlorobutadiene) is produced unintentionally in production of chlorinated hydrocarbons, magnesium; PVC, ethylene dichloride and vinyl chloride, and incineration processes. 2 Please see the two reports here: http://ipen.org/news/press-release-recycling-contaminates-plastic-children%E2%80%99s-toys-toxic-chemicals-electronic-waste http://ipen.org/news/press-release-children%E2%80%99s-toys-contaminated-toxic-industrial-chemical-recommended-global 3 DecaBDE exemptions include parts in new cars, aircraft, textile products, polyurethane foam for building insulation, and plastics and housing parts used for heating home appliances, irons, fans, and immersion heaters. 4http://ipen.org/news/toxic-ash-poisons-our-food-chain CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 16-year-old Alzheimers Research UK Champion wows Britains Got Talent judges Next PostNext Lumendi DiLumen™ EIP Now Available for Endolumenal Therapy Search Recent Posts Vatican’s Ambassador to the U.S. Gives Homily at Catholic Charities 100th Anniversary Mass World Ovarian Cancer Day: Australia’s only Phase 1 ovarian cancer drug trial recruiting patients The state of European philanthropy Ziptrek tells the story of New Zealand with tourism partners Two of Southland’s largest IT service providers merge RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 52° View Live Radar Tue H 85° L 59° Wed H 86° L 62° Thu H 85° L 62° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Friedman: Crazy like a fox, or just crazy? Friedman: Crazy like a fox, or just crazy? May 7th, 2017 by Thomas Friedman/New York Times News Service in Opinion Times Commentary FILE - In this March 31, 2017 file photo, a portrait of former President Andrew Jackson hangs on the wall behind President Donald Trump in the Oval Office. Trump made puzzling claims about Andrew Jackson and the Civil War in an interview recently. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File) Photo by Andrew Harnik Has the first 100 days of the presidency made Donald Trump nuts? I don't ask that question as a doctor. I don't do medical diagnoses. I ask it as a newspaper reader. You read all of Trump's 100-day interviews and they are just bizarre. Out of nowhere Trump tells us he would be "honored" to negotiate directly with the leader of North Korea, after weeks of threatening war. Out of nowhere he says he would consider a gasoline tax to pay for infrastructure. Out of nowhere he says he is considering breaking up the nation's biggest banks. He also insists that his Obamacare replacement legislation contains protections for people with pre-existing conditions that it doesn't. There's barely a dictator in the world for whom he doesn't have praise. And he repeats a known falsehood — that Barack Obama wiretapped him — and tells reporters they should go find the truth, when, as president, he could get the truth from the FBI with one phone call, and when pressed whether he stands by that allegation, answers, "I don't stand by anything." Is this a political strategy unfolding or a psychiatric condition unfolding? I don't know — but it tells me that absolutely anything is possible in the next 100 days — both good and bad. In his first 100 days, allies and adversaries saved Trump and the country from some of his most extreme, ill-considered campaign promises. His foreign policy team stopped him from tearing up the Iran nuclear deal and moving the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. North Korea's missile-loving dictator saved him from declaring China a currency manipulator and starting a trade war with Beijing, because Trump discovered he needed China to restrain North Korea to avoid a war. Boeing and General Electric restrained Trump from getting rid of the Export-Import Bank, which would have left U.S. exporters at a big disadvantage. The federal courts prevented him from imposing his Muslim ban. Border-state Republicans blocked his Mexico wall and other Republicans are blocking his draconian replacement of Obamacare. U.S. farmers, whose exports to Mexico have soared since NAFTA was signed, dissuaded him from walking out of that trade deal. As for the next 100 days, who will protect us? Myself, I am not counting on the Democratic Party. It's too weak. On the issues I care about most, I'm actually counting on California. I believe California's market size, aspirational goals and ability to legislate make it the most powerful opposition party to Trump in America today. How so? Trump wants to scrap Obama-era standards requiring passenger cars to average about 51 mpg by 2025; today it's just under 37 mpg. But as the Los Angeles Times recently noted, under the Clean Air Act, California "can impose emissions standards stronger than those set by the federal government, and a dozen other states have embraced the California rules." More than one-third of the vehicles sold in the United States are subject to the rules California sets. Trump can deregulate U.S. automakers to make more gas guzzlers all he wants, but they can't if they want to sell cars in California. Trump can sue, but that will take years. Ditto California companies: Apple is now powering 96 percent of its operations around the world with renewable energy — 100 percent in 24 countries — including the U.S. and China. Trump's pro-coal campaign will never get Apple back on coal. As Kevin de León, leader of the California state Senate, told me: California has far more clean energy jobs than there are coal jobs in all of America, and California's now nation-leading growth rate in jobs gives the lie to everything Trump says: You can have gradually rising clean energy standards, innovation, job creation and GDP growth — all at the same time. California is also leading the resistance to Trump's draconian immigration policies, with a web of initiatives embracing tighter border controls while also creating health care, education and work opportunities for unauthorized immigrants who have been living here responsibly and productively. "We have made it very clear — we will protect our economic prosperity and our values from Trump," said de León, whose Legislature recently hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to defend it against Trump suits. Holder is California's (and my) secretary of defense. The New York Times More Articles Read next article Here's how to contact your Tennessee and Georgia lawmakers Getting Started/Comments Policy Getting started 1. If you frequently comment on news websites then you may already have a Disqus account. If so, click the "Login" button at the top right of the comment widget and choose whether you'd rather log in with Facebook, Twitter, Google, or a Disqus account. 2. If you've forgotten your password, Disqus will email you a link that will allow you to create a new one. Easy! 3. If you're not a member yet, Disqus will go ahead and register you. It's seamless and takes about 10 seconds. 4. To register, either go through the login process or just click in the box that says "join the discussion," type your comment, and either choose a social media platform to log you in or create a Disqus account with your email address. 5. If you use Twitter, Facebook or Google to log in, you will need to stay logged into that platform in order to comment. If you create a Disqus account instead, you'll need to remember your Disqus password. Either way, you can change your display name if you'd rather not show off your real name. 6. Don't be a huge jerk or do anything illegal, and you'll be fine. Chattanooga Times Free Press Comments Policy The Chattanooga Times Free Press web sites include interactive areas in which users can express opinions and share ideas and information. We cannot and do not monitor all of the material submitted to the website. Additionally, we do not control, and are not responsible for, content submitted by users. By using the web sites, you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of the Times Free Press web sites and any content on the Times Free Press web sites, including, but not limited to, whether you should rely on such content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to review any content that you have submitted to the Times Free Press, and to reject, delete, disable, or remove any content that we determine, in our sole discretion, (a) does not comply with the terms and conditions of this agreement; (b) might violate any law, infringe upon the rights of third parties, or subject us to liability for any reason; or (c) might adversely affect our public image, reputation or goodwill. Moreover, we reserve the right to reject, delete, disable, or remove any content at any time, for the reasons set forth above, for any other reason, or for no reason. If you believe that any content on any of the Times Free Press websites infringes upon any copyrights that you own, please contact us pursuant to the procedures outlined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (Title 17 U.S.C. § 512) at the following address: Copyright Agent The Chattanooga Times Free Press 400 East 11th Street Chattanooga, TN 37403 Phone: 423-757-6315 Email: webeditor@timesfreepress.com Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Trump's salary may be donated to Chickamauga-Chattanooga National Military Park [photos] Chattanooga police seek closer community ties Suit filed over death in Bradley County jail Analysis: Sex assaults in high school sports minimized as 'hazing' Man in serious condition, dog killed in house fire Sunday night Pedestrian hit by vehicle at intersection of McCallie and Central avenues State has investigated 210 allegations of abuse, neglect at Orange Grove Center since 2012 Chattanooga brokers plead guilty in scheme that bilked $5 million from hundreds of investors Trustee resigns from Bryan College, citing concerns about president's actions Hamilton County Black Caucus campaigned for change, but supported no Chattanooga City Council candidates Walker County detention officer held in Catoosa jail on charge of murdering his son Activists protest Tennessee's new 'natural and ordinary meaning' law
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 08 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Mandarin Oriental announces new hotel project in Dubai Saudi Entertainment sector helps boost economy, social cohesion Qatar to chart next phase of tourism strategy toward 2030 Italian firm bags $271mln contract to upgrade Saudi's Al Faisaliah District Four Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172mln Plans to build rotating, shape-shifting skyscraper in Dubai rekindled Dubai's RTA awards contract for roads to Jewel of the Creek UAE's Aldar says third tower of The Bridges sold out Italian firm bags $271mln contract to upgrade Saudi's Al Faisaliah District Dubai's Arabtec Construction appoints new CEO Plans to build rotating, shape-shifting skyscraper in Dubai rekindled Saudi city of Jeddah talks with banks about transport network finance Egypt allocates 744,000 m2 to build power plant in new capital city Dubai develops ‘world’s most efficient’ LED bulb Oil output cuts likely to be extended Saudi signs Yanbu water plant deal with Chinese firm Morocco's Attijariwafa paid twice book value for Barclays Egypt acquisition Financial sector, diversification to drive GCC growth Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Expat remittances from UAE hit $10bln in Q1 Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Turkish wealth fund head says signed Islamic mortgage deal with IDB Kenya's cenbank issues licence to Dubai Islamic Bank UAE's Dana Gas may seek to restructure Islamic bonds Dubai develops ‘world’s most efficient’ LED bulb Saudi Telecom signs fibre optic broadband agreement UAE's Strata appoints new CEO Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ make debut in Saudi Arabia Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Will Kuwait impose tax on expat remittances? Macron wins French presidency, to sighs of relief in Europe Qatar real GDP growth to rise to 2.6% in 2017, 3.6% in 2018 Saudi deflation continues for third consecutive month Saudia achieves a new milestone Farmers, exporters urge Gulf countries to delay veggie ban Saudi deflation continues for third consecutive month Financial sector, diversification to drive GCC growth US delivers additional arms to Lebanon Economy minister calls for more support from Lebanese expats New law offers Lebanese citizenship to emigres Russia says Syria de-escalation deal takes effect at midnight At last: Egypt passes long-awaited investment law Morocco's Attijariwafa paid twice book value for Barclays Egypt acquisition Egypt’s Al Sissi meets Kuwait Emir Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Macron wins French presidency, to sighs of relief in Europe Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA Expat remittances from UAE hit $10bln in Q1 Iranian supreme leader critical of Western-influenced Rouhani education plan Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Air Arabia's first quarter profit drops 12.6%, passenger yields fall Oil output cuts likely to be extended Oil prices rise on expectation of output cut extension Expat remittances from UAE hit $10bln in Q1 NI Capital expects Egypt's state-run Enppi IPO to complete in 6 months Air Arabia's first quarter profit drops 12.6%, passenger yields fall Dubai Investments records net profit of $79mln in Q1 Dubai's Drake & Scull slumps; oil below $50 drags region down Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Fed holds interest rates steady, downplays economic weakness National Bank of Kuwait to issue senior unsecured dollar bond Central bank governor says Saudi will stick to currency peg Oil prices rise on expectation of output cut extension Libya's Waha oil field back at March output level of 75,000 bpd Gold heads for biggest weekly drop in six months OPEC, non-OPEC see need to extend supply-cut pact -Saudi governor Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Farmers, exporters urge Gulf countries to delay veggie ban Four Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172mln Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Saudi Human Rights Commission 60% employees 'under qualified' Egypt passes delayed investment law to attract dollars Iran warns Saudi Arabia after "battle" comments Oman to curb excessive use of pesticides in farms Dubai’s Rent Dispute Centre levels the playing field Iran warns Saudi Arabia after "battle" comments UAE fish safety rumours are false: ministry Saudi Human Rights Commission 60% employees 'under qualified' Saher cameras help reduce traffic deaths by more than 37% in Saudi Four Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172mln Dubai's commercial court eyes expansion Dubai’s Rent Dispute Centre levels the playing field Motorists unhappy over 15% hike in auto insurance premium in UAE UAE drivers can pay fines, buy parking cards at Emirates Post offices Saudi father names baby daughter after Ivanka Trump Saudi students claim its OK to cheat in English exams Saudi step to relax male guardianship welcomed by women's advocates Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Daler Mehndi and Mika Singh to share stage in Dubai Saudi father forbidden from naming his daughter Ivanka IPL: Raina’s pat for young Pant should be showcased Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA Can herbal remedies help kids with gastrointestinal issues? UAE fish safety rumours are false: ministry 4mln Saudis are expected to be diabetic by 2030 UAE health ministry moves to boost patient rights 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey Saudi father forbidden from naming his daughter Ivanka Don't shy away from swimming, it's not too late Parents need to make time for their children Saudi father names baby daughter after Ivanka Trump Shah Rukh Khan: Come... fall in love with Dubai Abu Dhabi recognised as UAE's favourite guest destination Hotels in Qatar line up special offers for Ramadan UAE one of top destinations for Muslim travel Daler Mehndi and Mika Singh to share stage in Dubai Lilly Singh returns to Dubai for book signing Justin Bieber returns to Dubai with 'Purpose Tour' Shah Rukh Khan: Come... fall in love with Dubai IPL: Raina’s pat for young Pant should be showcased Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA Order of finish at 143rd Kentucky Derby The gentlemen of Pakistan cricket Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Market moves: Syngenta ties knot, IAG takes off 05 May 2017 European markets open down but the mood is upbeat for some corporates as ChemChina clinches its $43 billion takeover of Syngenta in what will be China's biggest foreign takeover to date, while shares in BA-owner IAG soar nearly five per cent on a record Q1 performance. David Pollard reports. Video Transcript Shares slipped but not the mood in early trading on Europe's markets. At least when it came to some of the headline makers. First up: Syngenta. ChemChina says it's won more than enough support from the Swiss company's shareholders to clinch its $43 billion takeover. China's biggest foreign takeover to date ... (SOUNDBITE) (English) LCG SENIOR ANALYST, JASPER LAWLER, SAYING: "Where maybe ChemChina benefit most from the from the deal, is that it's a less developed market. They have less sophisticated seeds and other products that Syngenta can bring to the bring to the table. And so it's going to help develop China." In new competition for Airbus and Boeing, the day also saw China's first home-grown large passenger jet taking off on its maiden flight. In Europe, BA-owner IAG shares did the same - on record Q1 profits. (SOUNDBITE) (English) LCG SENIOR ANALYST, JASPER LAWLER, SAYING: "Really it's the lower fuel costs. They're helping IAG in a typically low part of the season. That along side cost cutting." But BHP Billiton came under some selling pressure. The miner under shareholder pressure to simplify its structure - and now, it's reported, to dump chief executive Andrew Mackenzie. Pearson shares, meanwhile, were up a mighty 15 per cent - on the promise of more cost cuts. And if the US earnings season continues to surprise, the mood in Europe should stay upbeat. (SOUNDBITE) (English) LCG SENIOR ANALYST, JASPER LAWLER, SAYING: That has been the theme and we're looking at double digit earnings growth in USA and continue with some of the big companies reporting next week. You know I think that bodes well for overall market sentiment." After hitting fresh 20 month highs, the STOXX 600 was on track to end the week up more than 1 percent. German blue chips have been at record highs and France's CAC at its highest level in more than 9 years - despite a fraught second run-off to its presidential election. Multimedia VIDEO ISIS leader in Afghanistan confirmed killed VIDEO In victory speech, Macron pledges to serve France with "humility and love" VIDEO North Korea detains another American citizen, KCNA reports VIDEO French people 'voted for continuity': Le Pen VIDEO Macron storms to victory in French election VIDEO French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen casts her vote Advertisement Most Popular Videos Airbus plane maker profit dips on engine delays 27 Apr 2017 - Reuters Videos Facebook shares fall on warning of revenue squeeze 04 May 2017 - Reuters Videos Assad says Syria "should be secular" 23 Nov 2015 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
null
About US Contact US Registration Monday May 8th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage US X-37B space plane lands after 2-yr secret mission By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 8, 2017  /  Comments Off on US X-37B space plane lands after 2-yr secret mission       Print       Email MIL OSI China – Source: China State Council Information Office Headline: US X-37B space plane lands after 2-yr secret mission The U.S. Air Force’s mysterious X-37B space plane returned to Earth on Sunday after completing a secret space mission that lasted nearly two years. The reusable, unmanned X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle landed at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, an airport used by the U.S. space agency’s Space Shuttle for landing until the program’s end in 2011. The just-ended mission, known as Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 (OTV-4), was launched in May 2015 and conducted secret experiments for a total of 718 days while in orbit. It’s the fourth and longest-running mission for the X-37B program, run by the U.S. Air Force’s Rapid Capabilities Office. The program began as a NASA project in 1999 but was later transferred to the Pentagon. “The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation,” Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, said in a statement. “This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle’s first landing in the state of Florida,” Fehlen said. “We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities.” The first three missions all ended with landings at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The X-37B, built by Boeing, looks much like NASA’s retired space shuttles, only much smaller. It is boosted into orbit by a rocket and lands like an aircraft on a conventional runway. The exact purpose of the X-37B was never revealed and the secrecy surrounding the project has led to speculation that the solar-powered X-37B can be used as a spy satellite or to deliver weapons from space. The U.S. Air Force only confirmed that the unmanned aircraft “performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies.” “Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control, thermal protection systems, avionics, high temperature structures and seals, conformal reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems, advanced propulsion systems, advanced materials and autonomous orbital flight, reentry and landing,” it said. The U.S. Air Force said it’s now preparing to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, later this year.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 8, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 8, 2017 @ 2:10 pm Filed Under: Asia Pacific, Asia Pacific Region, China, China State Council Information Office, Defence, Defense, English, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Peoples Republic Of China, PRC State Government, Top News NEXT ARTICLE → More Nigerian schoolgirls to regain freedom soon About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts US X-37B space plane lands after 2-yr secret mission More Nigerian schoolgirls to regain freedom soon Namibia proposes genocide remembrance day Iran’s top leader urges massive turnout in elections Palestinian woman shot dead amidst stabbing attempt © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
NASA High Performance Fast Computing Challenge   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Competitions, Challenges and Contests Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! In Praise of Skeuomorphy jQuery 3 - Using Events Information Theory Insider's Guide To Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree Part 2 Towers Of Hanoi Mutants jQuery UI and Auto-Complete Address Entry Recursion A Programmer's Guide To R - The Vector The Web - The Early Years JQuery 3 - Reinventing Events In Praise of Top Down Programming Android Adventures - The ConstraintLayout Getting Started with jQuery UI Insider's Guide To Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree A Programmer's Guide To Octave New Book Reviews! Beautiful Code: Leading Programmers Explain How They Think OpenGL Programming Guide Learn to Program with Scratch Linux System Programming, 2nd Ed Professional Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services and Mobile Reports Learning Web App Development Head First JavaScript Programming Python: An Introduction to Programming Programming Interviews Exposed, 3rd Ed Python 201 The Computing Universe Spark In Action, 2nd Edition Beginning Android Programming with Android Studio, 4th Ed Big Data Made Easy Introduction to Machine Learning with Python Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function NASA High Performance Fast Computing Challenge Written by Sue Gee    Monday, 08 May 2017 At first glance the contest NASA has launched to get help in speeding up its computational algorithms seem an interesting challenge for any numerical analyst. Then you notice that it's restricted to US citizens, over 18, and that there's an authorization process before you can download the code.   The goal of this challenge, now live on the TopCoder and HeroX platforms is to modify the specialized computational fluid dynamics (CFD) algorithms that NASA runs on its Pleiades supercomputer.   The overview on the NASA Tournament Lab asks: Do you want to help aerospace engineers solve problems faster? Does the phrase “nonlinear partial differential equations used for unsteady computations” excite you? Do you want to try yourself with the complex computational software that NASA scientists use? and in this video Dr Michael Roger, Project Manager of NASA's Transformation Tools and Technologies Project, part of NASA's Aeronautics Research Program says he is looking for a 10 to 1000 times increase in the speed of computation of it's FUN3D software.     There are two challenges running in parallel between now and June 29. The Architecture one is on TopCoder unti with two prizes of $15,000 and $10,000. According to TopCoder in it contestants need to: Show us how to optimize individual software module code and/or inter-node processing in order to reduce overall model computation time and parallelization efficiency.   Ideal submission may include algorithm optimization of the existing code base,  Inter-node dispatch optimization or a combination of the two.  Unlike the Ideation challenge, which is highly strategic, this challenge focuses on measurable improvements of the existing FUN3d suite and is highly tactical.  The Ideation challenge on the HeroX platform has a First place prize of $10,000 and two runner up prizes of $5.000 and involves: Optimizing source code to improve NASA’s FUN3d Computational Fluid Dynamics suite in such a way that flow analysis that previously took months to compute can now be done in days or even hours.  We are hoping this challenge will identify ideas that will improve FUN3D to complete complex flow analysis 1000x faster.  We think there are several approaches to finding solutions that will help NASA achieve 1000x performance improvement and they don’t all require you to be an aeronautical engineer.  Ideas and approaches may include, but are not limited to exploiting algorithmic developments in such areas as grid adaptation, higher-order methods and efficient solution techniques for high performance computing hardware.  To participate in this challenge you first have to apply for access to FUN3D software, the suite of Fortran fluid dynamic programs used by NASA and aeronautics companies like Lockheed and Boeing, for  through an application process with the US Government.   Some background about this software explains why NASA is turning to crowd sourcing: FUN3D was born in the late 1980s as a research code. The code’s original purpose was to study existing algorithms and to develop new algorithms for unstructured-grid fluid dynamic simulations spanning incompressible flow to transonic flow. The project has since grown into a suite of codes that cover not only analysis, but adjoint-based error estimation, mesh adaptation, and design optimization of fluid dynamic problems extending into the hypersonic regime. For FUN3D, you will need a Fortran 2003 compiler. This code has gone through an extensive cleanup/overhaul over the past few years to lay a solid foundation for the extension to flows in thermochemical non-equilibrium, and is considerably easier to use and modify than ever before.  Considering the value to NASA of the speed optimization they are hoping for the total prize pool of $55,000 seems somewhat exploitative especially as the rules of the Ideation contest include:  Innovators who are awarded a prize for their submission must agree to grant NASA a an irrevocable, royalty free, perpetual, sublicensable, transferable, and worldwide license to use and permit others to use all or any part of the solution including, without limitation, the right to make, have made, sell, offer for sale, use, rent, lease, import, copy, prepare derivative works, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute all or any part of such solution, modifications, or combinations thereof and to sublicense (directly or indirectly through multiple tiers) or transfer any and all such rights. Looking back to other NASA contests that have been on TopCoder, prizes have been similarly modest and rely for participation on the inherent importance of the topic and the kudos of doing well on the community leaderboard. More Information High Performance Fast Computing Challenge on HeroX High Performance Fast Computing Architecture Challenge on Topcoder Related Articles NASA's Asteroid Grand Challenge NASA Latest Network Algorithm Challenge $10K Contest To Solve A Problem Worth Millions   To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.  Best Laid Plans of Lions and Men 09/04/2017 Can a man survive a lion attack by two lions? The answer is yes if the question is about mathematics and not real lions. This is almost a classic mathematical conundrum.  + Full Story Investigating Bias In AI Language Learning 17/04/2017 A new study has revealed that AI systems, such as Google Translate, acquire the same cultural biases as humans.While this isn't a surprising finding, it comes as a cause for concern and remedial actio [ ... ] + Full Story More News Chrome Introduces Scroll Anchoring SIGGRAPH 2017 Must View 3-Minute Trailer Forget The Turing Test It's The MacGyver Test That Matters Google Uses AI To Make Better Artists Web Developer Salaries Revealed Self Driving Cars Can Be Easily Made To Not See Pedestrians IPython 6 Released Supporting Python 3.3 and Above Microsoft Cognitive Services APIs Released Facebook Open Sources Litho Android UI Framework Top 10 From Around The Web: Python Web Development Resources Web Dev To Data Scientist With Python Facebook Relay Improves Mobile Performance Google Introduces Mobile Sites Certification       Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Sunday, 07 May 2017 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2017 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
  You are here: Home > World > Top News US X-37B space plane lands after 2-yr secret mission 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail Xinhua, May 8, 2017 Adjust font size: 视频播放位置 下载安装Flash播放器 The U.S. Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane returned to Earth on Sunday after completing a secret space mission that lasted nearly two years. The reusable, unmanned X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle landed at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, an airport used by the U.S. space agency's Space Shuttle for landing until the program's end in 2011. The just-ended mission, known as Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 (OTV-4), was launched in May 2015 and conducted secret experiments for a total of 718 days while in orbit. It's the fourth and longest-running mission for the X-37B program, run by the U.S. Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office. The program began as a NASA project in 1999 but was later transferred to the Pentagon. "The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation," Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, said in a statement. "This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle's first landing in the state of Florida," Fehlen said. "We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities." The first three missions all ended with landings at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The X-37B, built by Boeing, looks much like NASA's retired space shuttles, only much smaller. It is boosted into orbit by a rocket and lands like an aircraft on a conventional runway. The exact purpose of the X-37B was never revealed and the secrecy surrounding the project has led to speculation that the solar-powered X-37B can be used as a spy satellite or to deliver weapons from space. The U.S. Air Force only confirmed that the unmanned aircraft "performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies." "Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control, thermal protection systems, avionics, high temperature structures and seals, conformal reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems, advanced propulsion systems, advanced materials and autonomous orbital flight, reentry and landing," it said. The U.S. Air Force said it's now preparing to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, later this year. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter US X-37B space plane lands after 2-yr secret mission The USAF's mysterious X-37B space plane returned to Earth on Sunday after completing a secret space mission that lasted nearly two years. Xinhua Xinhua
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← “The Crisis Has Become Pandemic” – System To Collect Defaulted Student Loans Is No Longer Functioning Air Force’s X-37B space plane lands at KSC with a boom Posted on May 7, 2017 by Angel - NYC Florida Today – by James Dean Sonic booms awakened some Space Coast residents Sunday morning as an unmanned military space plane made its first touchdown at Kennedy Space Center, completing a nearly two-year, mostly classified mission. The Air Force shortly after 8 a.m. reported that the experimental X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle had landed safely on NASA’s former space shuttle runway. The exact time was not confirmed.   The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 has returned from orbit and has landed safely @NASAKennedy. Stay tuned for more info. — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 Video posted by the Air Force from a runway camera showed the winged craft whiz overhead, touch down on wheels on the runway’s north end and race down the three-mile, concrete strip before rolling to a stop in daylight. Crews wearing protective suits for hazardous operations met the mini-shuttle that measures about 29 feet long — about a quarter the length of NASA’s shuttle orbiters — with a nearly 15-foot wingspan. The fourth X-37B mission, known as OTV-4, launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket on May 20, 2015, for a total mission duration of 718 days — the most yet by about six weeks. “The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation,” said Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, in a press release. “This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle’s first landing in the state of Florida. We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities. We are extremely proud of the dedication and hard work by the entire team.”   The landing was the first on KSC’s Shuttle Landing Facility by a spacecraft returning from orbit since Atlantis touched down nearly six years ago to conclude the final flight of NASA’s 30-year space shuttle program. The much larger shuttle orbiters announced astronauts’ return home with twin sonic booms. The U.S. Air Force is thinking about consolidating mysterious mini-shuttle operations at Kennedy Space Center or Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, the service said today. Video, narration by Caroline Perez. Reporting by Todd Halvorson. (9-27-12) Before Sunday, it was not known how widely noticed the return of the autonomously flown X-37B would be, but residents in northern Brevard County and across Central Florida reported hearing booms on social media. The Air Force’s two reusable mini-shuttles have now each completed two missions in low Earth orbit, for a total of 2,085 days. The first mission launched in 2010 and flew for about 224 days. Three previous landings occurred at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. But the program managed by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and operated by Boeing has since consolidated operations at two of KSC’s former shuttle hangars, enabling the mini-shuttles to launch and land in the same place. High bay doors on one hangar identify the site as the “Home of the X-37B.” “Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today’s safe and successful landing of the X-37B,” said Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, commander of the Air Force’s 45th Space Wing. Details about the purpose of the space planes, which house smaller versions of shuttle payload bays, are mostly kept secret. The Air Force says the vehicles are advancing reusable spacecraft technologies, allowing systems to be tested in space and then inspected back on the ground before being deployed on operational missions. For example, the just-landed mission was known to have included tests of an upgraded electric thruster used by high-value national security satellites, and a NASA materials science experiment. The Secure World Foundation has shot down speculation that the X-37B could be used to attack targets on the ground, saying that scenario has “near zero feasibility.” Instead, the foundation says, the platform “is likely to be used for flight testing new reusable space launch vehicle technologies (such as guidance and thermal protection) and on-orbit testing of new sensor technologies and satellite hardware primarily for space-based remote sensing.” The Air Force says the fifth X-37B mission, OTV-5, is scheduled to launch later this year from Cape Canaveral. Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 orjdean@floridatoday.com. And follow on Twitter at@flatoday_jdeanand on Facebook atfacebook.com/jamesdeanspace. http://www.floridatoday.com/story/tech/science/space/2017/05/07/air-forces-x-37b-space-plane-lands-ksc/101401768/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 403 ← “The Crisis Has Become Pandemic” – System To Collect Defaulted Student Loans Is No Longer Functioning Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Swifty Lomax on Another Drawing From the Trenches Cynicles on Another Drawing From the Trenches Cynicles on Armored Combat Brigade Team Moving By Rail Cynicles on Armored Combat Brigade Team Moving By Rail BMF on San Diego police shoot, kill teen holding a BB gun koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Kushner family sells $500,000 ‘investor visa’ to rich Chinese at Beijing ballroom event NC on Kushner family sells $500,000 ‘investor visa’ to rich Chinese at Beijing ballroom event NC on Kushner family sells $500,000 ‘investor visa’ to rich Chinese at Beijing ballroom event avgjoe on Armored Combat Brigade Team Moving By Rail BMF on A New Street Drug Can Kill You by Touching Your Skin: What You Need to Know Haywood jablowme on PETA Crashes Biker Gathering… Not to be missed… Martist on We’re Marching on Nevada Southern Prison! charles walker on Ecclesia: Why there’s NO DUE PROCESS though the U.S. CONSTITUTION charles walker on Armored Combat Brigade Team Moving By Rail Martist on A New Street Drug Can Kill You by Touching Your Skin: What You Need to Know Volthair on Armored Combat Brigade Team Moving By Rail charles walker on We’re Marching on Nevada Southern Prison! Frank Face on We’re Marching on Nevada Southern Prison! Millard on DARPA Is Planning to Hack the Human Brain to Let Us “Upload” Skills Millard on A New Street Drug Can Kill You by Touching Your Skin: What You Need to Know Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Buz & Tech >Science & Tech U.S. military's X-37B space plane lands after 2-year secret mission 2017-05-07 22:36:17 GMT2017-05-08 06:36:17(Beijing Time) Xinhua English WASHINGTON, May 7 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane returned to Earth on Sunday after completing a secret space mission that lasted nearly two years. The reusable, unmanned X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle landed at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, an airport used by the U.S. space agency's Space Shuttle for landing until the program's end in 2011. The just-ended mission, known as Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 (OTV-4), was launched in May 2015 and conducted secret experiments for a total of 718 days while in orbit. It's the fourth and longest-running mission for the X-37B program, run by the U.S. Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office. The program began as a NASA project in 1999 but was later transferred to the Pentagon. "The landing of OTV-4 marks another success for the X-37B program and the nation," Lt. Col. Ron Fehlen, X-37B program manager, said in a statement. "This mission once again set an on-orbit endurance record and marks the vehicle's first landing in the state of Florida," Fehlen said. "We are incredibly pleased with the performance of the space vehicle and are excited about the data gathered to support the scientific and space communities." The first three missions all ended with landings at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The X-37B, built by Boeing, looks much like NASA's retired space shuttles, only much smaller. It is boosted into orbit by a rocket and lands like an aircraft on a conventional runway. The exact purpose of the X-37B was never revealed and the secrecy surrounding the project has led to speculation that the solar-powered X-37B can be used as a spy satellite or to deliver weapons from space. The U.S. Air Force only confirmed that the unmanned aircraft "performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies." "Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control, thermal protection systems, avionics, high temperature structures and seals, conformal reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems, advanced propulsion systems, advanced materials and autonomous orbital flight, reentry and landing," it said. The U.S. Air Force said it's now preparing to launch the fifth X-37B mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, later this year.   | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > US Air Force's Secret Space Spy Plane Lands After 718-Day Mission US Air Force's Secret Space Spy Plane Lands After 718-Day Mission Duration: 01:22s - Published: 13 hours ago< > Embed As it sped past a parked space shuttle after a landing at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Sunday, May 7, the US Air Force’s X-37B space spy plane looked about the size of a ladybug next to the retired former mainstay of the US space program.The Boeing-built X-37B carries no human crew, however, and was returning Sunday from a secret 718-day mission. It was launched from an Atlas-5 rocket in May 2015 on what was the program’s fourth mission, with a fifth planned for the future.These videos show the X-37B’s landing on a runway from two different angles. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Unmanned US Air Force space plane lands after secret, two-year missionUnited States military's experimental X-37B space plane landed at the NASAs Kennedy Space Center in... All India Radio 4 hours ago - WorldAlso reported by •Reuters •Reuters India •The Verge Little Time to Relax for Reporters on Air Force OneVOA's White House Bureau Chief Steve Herman began his post after President Donald Trump took office... VOA News 1 week ago - Africa You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump LeBron James Barack Obama Emma Watson Benjamin Netanyahu Current Topics Texas Governor Victory MTV Movie And TV Awards Central Afghanistan Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Fishing For Facebook Likes? They Won't Make You Happier - According To Science What Happened To WhatsApp? Major Outage Hits Millions Has The Pop Bubble Burst? Coke Is Cutting Hundreds Of Jobs Is This Companion Returning To Doctor Who? Who's Paying For Trump's Wall? Not The Taxpayer Is a Lack Of Eye Contact Racist? Oxford University Newsletter Forced To Apologise MOVIE REVIEW: The Promise Could FREXIT Happen? Macron Thinks So.. Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +308 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Newest Secret US Spacecraft Returns to Earth After Over 700 Days in Space © AP Photo/ US Air Force Tech 20:07 07.05.2017(updated 03:10 08.05.2017) Get short URL 74251725 After over 2 years in space, advanced US re-entry X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle spacecraft successfully landed at NASA's Kennedy Space Center. "The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 is back after more than 700 days in #Space," US Air Force stated on its Twitter. The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 is back after more than 700 days in #Space. @NASAKennedy pic.twitter.com/02WdzMSDJe — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) 7 мая 2017 г. "​The #AirForce #X37B #OTV4 has returned from orbit and has landed safely @NASAKennedy," the Air Force added. According to the US Air Force, the X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle is "the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft." The #X37B #OTV4 is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft. Find out more about today's landing here: https://t.co/GUGgOMQiYg pic.twitter.com/HfHHVnWhYc — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) 7 мая 2017 г. This was the fourth flight of this vehicle. Boeing started the secret X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle project under NASA's aegis in 1999. Originally, the reusable X-37 was intended to repair satellites in orbit. However, in 2004 the program was classified and handed over to the US Air Force. © Photo: Wikipedia Pentagon Calls to Brace for Star Wars as Russia, China Take On US Dominance in SpaceSince 2010, the spacecraft are carrying out test orbital flights. According to experts, X-37 can be used both for testing new technologies and for the delivery of reconnaissance satellites into space. Potentially, they can be equipped with weapons, but the Pentagon assures that this is not part of its plans. The X-37B program is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft that performs risk reduction, experimentation and concept of operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies. On March 20, 2015, a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V rocket successfully launched the AFSPC-5 satellite for the US Air Force from Space Launch Complex-41. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 725 Related: Cosmonaut on How to End All Wars: 'Gather Up Politicians & Send Them Into Space' Star Wars 2.0: Pentagon at Full Throttle Toward Militarization of Space 'Space Wars are Likely in the Future' as US, Russia Developing Satellite Weapons Star Wars Reboot: US Sets Stage for Space-Based Arms Race With Russia, China Tags: Orbital Test Vehicle, X-37B, US Air Force, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:51NATO Secretary General Congratulates Macron on Victory in French Election 09:50Pentagon Backs McCain's $7.5Bln Military Funding Plan 09:50Syrian Special Forces Blow up Nusra Tunnels in Damascus Suburb (VIDEO) 09:22Two Roadside Bombs Explode in DPR Before Leader's Motorcade Passage 09:04Chinese-Russian Trade Turnover Increased By 15% in April Year-on-YearAll news Wikileaks Publishes Secret CIA Tools That Attacked Computers Inside Offices 37714 Oops! US Accidentally Wipes Out Ukrainian Tactical Ballistic Missile Program 12562 US House Bill on Port Controls Amounts to 'Declaration of War' - Russian Senator 12427 The Red Line of Common Sense: The US Can't Control Russian Ports Without War 10188 US Army Preparing for 'Battle for Seoul' With South Korea Military Shake-Up 9292All news The Red Line of Common Sense: The US Can't Control Russian Ports Without War 50 US House Bill on Port Controls Amounts to 'Declaration of War' - Russian Senator 38 US Wants Control Over Russian Ports, But Who's Going to Let Them? 36 Profit and PR: Key Reasons Why Iran Might Become Next Target for US Tomahawks 32 Who is Mr. Putin? West Still Can't Figure Out Russian President 28All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Corgi, Reindeer and Guinea Pig: Animals Serving in Police Around the World Global Port Authority T-72B3, a Sporty Tank News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Air Force's X-37B Space Plane Lands in Florida After Record-Breaking Secret Mission By Mike Wall, Space.com Senior Writer | May 7, 2017 10:13am ET MORE The record-shattering mission of the U.S. Air Force's robotic X-37B space plane is finally over. After circling Earth for an unprecedented 718 days, the X-37B touched down Sunday (May 7) at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida — the first landing at the SLF since the final space shuttle mission came back to Earth in July 2011. "Today marks an incredibly exciting day for the 45th Space Wing as we continue to break barriers," Air Force Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, said in a statement. "Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today's safe and successful landing of the X-37B." [The Mysterious X-37B Space Plane: 6 Surprising Facts] The U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 (OTV-4) is seen after landing at the Shuttle Landing Facility of NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida on May 7, 2017. The unpiloted space plane spent a record 718 days in space during its classified mission. Credit: U.S. Air Force The just-ended mission, known as OTV-4 (Orbital Test Vehicle-4), was the fourth for the X-37B program. All four launched from Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and the first three landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. But Air Force officials have said they want to consolidate X-37B launch and touchdown operations on Florida's Space Coast, so today's landing might be the first of many at the SLF.   "The hard work of the X-37B OTV team and the 45th Space Wing successfully demonstrated the flexibility and resolve necessary to continue the nation's advancement in space," Randy Walden, the director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, said in the same statement. "The ability to land, refurbish, and launch from the same location further enhances the OTV's ability to rapidly integrate and qualify new space technologies." The Air Force is known to possess two X-37B space plane vehicles, both of which were built by Boeing. The 29-foot-long (8.8 meters) X-37B looks like NASA's now-retired space shuttle orbiter, only much smaller; indeed, two X-37Bs could fit inside a space shuttle's cavernous payload bay. The X-37B launches vertically and comes back to Earth horizontally for a runway landing, as the space shuttle did. Most of the X-37B's payloads and activities are classified, leading to some speculation that the space plane could be a weapon of some sort, perhaps a disabler of enemy satellites. But Air Force officials have always strongly refuted that notion, stressing that the vehicle is simply testing technologies on orbit.  [The X-37B's Fourth Mystery Mission in Photos] Technicians in protective gear work on the U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle after its successful landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida on May 7, 2017. NASA's massive Vehicle Assembly Building is visible in the distance at top right. Credit: U.S. Air Force What do you think the U.S. Air Force's robotic X-37B space planes are doing on their months-long mystery missions in orbit? Space weapon tests: It's a secret project to make war in space. Space surveillance: It's the world's best spysat platform. Space tech tests: The U.S. military is pushing the robotic spaceflight frontier. Peaceful uses in space: The X-37B is quiet because it's a robot and doesn't talk. Get Results Share This "Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control; thermal-protection systems; avionics; high-temperature structures and seals; conformal, reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems; and autonomous orbital flight, re-entry and landing," Capt. AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, told Space.com via email in March. "Also, the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC), and the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office (AFRCO) are investigating an experimental propulsion system," she said. Outside experts generally agree with the Air Force's claims, saying it's unlikely that the X-37B is doing anything aggressive or nefarious on orbit. Some observers have suggested that, in addition to the roles cited by Annicelli, the vehicle may be testing sensors for the National Reconnaissance Office, which operates the United States' fleet of spy satellites. Each X-37B flight has been longer than the last. OTV-1 lifted off on April 22, 2010, and spent 224 days in space; OTV-2 launched on March 5, 2011, and orbited Earth for 468 days; and OTV-3 began on Dec. 11, 2012, and lasted 674 days. (OTV-4 lifted off on May 20, 2015.) Though OTV-4 set an X-37B program record, the mission fell far short of the overall mark for longest spaceflight mission. Some Earth-observing satellites have operated for decades, and NASA's twin Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes are still sending data home, nearly 40 years after their 1977 launches. Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Air Force Space Plane Lands After 718 Days | Video X-37B Space Plane's Capabilities Explained By Boeing | Video Photos: X-37B Space Plane - The Orbital Test Vehicle US Air Force's Secretive X-37B Space Plane (Infographic) Author Bio Mike Wall, Space.com Senior Writer Michael was a science writer for the Idaho National Laboratory and has been an intern at Wired.com, The Salinas Californian newspaper, and the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. He has also worked as a herpetologist and wildlife biologist. He has a Ph.D. in evolutionary biology from the University of Sydney, Australia, a bachelor's degree from the University of Arizona, and a graduate certificate in science writing from the University of California, Santa Cruz. To find out what his latest project is, you can follow Mike on Google+. Mike Wall, Space.com Senior Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Air Force Space Plane Lands After 718 Days | Video The US Military's Secretive X-37B Space Plane: 6 Surprising Facts Building Project Mercury: Test Flight Photos of NASA's First Spaceship Mercury Redstone 3: Photos from Alan Shepard's Freedom 7 Spaceflight See the Moon and Jupiter Pair Off in Tonight's Sky! HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 8, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion BLAZE OF GLORY Tim Peake could be last scientist to leave the International Space Station before it crashes into Pacific in ‘huge fireworks display’ Bosses at NASA and the ESA are drawing up plans on how to dispose of the floating research centre when its funding runs out in 2024 with the money used in an attempt to reach Mars By George Sandeman 7th May 2017, 3:41 pm Updated: 7th May 2017, 4:11 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SCIENTISTS are planning to send the International Space Station off in a blaze of glory when they demolish it at some point in the next 10 years. Funding for the floating research centre runs out in 2024 and NASA are hoping to dismantle it by sending it hurtling towards the Pacific Ocean in what should prove to be a spectacular fireworks display. Alamy 3 Scientists are discussing how they will dispose of the International Space Station in 2024 The space centre is made up of massive sections for researchers to work and live in as well as fuel tanks and other components that should generate a massive series of fireballs when they re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere. The denser air on Earth will cause huge friction with the objects which should burn up spectacularly as they are sent hurtling towards the sea. Tim Peake, the British astronaut, could be among the space team that prepares the ISS for its fiery death as he is due to return to the station between 2021 and 2024, reported The Sunday Times. MOST READ IN NEWS YOUR PALACE OR MINE? Meghan Markle and Prince Harry snog in public for first time at polo bash - as it's revealed she WILL attend Pippa Middleton's wedding SACRE BL-EU! Why new French President Macron is bad news for Brexit Britain - after he enters victory rally to EU anthem BE MORE LIKE PHIL Queen tells Wills and Harry to stop 'soul-baring' and be more stately like her retiring hubby Prince Philip 'REDUCED TO ASHES' Now North Korea threatens to nuke the White House as it brands US troops 'murderous ogres' LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT Moment French President Emmanuel Macron kissed future wife when she was his teacher GRAN SLAM Sickening moment 'granny' is slammed to the floor and chucked into pool in front of jeering party revellers SUPERSTAR 'RAPE' PROBE Ex-beauty queen quizzed by cops over 'rape' by British pop legend accused of 'attacking 14-year-old' FRANCE'S FIRST LADY Meet Brigitte Trogneux, 64-year-old wife of French President Emmanuel Macron 'drink driving, darling?' 'If only!' George Michael's soulmate Kenny Goss reveals all on singer's notorious arrest for sex act in LA toilet Is that a stick of Brighton rock? Brighton ace Shane Duffy caught cheating as pictures of him naked in another girl’s bed were posted on social media PUTIN ON A SHOW OF MIGHT Thousands of Russian soldiers, aircraft and tanks march in a massive showcase of power THE BEACH IS BACK Villagers stunned as entire beach that washed away 30 years ago reappears overnight YOU SEXY FIN Porn star’s underwater shoot goes horribly wrong when SHARK takes a bite out of her leg ORAL SEX DEATH TRIAL Man asks to show jury his PENIS as evidence lover died accidentally choking during oral sex FRENCH KISS How French President Emmanuel Macron, 39, seduced gran, 64, who he fell for at FIFTEEN LEFT FOR DEAD Gang-raped girl, 19, woke up to find her family had been brutally murdered… now she has finally won justice MAD CAVE Moment millionaire who built 'ultimate lad pad' in garden tries to tear down a fence after furious row with neighbours Suited and Booted Austin Reed to cut 1,000 jobs as 116-yr-old men’s store shuts up shop on high street FEELING HOT HOT HOT! Brits bask in temperatures of 21.3C on Sunday - and it's going to be even hotter this week The plans were revealed by Dr Ellen Stofan, NASA’s chief scientist, who helped draw up the idea before leaving the agency in December last year. She said: “The future of the ISS is a big issue for NASA. The funding is there till 2024 but then it must start moving money to human Mars missions. “If we keep it fully funded after 2024 it will compromise the Mars budget and by 2028 it will start failing. It is huge, the size of an [American] football pitch, so the overall plan is to drop it into the Pacific.” Alamy 3 Brit Tim Peake is among the astronauts who could be the last one to leave the station The 56-year-old will be describing the plans in more detail when she speaks at the Cheltenham science festival in Gloucestershire next month. Another idea for the ISS is to dismantle some elements of it and bring them back to Earth while leaving the rest in space but this depends on what the Russian government thinks as they own several sections of it. Alternatively, commercial flights could use the station from 2020 with Richard Branson and Elon Musk among the entrepreneurs trying to make space tourism a reality. Additionally, Boeing is developing a next generation capsule called a Starliner which would be able to take people into low orbit space, including the ISS, from 2020. Getty Images 3 One idea is to send the ISS crashing into the Pacific Ocean causing a ‘fireworks display’ The building of the ISS began in 1998 when the first modules were launched into space and has been valuable in helping scientists understand more about surviving the health hazards of living in space which can include brain swelling, eye damage and skin problems. One of the contributors to the ISS is the European Space Agency who pays approximately £300m a year into the project. David Parker, director of human spaceflight and robotic exploration at the ESA, said: “Our plan is to free up this money from the mid-2020s to explore beyond low earth orbit . . . that will eventually mean de-orbiting the ISS. “The south Pacific is the target and it will be a huge fireworks display.” To date 227 astronauts have lived on board the ISS and it weighs around 412 tons – the largest-ever space structure. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368. British astronaut Tim Peake is returning to the International Space Station The Sun Topics Space Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Exclusive X-rated UFC leaks UFC fighters Raquel Pennington, Tecia Torres, Jessamyn Duke and Angela Magana feared to be latest victims of naked pic leaks online Sport Exclusive ZOE LOVER'S TAX HELL Zoe Ball's late boyfriend Billy Yates fell victim to convicted fraudster before he was found hanged TV & Showbiz Exclusive Did BGT bosses bend truth? Britain's Got Talent hit by faking claims over contortionists act and 'made-up' tweet TV & Showbiz Exclusive Fwends reunited Inbetweeners star Joe Thomas hints hit cast could return as adults for new series TV & Showbiz BEE GEE LOVE CHILD? 'Bee Gee Maurice Gibb is my dad' claims musician and he's begging surviving brother Barry to help TV & Showbiz NAKED AMBITION Madonna poses totally nude and shows off tanned torso in latest Instagram picture TV & Showbiz Exclusive DALES BUT NO DEAL Emmerdale baddie Emma Barton set to be killed off — but star doesn't want to go TV & Showbiz Exclusive Lukkin' Hell Romelu Lukaku could REJECT Chelsea for Man Utd with Everton star concerned by Antonio Conte's tactics Football Exclusive YOUR PALACE OR MINE? Meghan Markle and Prince Harry snog in public for first time at polo bash - as it's revealed she WILL attend Pippa Middleton's wedding News Sam's bed of Niall's Ex-Towie star Sam Faiers moves into Niall Horan's bedroom after revealing crush on former 1D star TV & Showbiz SACRE BL-EU! Why new French President Macron is bad news for Brexit Britain - after he enters victory rally to EU anthem News WRONG DIRECTION Harry Styles pictured using his phone while driving risking a £200 fine and six penalty points TV & Showbiz There's no shred of doubt A writer took on the six week shred to see if it really works - and here's how she got on Living BE MORE LIKE PHIL Queen tells Wills and Harry to stop 'soul-baring' and be more stately like her retiring hubby Prince Philip News 'REDUCED TO ASHES' Now North Korea threatens to nuke the White House as it brands US troops 'murderous ogres' News Just Published DREAMLINER Pilot suspended for going to SLEEP and leaving trainee at the controls of London-bound passenger jet News MIGRATION PLEDGE Conservatives WILL promise to slash net migration to below 100,000 in election manifesto News STILL IN THE DRIVING SEAT The Queen, 91, takes the wheel of her Jaguar to drive herself home from church just days after Prince Philip announced his retirement News AIR WE GO Heartwarming moment Ryanair staff ask passenger to play tune on his accordion on packed flight News FIGHT TO SUE IRA 'KILLER' Fatcat legal aid boss urged to 'give aid' to families of Hyde Park Bombing victims News Exclusive SUPERSTAR 'RAPE' PROBE Ex-beauty queen quizzed by cops over 'rape' by British pop legend accused of 'attacking 14-year-old' News Comment THE SUN SAYS Bumbling Labour's laughably-useless leadership masks genuine contempt for Britain’s way of life News The fake district Lake District tourists targeted in theft scam by fake plain-clothes cops who ‘pretend to carry out checks’ News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Home About Contact Contribute Subscribe Login Account StrategyPageThe News as History Toggle navigation News How To Make War Wars Around the World StrategyTalk Austin Bay's On Point Dirty Little Secrets Features Al Nofi's CIC War Games Military Jokes Photos Other Today in Mil-History Discussion Boards Jokes + Humor Videos Military Book Reviews Military Movie Reviews Resources Account Login Feedback About Advertise with Us ﻿ News Categories Ground Combat Infantry Armor Artillery Support Paramilitary Reserves Air Combat Warplanes Air Weapons Air Defense Naval Operations Surface ForcesSubmarinesNaval AirMarines Special Operations Counter-TerrorismSpecial OperationsInformation WarfarePeacekeeping Human Factors MoraleLeadershipIntelligenceMurphy's LawWinningPeace Time Special Weapons Electronic WeaponsSpaceNBC WeaponsStrategic Weapons Warfare by Numbers LogisticsAttritionProcurement Logistics Sea TransportationAir Transportation Tools ForcesWeapons Books of Interest Dog Company: A True Story of American Soldiers Abandoned by Their High Command A Rage for Order: The Middle East in Turmoil, from Tahrir Square to ISIS Phenomena: The Secret History of the U.S. Government's Investigations into Extrasensory Perception and Psychokinesis The Bad-Ass Librarians of Timbuktu: And Their Race to Save the World's Most Precious Manuscripts From Amazon Next:MURPHY'S LAW: Cheap And Effective Not Welcome Here Electronic Weapons: MQ-25A And The China Threat Archives Latest Most Read PHOTO: XP-59A Airacomet ELECTRONIC WEAPONS: MQ-25A And The China Threat PHOTO: SeaRAM BOOK REVIEW: August 1914: France, the Great War, and a Month That Changed the World Forever MURPHY'S LAW: Cheap And Effective Not Welcome Here PHOTO: Lightning Strikes Estonia CONGO: Desperately Seeking Solutions And Failing NAVAL AIR: No Mercy For Insufficiently Patriotic Sailors PHOTO: Fighter Conveyor Electronic Weapons: MQ-25A And The China Threat Murphy's Law: Cheap And Effective Not Welcome Here Naval Air: No Mercy For Insufficiently Patriotic Sailors WARS Korea: There Is A Plan Warplanes: Gripen Wins Another One Procurement: China Passes Russia On The Inside WARS Congo: Desperately Seeking Solutions And Failing Murphy's Law: Top Gun Mutates For F-35 Air Defense: The Truth Will Keep You Alive Over North Korea WARS Sudan: Getting Worse Before Getting Better Peacekeeping: Grandson Of Afrika Korps Melts Armor: ISIL Improvises WARS Iran: Enemies Within And Without Electronic Weapons: Canberra The Phoenix Procurement: Follow The North Korean Money Naval Air: Small Becomes Better And More Affordable ﻿ May 7, 2017: The U.S. Navy has not yet selected the design of its new carrier based UAV (the MQ-25A) but it is already testing new software developed so carrier capable UAVs can be communicated with using the same software used for manned carrier aircraft. Called UMCS (Unmanned Carrier Aviation Mission Control System) this uses existing software modified to communicate with UAVs on the carrier deck as well as the air. The navy has already tested UAVs equipped with software for landing and taking off from a carrier as well as refueling other naval aircraft in flight. There is a growing library of combat tested UAV software for just about every aspect of aircraft operation. But operating from a carrier has always been the most difficult environment to work in. While the navy has not selected the design of the new carrier UAV it did decide, in July 2016 that its first carrier-based unmanned combat aircraft would be called the MQ-25A Stingray and it would enter service in the early 2020s. This UCAS (unmanned combat air system) decision comes after a decade of design, development and test flights. The UAV that made the MQ-25A possible rolled out as the X-47B in 2008. This was the first carrier-based combat UAV, with a wingspan of 20 meters (62 feet, and the outer 25 percent folds up to save space on the carrier) and could stay in the air for up to twelve hours. The 20 ton X-47B weighs a little less than the 24 ton F-18A and has two internal bays holding two tons of smart bombs and missiles. It is a stealthy aircraft. As built the X-47B could be used for a lot of bombing missions, sort of a super-Reaper. The navy has been impressed with the U.S. Air Force success with the Predator and Reaper. But the propeller driven Reaper weighs only 4.7 tons. The much larger X-47B uses a F100-PW-220 engine, which is currently used in the F-16 and F-15 and is built to operate more like a manned jet warplane. Development moved ahead pretty quickly with the X-47B, which made its first catapult launch from an aircraft carrier on May 14th 2013 (and landed at a shore based facility). That was followed by several touch and go landings on a carrier. The first carrier landing, as expected, followed soon after. This was not a surprise because in 2011 the navy successfully tested its UCAV landing software using a manned F-18 that landed on a carrier completely under software control. This version of the software has been further expanded into a system that makes it a lot easier (and safer) for manned aircraft to land on carriers. Meanwhile by the end of 2013 more flight tests further stressed the capabilities of the X-47B automatic landing system, especially in high speed and complex (different directions) winds. The autolanding software passed all these tests. The X-47B was also the first UAV to land and be off the carrier deck in less than 90 seconds, just like manned aircraft. There were a lot of other tests to see how effectively and reliably the X-47B could operate on the carrier and hanger deck and do it alongside manned aircraft. An X-47B carried out the first fully autonomous aerial refueling (with a manned with a KC-707 tanker) in April 2015. All this was part of a long-term navy plan to introduce an UCAS replacement for the F-35 (which is now replacing F-18s) in the 2030s. But if the UCAS progress continues to be swift and the costs low (compared to manned aircraft), the F-35 could find its production run reduced to make room for a cheaper and more capable UCAS. While software controlled landing systems have been around for decades, landing on a moving air field (an aircraft carrier) is considerably more complex than landing on a stationary airfield. Dealing with carrier landings required more powerful hardware and software aboard the aircraft. The navy expected some glitches and bugs but managed to rapidly match the reliability of commercial landing software within months rather than decades. The U.S. Army pioneered the use of automated landing (and take off) software for its larger UAVs and eventually the air force adopted that approach as well which has been used very successfully on UAVs) Rather than begin development on the slightly larger X-47C, which was originally the first naval UCAV to enter service, the navy decided to conduct a competition to find the most effective design for the MQ-25A UCLASS (unmanned carrier-launched airborne surveillance and strike) aircraft. As expected the X-47B was successful enough to be the one of the competing prototypes for the MQ-25A. It was always believed that the X-47C would be closer to 30 tons and have a payload of over four tons. The X-47B was never mean to be the definitive carrier UCAV, but the navy hoped it would be good enough to show that unmanned aircraft could do the job. Normally, "X" class aircraft are just used as technology demonstrators. As successful as it was in February 2015 the navy stated that the X-47B was too costly and insufficiently stealthy to become its carrier UCAV, and the two X-47Bs will be turned into museum exhibits upon completion of all flight testing in late 2015. Meanwhile at least four firms (Boeing, X-47B builder Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin and General Atomics) are expected to submit MQ-25A design proposals by the end of 2016 and there will be competitive flight testing for two or more proposals and a decision of a winner by the end of the decade. The U.S. Navy has done the math and realized that they need UCASs on their carriers as soon as possible. The current plan is to get these aircraft into service by the 2020s. What drives this urgency is the realization that American carriers had to get within 800 kilometers of their target before launching bomber aircraft. Potential enemies increasingly have aircraft and missiles with a range greater than 800 kilometers. The MQ-25A UCAS has a range of at least 2,500 kilometers and is seen as the solution. But the MQ-25A can also refuel manned aircraft in the air and many carrier admirals see that as the solution to the range problem with manned warplanes. There is one serious competitor to an X-47B design and that is the jet powered Avenger UAV. This aircraft was developed by the same firm that created the Predator and Reaper. In 2012 the second prototype Sea Avenger made its first flight. This UAV is 14.2 meters (44 feet) long with a payload of 1.6 tons and 16 hours endurance. The U.S. Air Force is still planning to use Avenger for reconnaissance and strike missions. The navy was impressed and particularly interested in using Avenger to replace the soon-to-be-retired EA-6Bs in their most dangerous attack missions. The air force likes the ability to arm Avenger with a smart bomb, including the 900 kg (2,000 pound) GBU-34 penetrator version. Avenger also has two hard points on each wing, each one able to carry up over 200 kg (440 pounds). The U.S. Navy has been interested in Avenger since the beginning of development. Thus the Avenger wings were originally designed so they can be built to fold for use on carriers and have a tail hook needed for carrier landings. The Avenger, unlike the larger Global Hawk, can operate from carriers. The Avenger uses landing gear from the F-5, an aircraft of the same weight class. The naval version is now called the Sea Avenger. The navy, and several air forces, are also looking at the Avenger as an ELINT (electronic intelligence) aircraft. The ability to carry a ton of sensors and stay in the air for twenty hours per sortie has a lot of appeal for an aircraft that is already stealthy and doesn't carry a pilot. Moreover, the Avenger can perform ELINT missions entirely autonomously, making it more difficult to detect. The navy leadership is still divided on how fast to proceed with carrier UAVs, as can be seen as several changes already made to the MQ-25A design requirements. That will slow things down but the fear that China will get a carrier UAV into service first has proved to be a powerful motivator.   Make A Comment    Leave a Comment: 
      Cancel In Order Make a Comment You need to login. Incorrect Login Credentials Login Cancel Forgot Password? Create an account Previous Post Next Post MURPHY'S LAW: Cheap And Effective Not Welcome Here Article Archive Electronic Weapons: Current 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 ﻿ ﻿ Copyright © 2015 StrategyPage. All Rights Reserved. StrategyWorld.com 1998 - 2015 StrategyWorld.com. All rights Reserved. StrategyWorld.com, StrategyPage.com, FYEO, For Your Eyes Only and Al Nofi's CIC are all trademarks of StrategyWorld.com X Help Keep Us Online!   Help Keep Us Afloat! Go to other sites on the World Wide Web and they look like the a mad marketer has gained control of them. Lots of ads and little content! Ad revenues are down for everyone! We don’t want to follow the crowd. But here is the deal we cannot keep our site relative ad free without your support. Each month we need your subscriptions or contributions plus what meager ad revenue we do receive to stay in business. You can support us in the following ways: Make sure you spread the word about us. Two ways to do that are to like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. We’ll send the news to your email box, and you don’t have to come to the site unless you want to read columns or see photos. You can contribute to the health of StrategyPage. A contribution is not a donation that you can deduct at tax time, but a form of crowdfunding. We store none of your information when you contribute.. Drake appreciates any help you can give him. Subscribe   Contribute   Close
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 46° News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Law Enforcement Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Xtreme Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries View today's obituaries View all obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation KU Magazine Best of the Basin Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classifieds Local Legal Notices Oregon Legal Notices Website Advertising uReport XtremeOregon Even in tough times, state has to look ahead Pat Bushey Pat Bushey 23 hrs ago (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! It’s a mistake to damage the building blocks Oregon needs for a strong economy — yet it’s one of the possibilities the state faces. It’s in the way the Legislature decides how to fill the $1.6 billion hole in the next biennial budget. Legislators are trying to mend the financial mistakes of previous legislatures which ignored the long-term costs of the state’s pension system. Legislature after legislature kicked the problem down the road until it became too big. Now the problem calls for a real answer from the legislative class of 2017. × Advertisement Among those building blocks for Oregon’s future — perhaps even its keystone — is the state’s higher education system, seven universities that provide education necessary to participate in the modern economy. They also bring research dollars into the state and work with scientists and industry to find the “next big thing.” The universities serve as magnets for industrial development, which is one of the approaches targeted in Klamath Falls with Oregon Tech. Oregon Tech already generates $75 million and 700 jobs for the Klamath County economy and another $32 million annually and 300 jobs in the Portland metro area, according to figures furnished by the school. Local economic development officials are trying to expand it. At the top year after year Oregon Tech’s well-deserved reputation for excellence is demonstrated year after year as it chalks up the higher ed system’s highest “success” rate — 98 percent for the class of 2016, with an average annual starting of $57,000. Success is defined as being employed or in graduate school within six months of graduation. When it comes to return on investment for the state’s taxpayers, Oregon Tech is at the top. Legislators should keep that in mind as they struggle through the budget process which, this time around, is likely to be dominated by decisions on what gets cut. The state’s university system has felt the cuts many times. So have students through tuition increases. During the past 10 years, support from the state slipped during the recession, moving more of the cost to students. State support began a slow recovery in 2012-13 but still hasn’t gotten back to the 2007 level in state dollars per full-time equivalent student in inflation-adjusted dollars. We could go on and on about the need, which is valid; about the university system’s economic and cultural impact wherever it has a branch; about Oregon Tech’s special contributions not just to Klamath County and the Wilsonville area but to Oregon as a whole as it produces well-qualified graduates for such Oregon-linked companies as Boeing, Intel, Jeld-Wen, Sky Lakes Medical Center and Microsoft. Sports lottery fund at risk The university system’s presidents have asked for a 2017-19 budget of $765 million, compared to the present $667 million budget which is also Gov. Kate Brown’s recommended budget for the next years. Her budget also proposes to remove the $13 million the schools get through the sports lottery fund, which is the reason that some sports at the smaller schools, such Oregon Tech, can even exist. The University of Oregon and Oregon State University have other major sources of funds, such as TV revenue, but the other schools have to have those funds to keep all of their programs alive. Sports programs can also be an incentive to come to Oregon Tech for students who, in addition to being good scholars also want to keep playing a sport they love. Those students also attract others to the university, such family members and friends. An active sports program is definite plus. Whether that continues is going to be up to the Legislature. Engineering building possible In the way of capital improvements, the big legislative goal for Oregon Tech this year is funding for the $42 million Cornett Hall Renovation and Center for Excellence in Engineering and Technology. It would integrate various parts of the College of Engineering, serving 500 more students increasing classrooms and research capability and provide training that makes the route to graduation faster and students more prepared to work in sophisticated professional labs when they graduate. The building is the seventh-highest priority among higher-education capital construction projects which gives it a good chance of being approved. We don’t envy the legislators’ job, having to weigh one necessity against other as the $1.6 billion juggernaut comes rolling down the road. But in addition to simply surviving another biennium, they need to look to the future, and that’s where the higher education system, and Oregon Tech, should loom large. Tags State Education Finance Oregon Tech University Economics Legislator Student Legislature Job Higher Education Pat Bushey Follow Pat Bushey Close Get email notifications on Pat Bushey daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Pat Bushey posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Pat Bushey Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Trending Amtrak service through Klamath Falls remains halted Church evicting daycare after multiple lease violations Crater Lake to haul water for visitors Skrah court hearing paints aggressive sheriff 'Large scale' dealer busted near Triad School Newsletter Signup Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters: Aggie Sports Breaking News Daily Headlines and much more! Get your e-Newsletters Video Cinco de Mayo dancers visit the H&N 5-05-2017 May 5, 2017 Community youth dancers visited the Herald & News offices on Friday, May 5, 2017 in celebration of Cinco de Mayo. Citizens For Safe Schools' American Youth Character Awards 5-02-2017 May 5, 2017 Citizens For Safe Schools' American Youth Character Awards 5-02-2017 May 5, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, May 5, 2017 May 5, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, May 5, 2017 May 5, 2017 Dramatic Dashcam Footage Shows Plane Crash in Mukilteo Washington May 4, 2017 Dramatic Dashcam Footage Shows Plane Crash in Mukilteo Washington May 4, 2017 Dramatic Dashcam Footage Shows Plane Crash in Mukilteo Washington May 3, 2017 Dramatic Dashcam Footage Shows Plane Crash in Mukilteo Washington May 3, 2017 SMART awards banquet 4-24-2017 Apr 28, 2017 SMART awards banquet 4-24-2017 Apr 28, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, April 28, 2017 Apr 28, 2017 Klamath Countdown: Friday, April 28, 2017 Apr 28, 2017 MaxRead Businesses Klamath-Spine-Rehab Premier Care Dental EcoSolar and Electric Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Amtrak service through Klamath Falls remains halted Church evicting daycare after multiple lease violations Crater Lake to haul water for visitors Skrah court hearing paints aggressive sheriff 'Large scale' dealer busted near Triad School One lane of 140 now open following crash west of K Falls; 20-minute delays Klamath-owned airplane crashes short of Washington airport Law enforcement Tuesday Law enforcement Thursday Undaunted by doubt: Class builds eyeglasses for Chiloquin man with ALS Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey What should Oregon's state bird be? State Sen. Fred Girod, R-Stayton wants to change it from the meadowlark to the osprey. Thoughts? email us at news@heraldandnews.com You voted: Keep the Meadowlark Change to the Osprey This is for bird brains I don't give a hoot Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Monday 8 May 2017 Hi °C | Lo °C Change Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Agri-Business Prime 120ac Galway farm up for auction LacPatrick enjoys 25pc UK sales surge after Brexit vote 157ac grass and tillage farm hits the market with state-of-the-art finishing... Brexit data and rumblings from the States are giving me the economic... We're spending far less on food than we did 70 years ago Gang who hid fuel laundering plant under agricultural shed avoid jail ‘The longer you keep it bottled up the worse it’s going to get’ Sponsored by Dairy 'Not everyone has bank holidays off': Farmers need a break too says this dairy... Brexit on the border: 'Even routine things like moving silage from one farm to... 'It's going to be a long road' - Border farmer on Brexit 32 cows killed by lightening storm in the US Dairy farmers draw down majority of low interest loan fund How competitive are Irish dairy farms? How to achieve season-long worm control Sponsored by Beef We're a natural beef supplier to our neighbours - and must keep it that way Minister washes his hands of Brexit threat to boycott Irish beef Limousin tops calf sale in the Kingdom Beef farmer on managing a 250ac farm and its 280 pedigree Charolais... Efficiency is the key to making money in beef Final farewell to 'esteemed' mart chairman Passenger injured in car crash with Limousin heifer settles case Sheep Lamb trade: Bank holiday puts pressure on spring lamb prices Why creep grazing can lift lamb performance and cut weaning stresses Now is the time to start dosing for nematodirus Little change on spring lamb prices Up to 2,200 sheep to be sheared by world class champs in Roscommon Horrific find of butchered sheep carcases in woodland Simple steps to ensure your dog does not attack sheep this spring Sponsored by Tillage Local council votes to ban controversial weed killer We still have enough chemical weaponry to control septoria Controversial weedkiller could be authorised for a further 15 years... Timing is everything with fungicides Boortmalt and IFA strike two-year deal Drill fertiliser and seed combination the best option in low fertility soils Wheat will not be a viable crop by 2022 warn tillage experts Machinery Vintage virtuoso - restoring vintage farm machinery from a scrap yard Duplex drill doubles up for cereals and maize Making waves - Pottinger's new Wave Disc cultivation system Trim bid for world silage making record The silage contractor who uses a ferry when cutting silage for his customers... Up to 500 tractors to be inspected in safety campaign Debate rages after Gardai stop driver with 'overweight' trailer load of straw Rural Life All roads lead to Balmoral Small and often is the way to beat the stress of farming Don't take Lyme Disease lightly 'I never had a grand plan': Michael Healy Rae talks politics and farming Peerless Punchestown Thieves steal farmer's jeep after trip to top nightclub 'We've paid all our lives': Farmers overwhelmingly back water charges new poll shows Schemes MEPs vote to allow Member States to increase young farmers' top-up to... It's time to go 'green' on basic payments say farm leaders Ireland supports delay in implementation of new 'disadvantaged area' criteria Extra ANC funds should target upland regions say hill farmers Over 1,000 farmers face exclusion from 2016 GLAS scheme More trouble for farmers waiting up to over four months for GLAS payments Crackdown in the North on those benefiting from 'cheating' farm schemes EU Land ‘inequality’ increasing in EU New markets crucial for Ireland Hogan on mission to Canada to promote new trade deal Opinion: We're ahead on points but the Brexit joust has only just begun 97pc of respondents to CAP reform debate 'not involved in farming' Every effort should be made to avoid border controls - House of Lords... Opinion: The 'phoney war' is over and the tough talking can finally begin in Brussels Forestry & Enviro Coillte's latest scheme offers an additional 20 years of forestry payments Comment: Greenway trails can help reboot the countryside Gorse fires blaze with extreme fire risk warning in place How a snail is blocking works on a water treatment plant in Sligo Getting young trees off to a good start Analysis: Sustainable farming is a lot more complex than just slashing livestock... Man faces jail and €500,000 fine after losing appeal for 'illegal' turf cutting 'My babies': the expert at restoring vintage farm machinery from a scrap yard George Farrar with some of the vintage tractors he has restored to their former glory Claire McCormack May 7 2017 6:00 AM 0 Comments 'My babies': the expert at restoring vintage farm machinery from a scrap yard FarmIreland.ie He calls them his "babies". http://www.independent.ie/business/farming/machinery/my-babies-the-expert-at-restoring-vintage-farm-machinery-from-a-scrap-yard-35670453.html http://www.independent.ie/business/farming/article35670452.ece/a3a6f/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-05-02_bus_30727586_I1.JPG Email He calls them his "babies". Leaping up onto his classy, bright red, David Brown 25D tractor, vintage expert George Farrar says "money couldn't buy this happiness". The 70-year-old machine - the same age as its sprightly owner - was originally bought by George's father, Samuel, in 1963. It was the first diesel tractor the Farrar family, from Abbeyshrule, Co Longford, had for threshing crops on small tillage and grazing farms in the area. Although it was bought for economical reasons at the time, rapid advances in machinery soon eclipsed the classic tractor which was left to brace the outdoor elements for decades. But, after months of careful restoration, George brought his father's tractor back to life and now describes it as "a family treasure". "Vintage machines all have their own special stories and I love learning their unique histories. "They were reliable machines and they are standing the test of time in ways that modern machinery will never achieve," said George, known countrywide for his exceptional skills at restoring time-honoured farm machinery. Debate rages after Gardai stop driver with 'overweight' trailer load of straw  Garda Traffic Corps from Cork North Division stopped this vehicle in Mallow, Co. Cork yesterday and kicked off a massive debate online about the legality of the drivers actions. Today, he says a new market for old vintage mowers is emerging nationwide - particularly finger bar mowers that have a certain knack for topping crops under fences. As the grandson of two blacksmiths, George says his fascination with machinery was ignited at an early age. "I was reared on tractors and mowers so it's in my blood. I always loved tractors, Fordson, Allis-Chalmers, Bamford, David Brown, machinery was always around our house. I couldn't wait to get out of school to get driving tractors," he said. At 14, George, the only person in Ireland that restores haybobs, started out honing his skills at his uncle's engineering works in Rathowen. "It was about 10 mile away, I cycled over and back for £3 a week. I was repairing machinery, making gates, any farm repairs," he said. After learning the ropes from his late uncle John, George landed a job as a welder at Providers Steel Fabrication in Longford at just 17. "I started working on bigger machines, ploughs, mowers and hay making machinery. We were busy all the time," he said. But, after a few short years, the talented and innovative craftsman, decided he wanted to be his own boss. In 1969, George and his brother, also named John, set up Farrar Brothers Body Builders at home in Abbeyshrule - near the birthplace of renowned novelist, playwright and poet Oliver Goldsmith. "We started building tipping trailers and body trucks for transporting cattle. We had people coming from all over the country, we had a cattle body in every county at one stage. It was big business," he said. However, his love for bringing vintage machines back to life was never far from his mind. He started officially collecting in 1984, when he bought a Fordson tractor. The father of three wasn't alone in his hobby. Farmers all over the Midlands were getting enthusiastic about vintage and so, George, and a few like-minded friends established Lakeland Vintage Club in 1984, which still holds annual shows in the region to this day, "Our shows put Abbeyshrule on the map. People came from all over the country. There was a great buzz about vintage. "I was going all around the country buying them and doing them up, I was even importing them from England," he said. "Back in the '80s fellas would come into our workshop at night to restore tractors, we had great craic. We all shared our experience with one another, each machine had its own history, there was a great social side to it," said George who is also known for his ploughmanship having competed in the All-Ireland competitions at the National Ploughing Championships for almost a decade. He also developed a keen interest in vintage planes having worked part-time as a flight instructor at Abbeyshrule Aerodome airport for 30 years. He trained many pilots who went on to captain Boeing Aer Lingus jets. Country music star Mick Foster was also one of his exemplary students. Economic crash As the economic crash started to grip the rural area located between the River Inny and the Royal Canal, George and his brother decided to close their body building venture in 2007. He says the vintage market took an immediate hit. However, he refused to give up. Looking out the window of his Scandinavian style cabin, in the heart of the village George beams with pride as he points to his colourful collection. "I've eight tractors and three mowers done up and 10 that I'm working on. Two tractors are both 70 year old and come from Ballymahon. They were within 200 yards of each other all their lives. "I have a Fordson from Galway, built in 1949 and a McCormick Deering from the 1930s that we rescued from under briars and nettles last year," he said. More than 50 years after learning how to repair old mowers, George, who has passed his trademark skills onto his nephew Clement, has noticed a surprising market revival. "We sold 16 finger bar mowers last year. Farmers are using them for topping under electric fences where the ordinary topper won't work. "Others are buying to expand their collection and see them in action," he said. George says vintage machines are invaluable to families. "There is a lot of sentimental value especially if a machine has been in a family for generations. Families must have the foresight to recognise that. For me, having my father's tractor means part of him is still here." For Stories Like This and More Download the FarmIreland App Indo Farming Follow @farm_ireland Search Go FarmIreland.ie More in Machinery Duplex drill doubles up for cereals and maize Making waves - Pottinger's new Wave Disc cultivation system Trim bid for world silage making record The silage contractor who uses a ferry when cutting silage for his customers... Up to 500 tractors to be inspected in safety campaign Why surgeons across the world are calling for stricter rules on quads 10 steps to save your live on a quad (besides wearing a helmet) Top Stories Beef farmer on managing a 250ac farm and its 280 pedigree Charolais... WATCH: Farmers set a new world record for silage harvesting Coillte scheme pluses come with some costs Prime 120ac Galway farm up for auction Co-op's 'keep it British' publicity stunt hasn't got any real meat Land ‘inequality’ increasing in EU All roads lead to Balmoral By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy Agri-Business Diary Beef Sheep Tillage Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Machinery Rural Life Schemes EU Forestry & Enviro Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Search Go
Monday 8 May 2017 Hi °C | Lo °C Change Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Agri-Business Prime 120ac Galway farm up for auction LacPatrick enjoys 25pc UK sales surge after Brexit vote 157ac grass and tillage farm hits the market with state-of-the-art finishing... Brexit data and rumblings from the States are giving me the economic... We're spending far less on food than we did 70 years ago Gang who hid fuel laundering plant under agricultural shed avoid jail ‘The longer you keep it bottled up the worse it’s going to get’ Sponsored by Dairy 'Not everyone has bank holidays off': Farmers need a break too says this dairy... Brexit on the border: 'Even routine things like moving silage from one farm to... 'It's going to be a long road' - Border farmer on Brexit 32 cows killed by lightening storm in the US Dairy farmers draw down majority of low interest loan fund How competitive are Irish dairy farms? How to achieve season-long worm control Sponsored by Beef We're a natural beef supplier to our neighbours - and must keep it that way Minister washes his hands of Brexit threat to boycott Irish beef Limousin tops calf sale in the Kingdom Beef farmer on managing a 250ac farm and its 280 pedigree Charolais... Efficiency is the key to making money in beef Final farewell to 'esteemed' mart chairman Passenger injured in car crash with Limousin heifer settles case Sheep Lamb trade: Bank holiday puts pressure on spring lamb prices Why creep grazing can lift lamb performance and cut weaning stresses Now is the time to start dosing for nematodirus Little change on spring lamb prices Up to 2,200 sheep to be sheared by world class champs in Roscommon Horrific find of butchered sheep carcases in woodland Simple steps to ensure your dog does not attack sheep this spring Sponsored by Tillage Local council votes to ban controversial weed killer We still have enough chemical weaponry to control septoria Controversial weedkiller could be authorised for a further 15 years... Timing is everything with fungicides Boortmalt and IFA strike two-year deal Drill fertiliser and seed combination the best option in low fertility soils Wheat will not be a viable crop by 2022 warn tillage experts Machinery Vintage virtuoso - restoring vintage farm machinery from a scrap yard Duplex drill doubles up for cereals and maize Making waves - Pottinger's new Wave Disc cultivation system Trim bid for world silage making record The silage contractor who uses a ferry when cutting silage for his customers... Up to 500 tractors to be inspected in safety campaign Debate rages after Gardai stop driver with 'overweight' trailer load of straw Rural Life All roads lead to Balmoral Small and often is the way to beat the stress of farming Don't take Lyme Disease lightly 'I never had a grand plan': Michael Healy Rae talks politics and farming Peerless Punchestown Thieves steal farmer's jeep after trip to top nightclub 'We've paid all our lives': Farmers overwhelmingly back water charges new poll shows Schemes MEPs vote to allow Member States to increase young farmers' top-up to... It's time to go 'green' on basic payments say farm leaders Ireland supports delay in implementation of new 'disadvantaged area' criteria Extra ANC funds should target upland regions say hill farmers Over 1,000 farmers face exclusion from 2016 GLAS scheme More trouble for farmers waiting up to over four months for GLAS payments Crackdown in the North on those benefiting from 'cheating' farm schemes EU Land ‘inequality’ increasing in EU New markets crucial for Ireland Hogan on mission to Canada to promote new trade deal Opinion: We're ahead on points but the Brexit joust has only just begun 97pc of respondents to CAP reform debate 'not involved in farming' Every effort should be made to avoid border controls - House of Lords... Opinion: The 'phoney war' is over and the tough talking can finally begin in Brussels Forestry & Enviro Coillte's latest scheme offers an additional 20 years of forestry payments Comment: Greenway trails can help reboot the countryside Gorse fires blaze with extreme fire risk warning in place How a snail is blocking works on a water treatment plant in Sligo Getting young trees off to a good start Analysis: Sustainable farming is a lot more complex than just slashing livestock... Man faces jail and €500,000 fine after losing appeal for 'illegal' turf cutting 'My babies': the expert at restoring vintage farm machinery from a scrap yard George Farrar with some of the vintage tractors he has restored to their former glory Claire McCormack May 7 2017 6:00 AM 0 Comments 'My babies': the expert at restoring vintage farm machinery from a scrap yard FarmIreland.ie He calls them his "babies". http://www.independent.ie/business/farming/machinery/my-babies-the-expert-at-restoring-vintage-farm-machinery-from-a-scrap-yard-35670453.html http://www.independent.ie/business/farming/article35670452.ece/a3a6f/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-05-02_bus_30727586_I1.JPG Email He calls them his "babies". Leaping up onto his classy, bright red, David Brown 25D tractor, vintage expert George Farrar says "money couldn't buy this happiness". The 70-year-old machine - the same age as its sprightly owner - was originally bought by George's father, Samuel, in 1963. It was the first diesel tractor the Farrar family, from Abbeyshrule, Co Longford, had for threshing crops on small tillage and grazing farms in the area. Although it was bought for economical reasons at the time, rapid advances in machinery soon eclipsed the classic tractor which was left to brace the outdoor elements for decades. But, after months of careful restoration, George brought his father's tractor back to life and now describes it as "a family treasure". "Vintage machines all have their own special stories and I love learning their unique histories. "They were reliable machines and they are standing the test of time in ways that modern machinery will never achieve," said George, known countrywide for his exceptional skills at restoring time-honoured farm machinery. Debate rages after Gardai stop driver with 'overweight' trailer load of straw  Garda Traffic Corps from Cork North Division stopped this vehicle in Mallow, Co. Cork yesterday and kicked off a massive debate online about the legality of the drivers actions. Today, he says a new market for old vintage mowers is emerging nationwide - particularly finger bar mowers that have a certain knack for topping crops under fences. As the grandson of two blacksmiths, George says his fascination with machinery was ignited at an early age. "I was reared on tractors and mowers so it's in my blood. I always loved tractors, Fordson, Allis-Chalmers, Bamford, David Brown, machinery was always around our house. I couldn't wait to get out of school to get driving tractors," he said. At 14, George, the only person in Ireland that restores haybobs, started out honing his skills at his uncle's engineering works in Rathowen. "It was about 10 mile away, I cycled over and back for £3 a week. I was repairing machinery, making gates, any farm repairs," he said. After learning the ropes from his late uncle John, George landed a job as a welder at Providers Steel Fabrication in Longford at just 17. "I started working on bigger machines, ploughs, mowers and hay making machinery. We were busy all the time," he said. But, after a few short years, the talented and innovative craftsman, decided he wanted to be his own boss. In 1969, George and his brother, also named John, set up Farrar Brothers Body Builders at home in Abbeyshrule - near the birthplace of renowned novelist, playwright and poet Oliver Goldsmith. "We started building tipping trailers and body trucks for transporting cattle. We had people coming from all over the country, we had a cattle body in every county at one stage. It was big business," he said. However, his love for bringing vintage machines back to life was never far from his mind. He started officially collecting in 1984, when he bought a Fordson tractor. The father of three wasn't alone in his hobby. Farmers all over the Midlands were getting enthusiastic about vintage and so, George, and a few like-minded friends established Lakeland Vintage Club in 1984, which still holds annual shows in the region to this day, "Our shows put Abbeyshrule on the map. People came from all over the country. There was a great buzz about vintage. "I was going all around the country buying them and doing them up, I was even importing them from England," he said. "Back in the '80s fellas would come into our workshop at night to restore tractors, we had great craic. We all shared our experience with one another, each machine had its own history, there was a great social side to it," said George who is also known for his ploughmanship having competed in the All-Ireland competitions at the National Ploughing Championships for almost a decade. He also developed a keen interest in vintage planes having worked part-time as a flight instructor at Abbeyshrule Aerodome airport for 30 years. He trained many pilots who went on to captain Boeing Aer Lingus jets. Country music star Mick Foster was also one of his exemplary students. Economic crash As the economic crash started to grip the rural area located between the River Inny and the Royal Canal, George and his brother decided to close their body building venture in 2007. He says the vintage market took an immediate hit. However, he refused to give up. Looking out the window of his Scandinavian style cabin, in the heart of the village George beams with pride as he points to his colourful collection. "I've eight tractors and three mowers done up and 10 that I'm working on. Two tractors are both 70 year old and come from Ballymahon. They were within 200 yards of each other all their lives. "I have a Fordson from Galway, built in 1949 and a McCormick Deering from the 1930s that we rescued from under briars and nettles last year," he said. More than 50 years after learning how to repair old mowers, George, who has passed his trademark skills onto his nephew Clement, has noticed a surprising market revival. "We sold 16 finger bar mowers last year. Farmers are using them for topping under electric fences where the ordinary topper won't work. "Others are buying to expand their collection and see them in action," he said. George says vintage machines are invaluable to families. "There is a lot of sentimental value especially if a machine has been in a family for generations. Families must have the foresight to recognise that. For me, having my father's tractor means part of him is still here." For Stories Like This and More Download the FarmIreland App Indo Farming Follow @farm_ireland Search Go FarmIreland.ie More in Machinery Duplex drill doubles up for cereals and maize Making waves - Pottinger's new Wave Disc cultivation system Trim bid for world silage making record The silage contractor who uses a ferry when cutting silage for his customers... Up to 500 tractors to be inspected in safety campaign Why surgeons across the world are calling for stricter rules on quads 10 steps to save your live on a quad (besides wearing a helmet) Top Stories Beef farmer on managing a 250ac farm and its 280 pedigree Charolais... WATCH: Farmers set a new world record for silage harvesting Coillte scheme pluses come with some costs Prime 120ac Galway farm up for auction Co-op's 'keep it British' publicity stunt hasn't got any real meat Land ‘inequality’ increasing in EU All roads lead to Balmoral By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy Agri-Business Diary Beef Sheep Tillage Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Machinery Rural Life Schemes EU Forestry & Enviro Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Search Go
News Science NASA Langley helping to get new Deep Space Gateway off the ground Pat Troutman an Space Architect at NASA Langley Pat TroutmaN, A Space Architect at NASA Langley, is helping to manage the Deep Space Gateway project. This is a spaceport NASA plans to build in lunar orbit, using the Orion and SLS launches over the next few years to construct it. The Gateway would be used as a waystation for deep-space missions, to Mars and beyond. Pat TroutmaN, A Space Architect at NASA Langley, is helping to manage the Deep Space Gateway project. This is a spaceport NASA plans to build in lunar orbit, using the Orion and SLS launches over the next few years to construct it. The Gateway would be used as a waystation for deep-space missions, to Mars and beyond. Tamara DietrichContact Reportertdietrich@dailypress.com NASA Langley helps managed Deep Space Gateway to help stage missions to moon, Mars and beyond The journey to Mars, the moon and other celestial destinations might soon have a deep-space port of call. In a few short years, NASA plans to have a Deep Space Gateway — a sort of small, orbiting pit stop — for astronauts to visit before they venture off on longer-duration missions. "A gas station without the tanks, basically," said Patrick Troutman, space architect at NASA Langley Research Center in Hampton. "It allows the crew to freshen up. It allows them to fix their vehicle. It allows them to go into the snack shop and get provisions and Coke and stuff. Fuel up." Troutman is oversimplifying, of course. But that's the gist. And NASA Langley is helping to get the gateway off the ground by reaching out to major commercial contractors in the space industry, evaluating their ideas for what the gateway should look like and how it should be built, then advising headquarters on the best path forward. When America's first astronauts arrived at newly renamed NASA Langley Research Center on April 27, 1959, they knew they were going to make history in outer space. But not until May did the center's scientists and engineers detail the training that would teach the Project Mercury pioneers how to do it. Go here to see the accompanying post. -- Mark St. John Erickson "So Langley's playing a pretty big role in this," said Troutman, who's part of NASA's NextSTEP program to extend humanity's reach into space. "We're not building it, we're not procuring it, but we're providing the common sense and the smarts that will make better decisions and a better system from a commercial investment perspective. "We used to call it the Deep Space Port, because it's where we're assembling our ships to go to Mars. But it's also a gateway to the solar system." William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for Human Exploration and Operations at NASA headquarters in Washington, D.C., says it can be used in a variety of ways in different orbits to enable a range of missions. NASA Centennial Tribute tells STEM story through the arts Jonathan Black NASA Langley's centennial celebrations continue May 18 with a night of music and dance at the Ferguson Center. Free tickets for the NASA Langley Centennial Tribute are available Monday at 10 a.m. and officials expect them run out fast, according to Ann Marie Trotta, government affairs specialist... NASA Langley's centennial celebrations continue May 18 with a night of music and dance at the Ferguson Center. Free tickets for the NASA Langley Centennial Tribute are available Monday at 10 a.m. and officials expect them run out fast, according to Ann Marie Trotta, government affairs specialist... (Jonathan Black) "The gateway could move to support robotic or partner missions to the surface of the moon," Gerstenmaier says. "Or to a high lunar orbit to support missions departing from the gateway to other destinations in the solar system." Once operational, and once NASA's Space Launch System booster and Orion crew capsules are making annual launches, NASA says the gateway should become "a hub of activity." The gateway won't be nearly as big as the International Space Station, because it won't have crews living there for long periods of time and its purpose is entirely different. As planned, NASA says the gateway will have a small habitat, a power bus, docking capability, an airlock and solar electric propulsion. It will be built using existing technologies, which should help accelerate construction and control costs, and will be assembled in orbit by Orion crews. "We're not creating anything new," said Troutman. "It's going to be very off-the-shelf-type stuff." Because the gateway can be relocated in space, NASA can position it to overcome the competing forces of the Earth/moon gravity well, which means easier and more fuel-efficient launch points into deeper space. "That's an important thing," Troutman said. "The Earth is at the bottom of the gravity well, and it takes a lot to haul yourself from the Earth to Earth orbit. And it takes even more to haul yourself out to the very edge of the Earth/moon gravity system." In addition, within that cislunar space between the Earth and moon are libration points, or sweet spots where their vying gravities balance out. Those areas offer real advantages for science and exploration efforts. Libration point 1, or L1, for example, lies between the Earth and moon, far above synchronous orbit, and affords great views of both spheres. L2, on the other hand, is on the very far side of the moon. Because L2 is shielded from radio interference from Earth, Troutman said the gateway positioned there could conduct superior deep-space radio astronomy. That same libration point would also allow for better staging of vehicles to the moon or Mars. "That's what the gateway is for — it's to allow us to extend our reach and extend it in a flexible manner to cislunar space so that we can go on to the next stepping stone beyond that," Troutman said. The way it would work as a stepping stone is roughly this: Say a crew is heading to the Martian system. An Orion would launch from Earth on an SLS and taxi to the gateway. There, a reusable Deep Space Transport vehicle would be docked and freshly fueled, provisioned and refurbished. The Orion crew would transfer to the transport vehicle and head out on the 1,000-day trip. In a few years, when the crew returns from Mars, the transport vehicle would stop at the gateway to be refueled, refurbished and provisioned again for its next mission. And the returning crew would transfer to an Orion for the short trip home. The gateway could host a crew for 30 days, which could more than double the 21-day mission time of an Orion. While at the gateway, astronauts could run robots on the moon, aggregate lunar vehicles or refuel and configure a Mars transport vehicle. NASA is funding several commercial space companies to come up with gateway concepts — Bigelow Aerospace, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Sierra Nevada Corp. and Virginia-based Orbital ATK. The final product could look like any one of their concepts or a combination. According to NASA, the first piece of the gateway, the power bus, could be delivered to lunar orbit by the first Orion crew in either 2021 or 2023. Assembly could finish up in 2026, and the following year the Deep Space Transport could arrive, followed by another Orion crew to inspect the systems. NASA's plan for now is to send a four-person Orion crew to a transport vehicle in 2029 for a yearlong shakedown mission, followed in 2033 by a two-year crewed mission to the Martian system. The Deep Space Gateway is a pivot, of sorts, for Troutman and Langley, which had been heavily involved in NASA's Asteroid Redirect Mission to land on an asteroid, retrieve a boulder and place it in lunar orbit for study. That ARM program was designed to test out new technologies for a Mars mission, and also learn more about asteroids to better protect Earth from strikes in future. But Trump has proposed zeroing out funding for the ARM program. "It was very disappointing for all of us here who worked on that program," Troutman said. "But we have to look at it this way: What the ARM did, we're still using big ideas from that, and technology that was to be involved in that, in Mars. The ARM is what gave us the stimulus to think about this reusable Mars architecture. When we started looking in detail about the trajectories to try to go out to an asteroid, grab a piece and bring it back — wow, this is very similar to the type of things you could do for a Mars mission." Space priorities can change from one president to the next. George W. Bush, for instance, wanted to return to the moon, then Barack Obama came along and scrapped the moon idea and turned instead to an asteroid and Mars missions. Donald Trump nixed the asteroid mission, but, so far, seems to like Mars. NASA believes the Deep Space Gateway is resilient enough to withstand such mission whiplash. "We chose this gateway concept because it allows us to go to any destination without having to change our plans," Troutman said. "So that's the genius of it. Depending on where we're going and what we're going to do, we can reposition the gateway to the right place. "We know that (if) we establish a foothold in cislunar space, we can go to the moon, Mars or even asteroids. It works for all of them. It even works for Venus. "We're not backtracking on anything that we've done in the past five or six years, no matter what the president says — unless he says don't send humans at all. But, given the president's recent remarks, he seems to be very much a person who wants to extend humanity's reach into the solar system. So we'll have to see what happens here. It could be a very interesting summer." Dietrich can be reached by phone at 757-247-7892. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Space Exploration Space NASA Architecture Orion Space Mission Donald Trump Lockheed Martin Corp. HR Science Videos Students write hundreds of letters to NASA's 'hidden figure' Katherine Johnson Mini Maker Faire shows off Peninsula's tinkerers Pat Troutman Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 45°
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighters Are Getting and Closer to Russia's Doorstep Dave Majumdar May 7, 2017 TweetShareShare Operational Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighters belonging to the U.S. Air Force deployed to Europe for the first time in late April. According to the Air Force, eight of the stealthy single-engine strike fighters deployed to RAF Lakenheath in England as part of the deployment from the 419th Fighter Wing at Hill Air Force Base in Utah. The purpose of the deployment is not only to introduce European NATO allies to the new aircraft and its capabilities, but also to help deter Russia in the East. “The sovereignty of the skies over NATO nations is paramount,” Gen. Tod Wolters, USAFE-AFAFRICA commander, said on April 19. “This training signifies natural progression of the F-35 program. It allows us the opportunity to demonstrate and obtain the confidence in operational and interoperability characteristics of the system.” While the deployment is primarily centered around RAF Lakenheath, which will eventually become the first U.S. Air Force base in Europe to permanently host the new jets in the 2020s, the F-35s deployed all over the continent to show the flag. Perhaps the two most prominent deployments were to Bulgaria and Estonia. As pair of F-35As flew to Estonia on April 25 accompanied by 20 personnel. The small Baltic nation is at the frontline of the current standoff with Russia. Indeed, deployment to Estonia is a particularly potent signal to Moscow. Estonia is a former constituent republic of the Soviet Union itself and its border is less than 100 miles from Saint Petersburg—Russia’s second largest city. Meanwhile, a pair of F-35s also deployed to Bulgaria—a former Warsaw Pact member that is now part of the NATO alliance. However, while the deployment to Estonia was right on Russia’s doorstep, the Bulgarian deployment is further away. Moreover, the U.S. Air Force routinely conducts many larger-scale exercises in that nation in the form of Thracian Eagle, Thracian Summer and Thracian Star among others. Nonetheless, the F-35As’ visit to Bulgaria was a milestone of sorts. “We are grateful to our Bulgarian friends for their support in making today possible," Lt. Gen. Richard Clark, 3rd Air Force commander. "Your cooperation helps prepare the F-35 for its invaluable contribution to our alliance. We look forward to many more years of our shared commitment and partnership." The F-35 seems to be performing adequately on deployment to Europe. One of the benefits of deploying to Lakenheath is that it affords the Air Force an opportunity to get a preview of potential problems that might need to be addressed before the first permanently based F-35s arrive. In the meantime, the local Boeing F-15C Eagle and F-15E Strike Eagle units have the opportunity to learn how to integrate better with the new jet. “We fight best when we fight together,” Lt. Col. Scott Taylor, a F-15C pilot and the 493rd Fighter Squadron director of operations, said. “We’ve had a lot of synergy in our training. When we come back and talk after missions, we can have that face-to-face interaction and review our tactics. That’s just going to improve the way we fight with the F-35A and has made this an outstanding deployment.” Eventually, the F-35 will form the backbone of American air power in Europe. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsEurope More stories by: Dave Majumdar Will the South China Sea Become the New Crimea? Xi Jinping has successfully avoided maritime overreach—but that might be about to change. Nicholas Lyall Tillerson Defines 'America First' Secretary Tillerson’s recent address to State Department employees was honest and direct. It establishes the basis for a policy that can both protect and advance U.S. national interests as well as assert American values. Paul J. Saunders The Anti-Russia Inquisition Intensifies Resurgent anti-Russia hysteria has broader, ominous implications for U.S. foreign policy and the health of political discourse in the United States.  Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
