× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 69° Few Clouds Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 74F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms likely. Low around 65F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. 1 to 2 inches of rain expected. Updated: May 21, 2017 @ 2:09 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 4 Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test sled at the Rockwell Collins Engineering Development lab simulates the effects of crashes on test dummies. Rockwell Collins designs, engineers and tests airline seating at its Oak Plaza campus off Hanes Mill Road in Winston-Salem. Buy Now Photos by David Rolfe/Journal Rockwell Collins engineers design and test aircraft seating at the company’s Engineering Development Lab at the Oak Plaza campus. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test dummy is strapped into an aircraft seating module on a crash sled, awaiting a test at the Engineering Development lab for Rockwell Collins in Winston-Salem. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal The Rockwell Collins Seating Products building is in the former B/E Aerospace headquarters at Oak Plaza. B/E Aerospace deal brings depth, aircraft fullness to Rockwell Collins By Richard Craver Winston-Salem Journal rcraver 5 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test sled at the Rockwell Collins Engineering Development lab simulates the effects of crashes on test dummies. Rockwell Collins designs, engineers and tests airline seating at its Oak Plaza campus off Hanes Mill Road in Winston-Salem. Buy Now Photos by David Rolfe/Journal Rockwell Collins engineers design and test aircraft seating at the company’s Engineering Development Lab at the Oak Plaza campus. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal A crash test dummy is strapped into an aircraft seating module on a crash sled, awaiting a test at the Engineering Development lab for Rockwell Collins in Winston-Salem. Buy Now David Rolfe/Journal The Rockwell Collins Seating Products building is in the former B/E Aerospace headquarters at Oak Plaza. Rockwell Collins envisioned — at its essence — its $8.6 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc. as connecting the flight deck to the rest of the airplane in terms of becoming a full-package aviation supplier. Rockwell, based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, is a global leader in flight avionics, cabin electronics, mission communications, simulation and training, and information management systems for commercial, business and military customers. B/E, by contrast, made its mark in fundamental interior operations such as seating, lavatories and galleys. Rockwell hosted its annual media day presentation Wednesday at the legacy B/E interior-aircraft and engineering operations in Winston-Salem. Officials provided hands-on examples of the new link, and gushed over the technology and market share the company has gained since the deal closed April 13. On display were B/E’s seating, food and beverage preparation and storage equipment, lighting and oxygen systems, and modular galley and lavatory systems for commercial airliners and business jets. Rockwell also symbolically opened the door to B/E, which had maintained a limited local profile even as it doubled its workforce in the past nine years to nearly 1,600 — Forsyth County’s 11th largest employer overall and its fifth largest private employer. Rockwell’s local engineering unit, at more than 350 workers, is among the largest such engineering groups in the airline industry. “We can do things better together than we could separately, making connections with customers to give them a full-service option that they didn’t have before, whether interiors for heritage Rockwell customers, or avionics and flight desk for heritage B/E,” said Kelly Ortberg, chairman, chief executive and president of the combined company. “Rockwell Collins is very strong on the front end of the airplane and digital evolution, while B/E brings us closer to the passenger and helps us buffer the cyclical revenue nature of our business.” For example, the company announced separately Wednesday it had made the first customer delivery of a Boeing 737 MAX. Boeing already has more than 3,700 orders. The airplane not only features Rockwell’s 15.1-inch landscape flight displays and flight controls as standard, but also legacy B/E galley and lavatory complex, interior lighting and passenger oxygen systems. “We’ve continued to build upon the trust that Boeing and airlines have placed on Rockwell Collins with each new aircraft that enters the market,” said Werner Lieberherr, the former top local B/E executive and now chief operating officer for Interior Systems for Rockwell. Ortberg highlighted B/E’s reputation for customizing and marketing differentiating interior cabin products as it faces the challenges and opportunities of simultaneously serving more than 20 of the largest domestic and international airline carriers. With the Boeing 737 MAX, Rockwell now offers legacy B/E options on passenger seating, food and beverage preparation, portable oxygen devices and crew masks. In other products, offering a differentiating product could be a color scheme or a trim. Attention to detail Ortberg said Rockwell has been impressed by how the legacy B/E facilities operate in terms of producing quality products while squeezing time, expenses and inefficiency from the process. That attention to detail has enabled legacy B/E to build a production backlog worth more than $9 billion. For example, every weekday begins at 7 a.m. Two hours later, operational managers meet to discuss work progress and potential red flags, even on projects months from the floor. The typical seat design goes through close to 200,000 engineering hours before being turned loose for testing, said Alex Pozzi, head of the local engineer operations. At that point, the seat may go through more than 100,000 test cycles, while more than 1,000 flammability tests are common for some seating fabrics to measure heat release, toxicity and the vertical height of flames. “We want to be on top of all issues right away, because if you’re not aware of them, you can’t resolve them,” said Tom Plant, an operations manager in Rockwell’s engineering and testing facility at its Oak Plaza facility. Lieberherr said operations are focused obsessively on striking the right balance between providing passenger comfort in terms of seating, sleeping arrangements and electronics, and making the best use of every inch “of some of the most expensive real estate there is.” Lieberherr showed a design display in which 7 inches of space could be gained from curving the mid-level wall of the rear lavatory to accommodate more back space in the seat against the lavatory. “That 7 inches allows for a resetting of the seat pitches up the aisle so that between four to six more seats can be gained,” Lieberherr said. ‘That’s an importance difference for a low-cost airline or one that focuses on economy seating.” On the opposite side of the socioeconomic seating spectrum, the company’s Westpoint and Oak Plaza facilities have developed the next generation of luxury pod seating for Qatar Airways known as the Qsuite. Lieberherr declined to provide how much each pod costs. The pod can serve two to four passengers, providing a double bed for sleeping on long flights and connectivity for electronics. Plant said it took three years to get Qsuite to the production stage, “which is the most complex design process the industry has seen to date.” Staying flexible Another key element for legacy B/E operations is that production workers are cross-trained on seating lines, enabling them to respond to bursts on production demand, including quickly opening a new line for a proprietary line. That’s by design, said Janice Warren, general manager of the Westpoint main and premium seating facilities. “We are often changing our line layouts at least once a month to be as flexible as possible with customer demand,” she said. Lieberherr said the facilities’ flexibility and efficiency have limited the need for automation, “therefore preserving local production jobs rather than looking for ways to reduce them.” The production and assembly facilities even feature an unusual warning system for when issues crop up. For instance, the theme music for Darth Vader from Star Wars pipes up when one type of problem arises, while the music from an ice cream truck comes up for another, oftentimes signaling an all-hands-on-deck scenario. Ortberg said that the companies’ combined annual revenue projects to exceed $8 billion. In most instances, legacy Rockwell avionics products are meant to last the lifetime of the airplane or helicopter. Meanwhile, the average legacy B/E commercial airline customer would have its aircraft retrofitted between one and three times during its lifespan. Rockwell and B/E also have been early adopters of using virtual and augmented reality technology to lower the cost of prototype products and make viewing them more accessible to customers. Augmented reality is defined as technology that superimposes a computer-generated image on a user’s view of the real world, thus providing a composite view. “It helps us to show customers how our products can be customized and differentiate in the marketplace, and how it will fit in their cabins,” Pozzi said. “It provides us with additional brainstorming opportunities through mocking up with foam and cardboard rather than prototypes. Both aspects give us a tool that gives us a marketplace advantage,” he said. Working in harmony Ortberg said Rockwell has committed to servicing its new debt loads and integrating B/E before making another major purchase, although some “bolt-on” small deals — those valued at $50 million and below — are doable. “We don’t have gaps that can keep us from being successful, but there are areas where we can better harmonize our interior, avionics and defense portfolios,” Ortberg said. Ortberg said Winston-Salem altogether represents about 5 percent to 6 percent of its overall operations, rivaling legacy Rockwell’s operations in Melbourne, Fla. “We believe the purchase is good for B/E and its Winston-Salem operations because it is now part of a broader aviation portfolio that provides more workload and employment stability in such a cyclical industry. “Winston-Salem will continue to operate as it is and become an important factor in Rockwell Collins’ future.” Lieberherr said the acquisition “sets us on an exciting path that will greatly benefit our customers, employees and share owners.” “There will be career opportunities for local workers beyond what B/E could have provided.” rcraver@wsjournal.com 336-727-7376 @rcraverWSJ Uploaded Pdfs 20170521w_biz_rockwell19p4 May 18, 2017 (…) Tags Rockwell Collins B/e Aerospace Werner Lieberhurr Kelly Ortberg Winston-salem Commerce Economics Work B/e Beverage Oxygen System Equipment Customer rcraver Follow rcraver Close Get email notifications on rcraver daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever rcraver posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow rcraver Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Inmate suffers injuries after she reportedly jumps from sheriff's vehicle on Business 40 Police search for 22-year-old missing from Winston-Salem Man seriously hurt in hit-and-run on Hanes Mall outer loop Sheetz to open two new stores in Winston-Salem this year Police identify pedestrian seriously injured after being struck by a vehicle on Peters Creek Parkway Snakebite victims trickling into local hospitals, but Forsyth escapes uptick seen elsewhere in NC Medical examiner rules WSSU student took her own life WATCH: King man's video catches multiple sharks near shoreline; Marine scientist: It's not uncommon Winston-Salem man dies after delivery truck crashes through bridge guardrail and onto highway Winston-Salem lawyer gets probation for failing to pay taxes More Special Sections Special Sections Celebrating Nurses Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
ï»¿ White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Military ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military Menu                        Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Industry Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Military Further Reading Canada Warns it May Cancel $2 Billion Super Hornet Buy Over Boeing Probe Sputnik News In-Depth Coverage 00:52 20.05.2017(updated 00:55 20.05.2017) Ottawa may cancel its planned purchase of 18 Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornet fighters over an investigation against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, initiated by its US rival, Boeing. Canada may cancel the purchase of the Super Hornet fighters, which were to update Ottawa's aging fleet of CF-18 Hornets, over allegations raised by Boeing. According to the US company, Bombardier receives subsidies from the Canadian government that allow it to sell CSeries passenger planes below the market price. "The US market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement during a hearing into Boeing's claim in Washington. The decision to initiate a probe was met with opposition in the Canadian government. On Thursday, Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said the allegations are unhelpful to ongoing trade negotiations. "The aerospace industries of Canada and the United States are highly integrated and support good, middle class jobs on both sides of the border," Freeland said. "We strongly disagree with the US Department of Commerce's decision," she added, saying that Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the C Series aircraft, from entering the US market." But Freeland did not stop there. She added that Ottawa is now "reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," a statement that was later supported by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, according to CTV News. According to various military experts, Freeland was most likely talking about the 18 Super Hornets purchase, a deal that could be worth up to $2 billion. "Our government will defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers," Freeland's statement read. According to CBC, aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government's move was inevitable, and it's up to Boeing to consider the next step. "If Boeing is smart it'll press the do-over button and walk away," he said in an interview, adding that the military contracts the aeronautics giant risks losing are worth much more than any modest gains it could make from a successful trade complaint. © Sputnik NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World Trudeau Has No Plan To Replace Aging CF-18 Fighters, Critics Say David Krayden Contributor 2:30 PM 05/20/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After suggesting that his Liberal government would be procuring 18 Super Hornet Jets as an “interim” solution to replacing the aging CF-18 jets that are at the end of their life expectancy, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau now says the deal with Boeing might be off, the National Post reports. But Conservative defense critic James Bezan questioned Trudeau’s motives on Friday. He told reporters, “if the government is so blatantly willing to throw away the contract, it says to me that there is no capability gap, that they imagined it right from the start .… The government is looking for a way to get out of that commitment.” The F-18 fighters flown by the Royal Canadian Air Force first entered service in 1982 and were purchased under the watch of the current prime minister’s father, Pierre Trudeau. Canada committed itself to buying the F-35 joint strike fighter in the 1990s because it is the same aircraft that its principal NATO allies — the U.S. and Great Britain — also plan to fly as their mainstay air force and naval fighter. Trudeau is opposed to buying the F-35 but hasn’t categorically ruled out acquiring the aircraft in an open competition. The last federal budget chose to postpone all major military equipment acquisition projects well into the future. In the meantime, he has talked about buying the Super Hornet in smaller quantities than envisioned for the F-35 replacement. But that plan may have evaporated as the Canadian government inserted itself into a trade war between aerospace colossus Boeing and the Montreal-based and chronically-subsidized Bombardier aircraft company. Boeing recently charged Bombardier with dumping some of its commercial planes on the U.S. market. The U.S. commerce department and the international trade commission agreed with Boeing. In retaliation, Trudeau suggested the deal with Boeing may be cancelled — even if it was never officially initiated. That provided an opportunity for Lockheed Martin, the company that produces the F-35, to suggest that it could provide an “interim” solution to Canada’s fighter needs. Cindy Tessier, a Lockheed Martin spokeswoman, told the National Post on Friday that her company “would  openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions.” But she insisted “it would be inappropriate for Lockheed Martin to comment directly on a matter between the Government of Canada and another company.” Even though Boeing describes its relationship with Canada as “deep” and suggests its battle “is focused on the Bombardier company, not the country at large,” that doesn’t begin to assess the relationship that successive Canadian governments have had with Bombardier. Despite its chronic financial difficulties, the aircraft company has become a symbol of Canadian aviation excellence over the decades and has received billions of dollars of interest-free loans and grants to stay solvent. Trudeau publicly supported Bombardier again on Friday but had nothing to say about any Plan B on replacing the air force’s jets. Boeing spokesman Dan Curran is well aware of the government largesse that Bombardier enjoys, suggesting in a statement that “substantial government subsidies have enabled Bombardier’s predatory pricing” in the American marketplace. Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Christia Freeland countered that accusation Friday in Parliament by saying that Bombardier is supplied by U.S.-based companies that provide “high-paying jobs in many U.S. states.” Follow David on Twitter     Tags: Chystia Freeland, F-18 Super Hornet, James Bezan, Justin Trudeau, The Boeing Company Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Uber starts charging what it thinks you're willing to pay Business Standard Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal: Source Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale David Ljunggren & Alwyn Scott | Reuters  |  Ottawa/Seattle  May 20, 2017 Last Updated at 21:51 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlOem Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. Photo:Reuter ALSO READ Justin Trudeau shuffles cabinet, Freeland named top Canada diplomat Top Trump aide plans talks in Canada with Trudeau team: source Canada's Trudeau opens talks with Trump aiming to boost trade Justin Trudeau and the case of the 'Star Wars' socks Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.   That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market.   Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low.   “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.”   Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier.   “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller.   One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down.   A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.”   He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes.   Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said.   The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims.   “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source.   Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia.  Read More On Boeing | Canada Fighter Jet Deal | Super Hornet Jets | Bombardier Inc | Justin Trudeau | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal: Source Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.   That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market.   Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low.   “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.”   Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier.   “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller.   One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down.   A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.”   He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes.   Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said.   The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims.   “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source.   Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia.  David Ljunggren & Alwyn Scott | Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal: Source Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.   That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market.   Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low.   “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.”   Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier.   “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller.   One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down.   A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.”   He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes.   Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said.   The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims.   “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source.   Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia.  David Ljunggren & Alwyn Scott | Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Next Big Boeing-Airbus Battle Comes Into Focus Boeing and Airbus seem to have very different notions of what a "middle-of-the-market" jet should look like. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) May 20, 2017 at 11:35AM For the past quarter-century, Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) have competed viciously in all of the biggest segments of the jet market. The Airbus A320 family squares off against Boeing's 737 family (and previously, its 757 family) in the market for single-aisle jets that mainly fly short-haul routes. Meanwhile, Boeing's 767, 777, and 787 widebody families have faced Airbus' A330 and A350 families (and in prior years, the A300 and A310) in the market for jets with intercontinental range. Their next big battle looks like it will cover a market segment that barely even exists today. Boeing and Airbus are looking to bridge the gap between single-aisle jets and widebodies in order to capture the "middle of the market." So far, they seem to have very different ideas of how to attack this new "MoM" segment. Airbus is starting with an advantage In recent years, the middle of Boeing's product lineup has been a big weak spot. Its largest single-aisle jet (the 737 MAX 9) and smallest widebodies (the 767-300ER and 787-8) have fallen out of favor -- or never became popular in the first place. Meanwhile, Airbus' A321 and A321neo have become extremely popular with airlines. Airbus' A321 has become increasingly dominant in its market segment. Image source: Delta Air Lines. In recent years, Airbus has moved to extend this advantage by offering a longer-range variant of the A321, known as the A321LR. The A321LR, which will be available starting in 2019, is expected to have enough range to fly from the Northeast to many of the major cities in Western Europe. Boeing plans to introduce a slightly larger single-aisle model (tentatively called the 737 MAX 10X) next month, in an attempt to compete more effectively with the A321neo. But the A321LR is still virtually unopposed for airlines that want to operate transatlantic flights without stepping up to a full-blown widebody. (The 737 MAX 8 can only fly the shortest transatlantic routes.) Boeing mulls a new plane; how will Airbus respond? While Boeing hasn't committed to anything yet, it seems increasingly likely that it will launch a new "797" MoM aircraft in the next year or two. The 797 would be a twin-aisle plane but would have a smaller cargo hold than a typical widebody, thus reducing weight and boosting fuel efficiency. Two different versions would seat 220-260 passengers in a standard multi-class configuration and have a stated range of up to 5,000 nautical miles. (Effective range is typically lower in reality.) Unfortunately for Boeing, it could easily cost $15 billion to develop the 797 family. Meanwhile, airlines are demanding low acquisition costs, making the business case shaky. By contrast, Airbus' most likely plan for the MoM segment is to stretch the A321LR to boost its passenger capacity and equip it with a new wing to give it more range. This "A322" would be relatively cheap to design and build, allowing Airbus to undercut Boeing on price by a wide margin. It would probably be almost as large as the smaller 797 variant, but might be limited to 4,500 nautical miles of stated range. These concepts will appeal to different airlines One of the most interesting aspects of this looming middle-of-the-market battle is that Boeing and Airbus are approaching it in very different ways. Boeing is leaning toward an all-new twin-aisle design; Airbus is thinking about a single-aisle derivative. As a result, the 797 and A322 could end up appealing to different groups of airlines. The 797 is likely to be significantly more popular among legacy carriers. Indeed, executives from both Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) and United Continental (NYSE:UAL) have spoken favorably about the concept, despite initial hesitations. One potentially large advantage for the 797 is extra range. Carriers like Delta and United are perfectly happy with their current options for domestic routes. They want a plane that can replace 767s -- and, to a lesser extent, 757s -- on as many international routes as possible, while potentially making new routes viable by reducing trip costs. Delta and United are looking for a plane to replace their aging 767s. Image source: Delta Air Lines. The difference between 4,500 nautical miles of stated range and 5,000 nautical miles of stated range is significant in terms of the number of routes that would be feasible. (This factor could also convince some low-cost carriers to opt for the 797.) A second major advantage for the 797 -- from a legacy carrier perspective -- is that it would probably offer a much better customer experience. In recent years, offering flat-bed seats with direct aisle access has become an absolute must for international business class. Delta Air Lines has met this standard for its entire international widebody fleet since 2014. United Continental is on the way there. However, it's hard to offer direct aisle access for every business class seat on a single-aisle plane (at least without wasting a lot of space). That's a big point in favor of a twin-aisle design like the 797. Economy class passengers would benefit, too. A twin-aisle 797 would have more window and aisle seats, and the cabin would have a roomier feel than a hypothetical A322. On the other hand, Boeing will never be able to match Airbus on pricing for a 797 vs. A322 battle. Additionally, Airbus would be able to offer commonality with its hugely popular A320 aircraft family. This would make the A322 a sure winner with low-cost carriers, especially as many of them already fly A320-family planes. Legacy carriers also might adopt the A322 for 3,000-4,000 mile routes with light demand and fewer business travelers. Boeing and Airbus seem to have quite different ideas of what a MoM plane should look like. It will be interesting to see whether either of these concepts becomes a clear winner with airlines, or if Boeing and Airbus fight to a draw in the middle-of-the-market segment. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing and Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info May 20, 2017 at 11:35AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.76 up $3.36 (1.89%) United Continental Holdings NYSE:UAL $77.98 up $2.00 (2.63%) Delta Air Lines NYSE:DAL $48.20 up $0.54 (1.13%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $20.61 up $0.27 (1.33%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Did Singapore Airlines Just Kill the Airbus A380 Jumbo Jet? Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets Boeing Training Jet Rivals Are Dropping Like Flies Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Next Big Boeing-Airbus Battle Comes Into Focus @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $UAL, $DAL, $EADSY
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES SAUDI ARABIA May 21, 2017 | Last updated 6 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 9Events innext 7 days   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News UAE25 Courts3 Crime2 Education1 Emergencies3 Environment Government8 Health5 Culture2 Property Leisure1 Media2 Society7 Tourism Transport2 Weather More12 General top stories in UAE Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roads Home safety products in the UAE Parents share their home safety tips and tricks Gulf15 Bahrain Kuwait1 Oman2 Qatar Saudi Arabia11 Yemen1 top stories in Gulf Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Riyadh plans to wean economy off oil Saudis, US in record $380b deals Mena7 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran2 Iraq1 Jordan Lebanon Libya1 Mauritania Morocco Palestine Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria2 Tunisia1 Turkey top stories in Mena Shots fired in air to disperse Tunis protesters Syrian rebels leave their last stronghold Homs Turkey steps up training of Syrian rebel forces Europe4 UK1 Germany2 France1 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia Other top stories in Europe Merkel rival vows to fight poll like Macron Germany, Ukraine aim to get back to Minsk deal French defence minister to push EU cooperation Africa2 South Africa Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa Mission unaccomplished: Uganda halts Kony hunt Ivorian economic ‘miracle’ risks becoming mirage Another kidnapped Chibok girl escapes in Nigeria Asia22 Afghanistan3 Australia3 India8 Pakistan3 Philippines Sri Lanka Bangladesh1 China1 Japan North Korea2 South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia Propulsion problems put warships out of action Hopes high India, Pakistan mend fences in Astana India to act if triple talaq stays unchanged Americas11 USA9 Canada Mexico1 Brazil1 Argentina Other top stories in Americas Brazil crisis heads into weekend of protests Disturbance on flight brings FBI, fighter jets Times Square attack spurs sidewalk barrier push Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Saudi Arabia to make $6b deal for Lockheed combat ships Total deals worth $110b have been negotiated between the two countries Published: 16:24 May 20, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: The US has reached a $6 billion deal for Saudi Arabia to buy four Littoral combat ships made by Lockheed Martin Corp. in a package of major arms purchases as President Donald Trump visited the kingdom, people familiar with the transaction said. The US and the Saudi Ministry of Defence “designed and negotiated a package totalling approximate $110 billion,” Vice Admiral Joe Rixey, head of the Pentagon’s Defence Security Cooperation Agency, said on Friday on a conference call with analysts, according to a White House transcript. “When completed, it will be the largest single arms deal in American history.” While the package includes deals that were begun under President Barack Obama’s administration — and initial steps toward others that may take years to complete — the final letter of agreement on the Littoral combat ships is the highest-profile element. It includes a better-armed version of the ships, support equipment, munitions and electronic-warfare systems, according to the sources, who asked not to be identified. Boeing deal The US and Saudis will also sign a letter of agreement for about $500 million in what could become a $3.5 billion deal for as many as 48 CH-47 Chinook helicopters and related equipment built by Boeing Co. That sale was approved by the State Department and Congress in December, said an official. Separately, the State Department notified congressional foreign affairs committees on Friday that it was ready to approve export licences — pending a 30-day review by lawmakers — for the direct commercial sale by Boeing of 3,000 tail kits to convert unguided munitions into GPS-guided bombs. The sales come as the Trump administration is promising to improve relations with the Saudis that were strained under Obama. For its part, Saudi Arabia has pledged to buy billions of dollars of US military equipment in the next decade and invest about $40 billion from its sovereign wealth fund in American companies. The Littoral ships, designed for shallow coastal waters, are part of a package of agreements on weapons sales that already had been approved in late 2015 by the State Department, which oversees the Foreign Military Sales programme. Congress also approved the sale, but it wasn’t completed under Obama. From 2009 to 2016, the Obama administration approved $115 billion in potential sales to the Saudis. Lockheed rose 2.1 per cent to $272.79 (Dh1,002.46) on Friday and is up 9.1 per cent so far this year. Boeing rose 3.4 per cent. Saudi Embassy spokesman Nail Al Jubeir didn’t return an email and phone call seeking comment. Lockheed spokesman John Torrisi said in an email that “Foreign Military Sales are government-to-government decisions, and the status of any potential discussions can be best addressed by the US Government.” M1A2 tanks The defence announcements will also include a letter of agreement completing a sale approved in August 2016 for about 115 M1A2 tanks made by General Dynamics Corp., as well as munitions, and heavy equipment recovery systems, according to two of the people. A formal agreement is expected for Lockheed to sell more Pac-3 Patriot hit-to-kill missiles, which already have been approved by Congress. In addition, announcements are expected on intentions to proceed with a number of other deals. They include a nearly $18 billion programme to upgrade Saudi Arabia’s military command-and-control structure and the sale of about 60 UH-60 helicopters from Lockheed for about $5 billion, according to one of the people. Also anticipated is an announcement of the Saudi intention to buy Lockheed’s Thaad anti-missile system, which intercepts incoming missiles at higher altitudes than the Patriot. Thaad already has been sold to the United Arab Emirates, the first international customer, and its deployment by the US to South Korea has created tension with China. Managed by US The contracts for all the transactions in the package will be managed by the US government with the companies, which is standard under Foreign Military Sales contracts. “I have seen most of the same details, and they make sense,” John Cappello, a senior fellow for Middle East issues and missile defence issues, with the Foundation for Defence of Democracies, said of the planned deals in an email. “Missile defence is a Saudi priority, and we have been trying to get them to improve capability, especially naval capability, for some time,” he said. The modified Littoral combat ships, known as “Multi-Mission Surface Combatant Ships” would be the first international sale of the vessel, which includes munitions such as Raytheon Co.’s Evolved Sea Sparrow air defence missile. The Saudi-bound ships from Lockheed are better-armed — and thus more expensive — versions of the Littoral combat ship, which has drawn withering criticism from some lawmakers and Pentagon testing officials in recent years over its reliability and its capacity to survive in combat. Until recently, the Saudis were prepared to sign a letter of agreement for two vessels, but that’s been increased to four, said a US official. The Saudi government will also announce its intention to buy four additional vessels later, one of the persons said. Lockheed says on its website that the modified version includes over-the-horizon missiles, remotely fired 20mm guns, the capability to fire Sea Sparrow anti-aircraft missiles and a new torpedo defence system. Parts of the package may draw congressional criticism. A resolution to block the tank sale was introduced in September by several US senators, including Republican Rand Paul of Kentucky and Democrat Chris Murphy of Connecticut. They cited allegations that Saudi aircraft were killing civilians in Yemen with US-supplied munitions in attacks on Iranian-backed Houthi rebels. That resolution was defeated in September 2016 on a 71-27 vote. Acknowledging that concern about “Saudi Arabia’s track record in Yemen,” Mike Miller, the State Department’s director of regional security and arms transfers, said on the conference call that “this package includes a large training case for the Saudi Royal Air Force, which includes training on the Law of Armed Conflict, as well as on methods to minimise the risk of civilian casualties.” The Saudi Minister of Defence submitted an agreement with the State Department within the last week agreeing to abide by the rules of armed conflict in using the weapons, an official said. The State Department also notified lawmakers on Friday that it planned to approve an export license to Raytheon for the sale of 16,000 laser-guided Paveway bombs. The bombs and the Boeing tail kits aren’t expected to be part of Saturday’s announcement, the official said. More from Saudi Arabia Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Riyadh plans to wean economy off oil Saudis, US in record $380b deals GE signs $15b of Saudi deals, MoUs Saudi Arabia to open militant-monitoring centre Saudi Arabia in $6b deal for combat ships Saudi forces take down Al Houthi missile Father, son sit for same exam in same classroom tags from this storyYemen follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsGulfSaudi Arabia tagsYemen follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In Saudi ArabiaTrump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Follow us Most Popular Viewed CommentedVideosPictures 01Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh 02Trump to give speech on Islam in Saudi Arabia 03Salman: Trump visit to boost global security Play Watch: Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair on the economy May 18, 2017 Play Family day at Dubai fertility treatment centre May 15, 2017 Play Think Science displays projects by UAE students Apr 20, 2017 Play Chronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Apr 09, 2017 11Images Doors open to a three-day super sale May 18, 2017 10Images Mohammad Bin Zayed at the White House May 16, 2017 10Images Pics: North Korea’s latest missile launch May 16, 2017 8Images Malaysia seizes 330 exotic tortoises May 16, 2017 Saudi Arabia: Weather today today-weatherJeddahRiyadhDammam weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Country In Focus Saudi Arabia Capital:Riyadh Population:29.37 million (WB, 2014) Languages:Arabic (official) Head of State:King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud Follow Saudi Arabia on My Gulf News+mgn Most Popular on Gulf News Man says viral video defamed his mum Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roads Triple talaq to marry brother-in-law Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Kerala woman chops off man's genitals Dubai story behind Aishwarya’s dress Dh33m bonus for Dubai taxi plate owners 10 new schools to open in Dubai Ramadan 2017: All you need to know Close Recommended For You UAE rushes anti-cholera supplies to YemenPUBLISHED ON May 20, 2017 Saudi forces take down Al Houthi missilePUBLISHED ON May 20, 2017 Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roadsPUBLISHED ON May 21, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank of America Corp (BAC) Position Boosted by Ledyard National Bank Oakbrook Investments LLC Sells 12,270 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Raises Stake in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $63.852 Million Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Sold by Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Prospera Financial Services Inc Increases Position in Home Depot Inc (HD) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Increased by Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Hall Laurie J Trustee Decreases Position in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) ELM Advisors LLC Has $807,000 Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $305,000 Stake in Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Shares Bought by Tompkins Financial Corp Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Stake Boosted by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 200 Shares of Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Raises Position in Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC Has $1.174 Million Stake in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Ubisoft Entertain (UBSFY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set Expectations for Jack in the Box Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (JACK) Pioneer Natural Resources to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.67 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PXD) Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 715 Shares of Grupo Aeroportr dl Pcfco SAB de CV (PAC) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Sold by Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY cut its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 3.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 37,371 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 1,320 shares during the period. Boeing accounts for approximately 3.1% of Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY’s holdings in Boeing were worth $6,609,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Navellier & Associates Inc boosted its stake in Boeing by 3.6% in the first quarter. Navellier & Associates Inc now owns 3,028 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $536,000 after buying an additional 106 shares during the period. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. boosted its position in Boeing by 12.4% in the first quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. now owns 11,508 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,035,000 after buying an additional 1,272 shares during the last quarter. TRUE Private Wealth Advisors boosted its position in Boeing by 0.7% in the first quarter. TRUE Private Wealth Advisors now owns 10,026 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,793,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in Boeing by 17.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 54,827 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $9,695,000 after buying an additional 7,997 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cambridge Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Boeing by 2.0% in the first quarter. Cambridge Advisors Inc. now owns 2,515 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $445,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 180.76 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $180.75 and a 200 day moving average price of $166.99. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $187.21. The company has a market capitalization of $109.10 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.27 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $21.27 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.74 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s payout ratio is currently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/boeing-co-ba-shares-sold-by-roanoke-asset-management-corp-ny.html. Several research analysts have weighed in on BA shares. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $215.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. Vetr upgraded Boeing from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $199.85 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Morgan Stanley cut Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $170.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.08. In other news, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total value of $2,840,601.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 43,801 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,042,739.62. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total value of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,823,200.87. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Model-Based Systems Engineering Expert and Boeing Company Executive, Mark Williams, to Make a Keynote Presentation at CIMdata’s Upcoming Simulation Workshop Model-Based Systems Engineering Expert and Boeing Company Executive, Mark Williams, to Make a Keynote Presentation at CIMdata’s Upcoming Simulation Workshop Presentation will offer attendees insight to large-scale model-based systems engineering at The Boeing Company. Ann Arbor, MI, May 20, 2017 –(PR.com)– CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces that Mr. Mark Williams, a Lead Project Engineer for The Boeing Company’s Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) organization, will make a keynote presentation at CIMdata’s upcoming workshop at the UI LABS Innovation Center, home to DMDII, in Chicago, Illinois. The workshop will take place on June 6 and 7. In addition to Mr. Williams’ presentation, attendees will hear from: DMDII’s CTO, Brench Boden; renowned rapid product development expert, Dr. Andreas Vlahinos; Deere & Company’s Technology Architect, Roger Burkhart; and Procter & Gamble’s Director for Modeling and Simulation, Mark Mieli. The design and manufacturing improvements implemented by MBSE exposes a wealth of opportunities for improved collaboration between the OEMs and their suppliers. However, the ability to freely exchange MBSE data is dependent on mature standards that are implemented and enforced in the tools. Adopting data standards reveals additional benefits of long term archiving, design data reuse, and stability in downstream procurement and manufacturing systems. In his presentation, Mr. Williams will share some recent examples that show how the industry has made rapid improvements through a unified effort. This CIMdata workshop, is the must-attend event for industrial organizations and solution providers interested in learning more about Model-Based Definition & Collaboration and Simulation-Driven Systems Development. It will provide attendees with independent experiences from industrial companies and a collaborative networking environment where ideas, trends, experiences, and critical relationships germinate and take root. CIMdata’s thought-leadership team of Don Tolle, Dr. Keith Meintjes, Dr. Ken Versprille, Dr. Suna Polat, and Frank Popielas, will be on hand in Chicago to facilitate the workshop and associated discussions. For more information visit http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-workshops/joint-kc-workshop-2017 About Mark Williams Mark Williams is a Lead Project Engineer for Boeing’s MBSE organization. He is a student of the systems integration technologies, with a focus on data interoperability standards. Over the last 32 years Mark has worked as a systems design lead on multiple Boeing commercial and military programs. He has also been granted four US Patents representing a variety of integration and design verification inventions. About CIMdata CIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise’s ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies. CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata’s services, visit our website at www.CIMdata.com, follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/CIMdataPLMNews, or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA; Tel: +1 734.668.9922; Fax: +1 734.668.1957; or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands; Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Healthcare Services Market Research Reports, Competitive Analytics, Trends and Forecast 2017-2021 by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Next PostNext ProParagraph Corporate was released for FCPX by Pixel Film Studios Search Recent Posts New Program to Increase Opportunities for Women in the Solar Industry Launches in Washington D.C. Lyghtt Creates Home Full Moon “ROAD WORK AHEAD” TRAINING SYMPOSIUM PROPELS DBE FIRMS – The Virginia Department of Transportation promotes partnerships to create contract opportunities DJ Khaled surprises statistics graduation Social Forum Calls for Fight Against Corruption, to Defend the Amazon Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   CIMdata Press Release Receive press releases from CIMdata: By Email RSS Feeds: Model-Based Systems Engineering Expert and Boeing Company Executive, Mark Williams, to Make a Keynote Presentation at CIMdatas Upcoming Simulation Workshop Presentation will offer attendees insight to large-scale model-based systems engineering at The Boeing Company. Ann Arbor, MI, May 20, 2017 --(PR.com)-- CIMdata, Inc., the leading global PLM strategic management consulting and research firm, announces that Mr. Mark Williams, a Lead Project Engineer for The Boeing Company's Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) organization, will make a keynote presentation at CIMdata’s upcoming workshop at the UI LABS Innovation Center, home to DMDII, in Chicago, Illinois. The workshop will take place on June 6 and 7. In addition to Mr. Williams’ presentation, attendees will hear from: DMDII’s CTO, Brench Boden; renowned rapid product development expert, Dr. Andreas Vlahinos; Deere & Company’s Technology Architect, Roger Burkhart; and Procter & Gamble’s Director for Modeling and Simulation, Mark Mieli. The design and manufacturing improvements implemented by MBSE exposes a wealth of opportunities for improved collaboration between the OEMs and their suppliers. However, the ability to freely exchange MBSE data is dependent on mature standards that are implemented and enforced in the tools. Adopting data standards reveals additional benefits of long term archiving, design data reuse, and stability in downstream procurement and manufacturing systems. In his presentation, Mr. Williams will share some recent examples that show how the industry has made rapid improvements through a unified effort. This CIMdata workshop, is the must-attend event for industrial organizations and solution providers interested in learning more about Model-Based Definition & Collaboration and Simulation-Driven Systems Development. It will provide attendees with independent experiences from industrial companies and a collaborative networking environment where ideas, trends, experiences, and critical relationships germinate and take root. CIMdata’s thought-leadership team of Don Tolle, Dr. Keith Meintjes, Dr. Ken Versprille, Dr. Suna Polat, and Frank Popielas, will be on hand in Chicago to facilitate the workshop and associated discussions. For more information visit http://www.cimdata.com/en/education/knowledge-council-workshops/joint-kc-workshop-2017 About Mark Williams Mark Williams is a Lead Project Engineer for Boeing’s MBSE organization. He is a student of the systems integration technologies, with a focus on data interoperability standards. Over the last 32 years Mark has worked as a systems design lead on multiple Boeing commercial and military programs. He has also been granted four US Patents representing a variety of integration and design verification inventions. About CIMdata CIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise’s ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies. CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata’s services, visit our website at www.CIMdata.com, follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/CIMdataPLMNews, or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA; Tel: +1 734.668.9922; Fax: +1 734.668.1957; or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands; Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666. Contact Information CIMdata Cheryl Peck 734-668-9922 Contact www.cimdata.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from CIMdata Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Business Home LBoard Mukhriz: Pakatan’s choice for PM should be announced before GE14 FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal Reuters | May 20, 2017 Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. OTTAWA: Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Potential winners Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,'” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations.. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberals to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing’s defense unit is called Defense, Space & Security. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Najib mahu dunia tangani situasi tak bertamadun di Syria, Iraq Trump aims to mend Muslim ties on first foreign trip ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Was Mat Over trying to revive his career? KP SPRM: ‘Kenapa kami tak tangkap ahli politik… Don’t read those books, son! The smell of money Tangkapan SPRM bukti pendedahan saya benar, kata Pengerusi… JJPTR founder, aides to be remanded today Emotional PKR Congress backs Anwar for PM Ku Nan: Jinjang residents must move out immediately GLCs must focus on merit to stem brain-drain, says expert Malaysia can drop race-based policies but… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Prinsip PAS tak jelas, kerajaan Selangor di laluan sukar Siapa pemenang antara tampar dan TN50? The smell of money Don’t read those books, son! Was Mat Over trying to revive his career? We need to come to terms with May 13 More... FMT Bahasa SPRM tahan 3 anggota polis minta rasuah RM500 Umno nafi program Bantu Rakyat pancing undi PRU14 Anwar: Pendirian PAS ‘cerai’ PKR sudah lama diduga Perwakilan PKR, pemimpin Pakatan mahu Anwar PM ke-7 Ucapan emosi Wan Azizah, yakin Pakatan Harapan ulangi rekod PRU13 Remaja lemas ketika berkelah selepas program PAS More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Alert 5 Military Aviation News Search for: Boeing’s complaint on CSeries backfires, Canada threatens cancellation of Super Hornet order Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is upset over Boeing’s attempt to have the U.S. government investigate Bombardier’s sale of CSeries jetliners to Delta airline and has hinted that the Super Hornet deal might be canceled. By Alexandre Gouger (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0], via Wikimedia Commons Boeing had told lawmakers that Bombardier is dumping the airliners in the U.S. markets thanks to steep subsidies from the Canadian government. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland retaliated after the hearing by issuing a statement saying that the Canadian government was “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing.” Click here for the full story Related Posts (Automatically Generated) U.S. official says cancellation of CAPES will not affect Taiwan’s F-16A/B upgrade program Dutch F-35s may have nuclear role India to buy two 777-300ERs for VVIP duties Boeing offers 2009 price for Super Hornet to Brazil again Denmark willing to enforce Libya no-fly zone with 4 F-16s Taiwan to build indigenous UAV rather than buy Global Hawk This entry was posted on Saturday, May 20th, 2017 at 10:15 and is filed under Industry. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Subscribe: Entries | Comments Follow @alert5 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Categories Air Defense Air Force Airshow Army Boeing Heritage Industry KC-X Marines MMRCA MQ-X Navy PAK-FA Research Space UAV Uncategorized © 2017. Alert 5. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & SimpleX theme.
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 until 5 a.m. Monday. Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Boeing warns 279 union members of possible layoff Originally published May 19, 2017 at 6:27 pm Updated May 19, 2017 at 7:31 pm Boeing issued its latest round of 60-day layoff notices Friday, handing out 249 new notices to members of the Machinists union and 30 to members of the engineering union — but the number actually laid off in July may turn out to be considerably less. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing issued its latest round of 60-day layoff notices Friday, handing out 249 new notices to members of the Machinists union and 30 to members of the engineering union. The company declined to disclose the total number of layoff notices issued Friday, which would include nonunion employees. The number of people actually laid off on July 21 may be considerably less than these figures suggest, however. Boeing must give 60 days’ notice of a layoff by state law, but it may not follow through if enough employees leave due to normal attrition. In that case, some who received the layoff notices may find their jobs are saved. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driver Chris Cornell, leading voice for Soundgarden and Seattle grunge, dies in suicide Dying mother-in-law’s newfound warmth presents dilemma | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Friday marked 60 days since the International Association of Machinists got its first batch of 111 layoff notices on March 17, so it was the layoff date for that group of workers. But the number of Machinists actually laid off on Friday was less than 20, because during the past two months some employees have retired, left for other jobs or accepted voluntary buyouts. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said it’s hard to say now how many of the current batch will be forced out in July. The situation is different for each individual on the layoff list, depending on their seniority and their job classification. “The number actually laid off is usually less, sometimes slightly less, sometimes dramatically less,” Alder said. “Involuntary layoff is always the last option we look at.” A more reliable measure of job losses is Boeing’s monthly running tally of total head count in the state, which tracks the total jobs shed, whether voluntary or involuntary. Boeing has not updated that tally since the end of March. Through that date, the number of Boeing employees in the state was down just less than 2 percent for the year, with 1,241 jobs eliminated. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Canada says it may drop $2B Boeing fighter deal over CSeries subsidy dispute Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More F-35 jets waiting in wings as Liberals’ ‘interim’ Super Hornet purchase in limbo Marie-Danielle Smith  05.19.2017 A Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornet at the Farnborough Airshow in July 2016. The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II ShareAdjustCommentPrint OTTAWA — The federal government’s suggestion it may trash plans to buy “interim” fighter jets from aerospace giant Boeing Co. may open up a window for F-35 producer Lockheed Martin Corp. to swoop into. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission this week to launch an investigation into much-subsidized Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. for “dumping” commercial airplanes into the U.S. market — a dispute overshadowed by an impending renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s subsequent chastening and promise Thursday to review military procurement involving Boeing leaves in limbo Canada’s purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a deal expected to cost $5 billion to $7 billion. A spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin — which, meanwhile, is partnering with Bombardier on a U.S. Air Force procurement — reacted Friday, saying the company “would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions.” Still, said Cindy Tessier, “it would be inappropriate for Lockheed Martin to comment directly on a matter between the Government of Canada and another company.” A government official argued Friday that Freeland couldn’t take a business-as-usual approach with Boeing after its attack — especially because the same processes recently led to new tariffs being imposed on Canadian softwood lumber. An army of lawyers is working on avoiding the same outcome for Canadian aerospace. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau publicly lent his support to Bombardier Friday. But he avoided speculating on alternative options for interim jets. In a statement Friday, Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the company has a “deep relationship” with Canada and “our case is focused on the Bombardier company, not the country at large.” Curran said “substantial government subsidies have enabled Bombardier’s predatory pricing” in the U.S. In February, the federal government extended a $372.5 million interest-free loan to the company, and last year, for a 49.5-per-cent share, Quebec offered a US$1 billion investment in the CSeries jets with which Boeing takes issue.   A Bombardier statement, meanwhile, said the giant’s accusations are “unfounded” and noted Boeing has “never lost a sale” in competition with the specific planes being targeted. Freeland pointed out many of Bombardier’s suppliers are based in the U.S. and components directly support “high-paying jobs in many U.S. states.” Reuters reported Friday Boeing executives were concerned about the fighter jet deal getting swept up in the commercial plane dispute. Its defence unit was seeking meetings with Canadian officials to smooth the waters. In addition to Lockheed Martin, other potential winners include rival makers of jets Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts told Reuters. David Perry, senior analyst with the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said Canada’s posturing on a review or delay to the fighter jet purchase is hard to square with its insistence a capability gap urgently needs addressing. “It seems more like a negotiating ploy, potentially,” he said. Reacting to the Boeing statement, Conservative defence critic James Bezan told reporters, “if the government is so blatantly willing to throw away the contract, it says to me that there is no capability gap, that they imagined it right from the start .… The government is looking for a way to get out of that commitment.” Canada had announced the intention to explore the purchase of Boeing aircraft last November and defence minister Harjit Sajjan locked in that position in February, saying overtly: “we are buying new Super Hornets.” The government said it would launch an open competition for a full fleet before the next federal election. Years of indecision have delayed the replacement of the current aging fleet. Liberals backed away from a Harper government decision to purchase Lockheed Martin jets (though acknowledging the company’s right to bid in a competition) despite Canada’s continued participation in the Joint Strike Fighter program along with the U.S. Perry said he believes the “interim purchase first, competition later” approach will be more costly in the long run. But he noted Liberals have repeatedly doubled down on the plan, despite criticisms. “I don’t really see an inclination on the government’s part, so far, that they’re going to move away from that,” he said. Although it is early to predict what may come of this week’s aerospace dispute — a decision from the trade commission isn’t expected until June 12 — Liberals have potentially boxed themselves into a corner. If the government is serious about retaliating, should Boeing prove successful, and if it is also serious about buying fighter jets to fill an immediate capability gap, ahead of a competition, few easy options remain that wouldn’t break a Liberal election promise: “we will not buy the F-35.” • Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: amariedanielles Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share F-35 jets waiting in wings as Liberals’ ‘interim’ Super Hornet purchase in limbo Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia How Montreal aims to become a world centre of artificial intelligenceImpressive amounts of cash have been flowing into academia, public-private partnerships, research labs and startups active in AI. A family affair: St-Viateur Bagel celebrates 60 yearsBagels are the great equalizer. Everybody eats them, everybody loves them — and everybody is invited to the bagel factory's block party on Sunday. Police union leader slams lethal force review, accuses chief of bowing to 'political pressure'The inquiry into city police shooting incidents is ill-timed and shows a lack of confidence in the force, Calgary Police Association head Les Kaminski said Thursday. On Wednesday, Police Chief Roger Chaffin announced an independent inquiry headed by retired Court of Queen’s Bench Justice Neil Wittmann in the wake of 10 police-involved shootings in 2016, […] Columnists Ian Mulgrew: Surrey Mounties take liberties in banally 'boxing in' suspectFrom Hill Street Blues to Law & Order or Making of A Murderer, getting the suspect in the box is... Rob Shaw: Narrow window exists for John Horgan to become premierVICTORIA — B.C.’s razor-thin election results could change dramatically next week, as officials start... Vaughn Palmer: B.C. Liberals odds of deal with Greens fading fastVICTORIA — While the B.C. Liberals hope for the best from next week’s final count of the ballots from... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports View All Data Research Center Search & Hires RFPs Charts Insights Opinion White Papers Investing/Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center News News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports More News Topics Data Data Research Center Searches & Hires RFPs Infographics Charts Sponsored Research Insights Insights Opinion White Papers Investing / Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center INTERACTIVE Caisse defends dealings with Bombardier By Rick Baert · May 19, 2017 11:59 am · Updated 12:15 pm Popular Stories Puerto Rico strikes second restructuring deal with bondholders Donald Trump signs measure ending safe harbor for state-run private-sector plans Managers up cash, awaiting opportunities Shakeup at AllianceBernstein surprises many in the industry Upcoming P&I Conferences view more   Upcoming P&I Webinars view more   White Papers Building a Smart Beta Core U.S. Equity Allocation in Mid- and Small Caps Strengthening the core: Preparing DC menus for the next evolution From Infancy to Maturity: Emerging Market Local Debt Enters Its Prime Evaluating Multi-Asset Strategies Holistic DC view more   Advertisment About About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About P&I Content Solutions About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise & Media Kit Editorial Calendar Staff Directory Reprints & Permissions Customer Service Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help & User Feedback Contact Us Affiliates Affiliates InvestmentNews Crain’s New York Business Crain’s Chicago Business All Crain Brands Legal Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.   E-mail Newsletters
Breaking News Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger ties Exclusive: North Korea's Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT Decisively re-elected, Rouhani defies hardliners, pledges to open Iran U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits TPP countries keep trade deal alive without Trump's U.S. Brazil's leader lambastes bribe accusations made by meat titans Passenger jet collides with truck at Los Angeles airport, injuring eight With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover Royal sister-in-law Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded British wedding Sun 21 May 2017 - 24 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal Saturday 20th, May 2017 / 17:33 Written by Oman Observer in Business OTTAWA/SEATTLE: Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defence unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter said. That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defence industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defence analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken.— Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Uber extends on-demand service to trucking Canada to be ‘firm’ in trade conflicts with US → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM greetings to Rouhani Fahd in Saudi to attend summits Sayyid Fahd in Saudi to take part in GCC-US Summit Businesses see shorter lean months this year Read More ... Facebook Twitter 41 minutes agoThe names of Omani children that are not line with Arabic traditions will be rejected by @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/vtHAwhzK8C 3 hours agoConsumerConfidence: #Oman market recovery hinges on announced projects in tourism, real estate and health… /t.co/07CIVwI7HS 4 hours agoObserve Omani culture when naming babies, failing which the name will be rejected, says @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/E8L8a1BXDv Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Corporate A-Listers Descend on Riyadh for Trump's CEO Summit by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio and Kevin Cirilli @kevcirilli More stories by Kevin Cirilli May 20, 2017, 7:04 PM EDT Defense firms led by Lockheed in $110 billion arms package A tightening of ties between Saudi Arabia and Washington U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump attend a dinner given by Saudi Arabia's King Salman, right, at Murabba Palace in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on May 20, 2017. Photographer: Bandar Algaloud/Saudi Royal Council via Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Defense contractors were the big winners, but President Donald Trump’s first day in Saudi Arabia yielded a slew of high-profile investment deals that showcased the administration’s ability to draw support from major corporations. Top executives who descended on Riyadh for a CEO summit timed to coincide with Trump’s visit included JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman, and Marillyn Hewson, the CEO of Lockheed Martin Corp. Saturday’s meeting, the “Saudi-U.S. CEO Forum,” drew the kind of corporate firepower Trump suggested he could harness when he ran for the Oval Office as a Washington outsider/business executive who would reach outside the Beltway and enlist other executives in support of the administration’s economic goals. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up More than 30 CEOs of major U.S. companies were on hand for the summit, at the Four Seasons Hotel in Riyadh. Some later joined Trump and Saudi officials at the Royal Court Palace for a deal-signing ceremony. Those who spoke to reporters said they weren’t put off by drama surrounding the Trump White House. “We’re just seeing tremendous opportunity with Trump coming here,” said Steven Demetriou, CEO of Jacobs Engineering Group. Dimon gave a thumbs-up to Trump’s deregulatory agenda in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “Most of us in business think that regulations have been holding back growth,” he said. Arms to Infrastructure Arms deals and intentions alone announced on Saturday totaled some $110 billion, in what would be the largest arms package in U.S. history. Meanwhile, Blackstone, the world’s biggest private equity manager, announced an agreement with Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to invest $100 billion in infrastructure projects, mainly in the U.S. Derided by Trump at times over the cost of the F-35 fighter jet program, Lockheed seemed to have made peace with the White House. Earlier this week, the New York Times reported that Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner phoned Hewson while meeting a Saudi delegation, suggesting Lockheed lower the cost of an anti-missile system it was pitching to the Saudis. Price cut or not, Lockheed racked up more than $28 billion in sales and intentions, the company said in a statement, covering integrated air and missile defense, combat ships, tactical aircraft and rotary wing technologies and programs. Also on hand in Riyadh was Boeing Co. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg; Trump has at times encouraged Boeing and Lockheed to compete for pricey U.S. defense contacts. “This is a great vote of confidence by the United States in the business environment of Saudi Arabia,” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, traveling with the president, said during a press conference. Array of Sales The military sales and intended deals fall broadly into five categories: border security and counterterrorism; maritime and coastal security; air force modernization; air and missile defense; and cybersecurity and communications upgrades, according to a State Department statement. Few details were provided on specific transactions beyond what was announced earlier. Tillerson said some of the systems would help Saudi Arabia conduct more “precise and targeted” air strikes against rebel forces in Yemen. The package “bolsters the Kingdom’s ability to provide for its own security and continue contributing to counterterrorism operations across the region, reducing the burden on U.S. military forces,” the State Department said. It was unclear how details of the sales will be conveyed, including the submission of formal notifications to Congress and publication of memos of understanding to proceed with potential sales that normally take years to complete. Obama-Era Deals Still, “when completed, it will be the largest single arms deal in American history,” Vice Admiral Joe Rixey, head of the Pentagon’s Defense Security Cooperation Agency, said Friday from Saudi Arabia on a conference call with analysts, according to a White House transcript. The package includes deals begun under President Barack Obama’s administration -- and initial steps toward others that may take years to complete. From 2009 to 2016, the Obama administration approved $115 billion in potential sales to the Saudis. The S-70 helicopter deal is a new direct commercial sale between Lockheed and the Saudi government that’s separate from any weapons system proposal administered by the U.S. as part of the formal Foreign Military Sales program, company spokesman Paul Jackson said in an email. Under the umbrella of “Border Security and Counter Terrorism,” the U.S. offers capabilities such as “aerostats, tanks, artillery, counter-mortar radars, armored personnel carriers” and helicopters, the State Department said. Chinook Helicopters People familiar with the transaction told Bloomberg News this week the U.S. and Saudis also planned to sign a letter of agreement for about $500 million in what could become a $3.5 billion deal for as many as 48 CH-47 Chinook helicopters and related equipment built by Boeing. That sale was approved by the State Department and Congress in December. Similarly, the agreement also includes a letter of agreement completing a sale approved in August for about 115 M1A2 tanks made by General Dynamics Corp., as well as munitions, and heavy equipment recovery systems, said people familiar with the deals. Under naval and coastal security improvements, the State Department listed systems such as Lockheed Martin’s Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ship, as well as “helicopters, patrol boats, and associated weapons systems.” The multi-mission vessels are modified versions of the Littoral Combat Ship that Lockheed is building for the U.S. Navy, and would be the first international sale of the vessel, which includes munitions such as Raytheon Co.’s Evolved Sea Sparrow air defense missile. The State Department statement also listed Lockheed’s Patriot and Thaad anti-missile systems as intended to “help Saudi Arabia protect itself and the region from missile or other airborne attacks.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Saudi Arabia Welcomes Trump With Billions of Dollars of Deals In Saudi Arabia, Melania Trump Opts to Keep Her Head Bare Fighters Escort American Jet After Attempted Cockpit Breach U.S. Shale Roars Back at OPEC Uber Starts Charging What It Thinks You’re Willing to Pay Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canadian Politics TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | Trump | Tory leadership race | The New War on Cancer F-35 jets waiting in wings as Liberals’ ‘interim’ Super Hornet purchase in limbo Marie-Danielle Smith | May 19, 2017 7:00 PM ET More from Marie-Danielle Smith Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon OTTAWA — The federal government’s suggestion it may trash plans to buy “interim” fighter jets from aerospace giant Boeing Co. may open up a window for F-35 producer Lockheed Martin Corp. to swoop into. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission this week to launch an investigation into much-subsidized Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. for “dumping” commercial airplanes into the U.S. market — a dispute overshadowed by an impending renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s subsequent chastening and promise Thursday to review military procurement involving Boeing leaves in limbo Canada’s purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a deal expected to cost $5 billion to $7 billion. A spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin — which, meanwhile, is partnering with Bombardier on a U.S. Air Force procurement — reacted Friday, saying the company “would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions.” Still, said Cindy Tessier, “it would be inappropriate for Lockheed Martin to comment directly on a matter between the Government of Canada and another company.” A government official argued Friday that Freeland couldn’t take a business-as-usual approach with Boeing after its attack — especially because the same processes recently led to new tariffs being imposed on Canadian softwood lumber. An army of lawyers is working on avoiding the same outcome for Canadian aerospace. Related Ottawa hints Boeing shouldn’t take military contracts for granted in trade spat with Bombardier Matthew Fisher: Super Hornets would make Canada reliant on U.S. jets to defend Arctic, ex-fighter pilots say Retired air chiefs urge Liberals to ditch ‘costly and unnecessary’ plan to buy Super Hornet jets Prime Minister Justin Trudeau publicly lent his support to Bombardier Friday. But he avoided speculating on alternative options for interim jets. In a statement Friday, Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the company has a “deep relationship” with Canada and “our case is focused on the Bombardier company, not the country at large.” Curran said “substantial government subsidies have enabled Bombardier’s predatory pricing” in the U.S. In February, the federal government extended a $372.5 million interest-free loan to the company, and last year, for a 49.5-per-cent share, Quebec offered a US$1 billion investment in the CSeries jets with which Boeing takes issue.   A Bombardier statement, meanwhile, said the giant’s accusations are “unfounded” and noted Boeing has “never lost a sale” in competition with the specific planes being targeted. Freeland pointed out many of Bombardier’s suppliers are based in the U.S. and components directly support “high-paying jobs in many U.S. states.” Reuters reported Friday Boeing executives were concerned about the fighter jet deal getting swept up in the commercial plane dispute. Its defence unit was seeking meetings with Canadian officials to smooth the waters. In addition to Lockheed Martin, other potential winners include rival makers of jets Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts told Reuters. David Perry, senior analyst with the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said Canada’s posturing on a review or delay to the fighter jet purchase is hard to square with its insistence a capability gap urgently needs addressing. “It seems more like a negotiating ploy, potentially,” he said. Reacting to the Boeing statement, Conservative defence critic James Bezan told reporters, “if the government is so blatantly willing to throw away the contract, it says to me that there is no capability gap, that they imagined it right from the start .… The government is looking for a way to get out of that commitment.” Canada had announced the intention to explore the purchase of Boeing aircraft last November and defence minister Harjit Sajjan locked in that position in February, saying overtly: “we are buying new Super Hornets.” The government said it would launch an open competition for a full fleet before the next federal election. Years of indecision have delayed the replacement of the current aging fleet. Liberals backed away from a Harper government decision to purchase Lockheed Martin jets (though acknowledging the company’s right to bid in a competition) despite Canada’s continued participation in the Joint Strike Fighter program along with the U.S. Perry said he believes the “interim purchase first, competition later” approach will be more costly in the long run. But he noted Liberals have repeatedly doubled down on the plan, despite criticisms. “I don’t really see an inclination on the government’s part, so far, that they’re going to move away from that,” he said. Although it is early to predict what may come of this week’s aerospace dispute — a decision from the trade commission isn’t expected until June 12 — Liberals have potentially boxed themselves into a corner. If the government is serious about retaliating, should Boeing prove successful, and if it is also serious about buying fighter jets to fill an immediate capability gap, ahead of a competition, few easy options remain that wouldn’t break a Liberal election promise: “we will not buy the F-35.” • Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: amariedanielles Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, Canadian Politics, News, Boeing, Bombardier, F-35s, Lockheed Martin Corporation, military procurement, Super Hornets Holy Post Altruism vs. self-fulfillment: Faithful in Canada are more caring, but compassion has its limits, poll finds Ray Pennings: Faith plays a big role in how Canadians see the world Major pilgrimage site: Pope in Fatima to honour simple children who changed church Roman Catholic nun allegedly helped priests sexually abuse deaf children in Argentinian school Comedian Stephen Fry under police investigation for blasphemy after calling God an ‘utter maniac’ Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe Comment FP Comment Full Comment TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | Trump | Tory leadership race | The New War on Cancer John Ivison: Chrystia Freeland’s homespun take as Trudeau’s Minister for Everywhere John Ivison | May 19, 2017 7:44 PM ET More from John Ivison Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon It was a short newscast indeed that did not feature Canada’s new global affairs minister this week. On Thursday alone, Chrystia Freeland issued a statement saying the government was reviewing the purchase of Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets in light of the company’s trade dispute with Bombardier; another supporting a bill imposing sanctions on human rights violators; a third recognizing that the U.S. intends to re-negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement; and a fourth, decrying the deportation of Crimean Tatars 73 years ago. Freeland was the Minister for Everywhere, a diminutive political whirlwind, standing up for Canada in disputes with geo-political giants like the U.S. and Russia. It is a marked departure from the style of her predecessor, Stéphane Dion, whose more cautious approach meant that the lights on foreign policy were generally at amber. Fen Hampson, Chancellor’s Professor at Carleton University, said Dion took a more academic approach and tried to write a geo-strategic doctrine that he called “responsible conviction”, which the minister defined as being principled but less dogmatic than the Conservatives, while focusing on delivering results. Nobody seemed to have the slightest clue what it meant, with the result it ended up being hollow, meaningless and quickly discarded. Freeland has, in Hampson words, put her stamp on a “more muscular” foreign policy by keeping it “sweet and simple.” “She has convictions but is also prepared to act on them,” he said. Dion attempted to ingratiate Canadian foreign policy with Russia and Iran, in order to wield some imagined clout. “If Canada sends the message that we won’t sit at the table when Russia is there, then Russia will be at the table but Canada won’t. It’s an irrational policy,” he said, as an explanation to his decision not to back the Magnitsky law on human rights violators that Freeland now says the government will support. Related Chrystia Freeland warns Washington that Canada will ‘strongly oppose’ potential tariffs Chrystia Freeland sees free trade as key to middle-class prosperity Foreign ministers avert ‘major political problem’ as Russia and U.S. play nicely on Arctic, climate change The law, already in place in the U.S. and U.K., is named after Russian fraud investigator, Sergei Magnitsky, who uncovered massive corruption by government officials but was arrested, beaten and left to die in jail. As Freeland pointed out in the House of Commons late Wednesday, no Canadian legislation exists to authorize sanctions specifically for violators of human rights. A private members’ bill that initiated in the Senate would fix that problem, she said, ignoring Russian warnings that backing it would be deemed an “unfriendly act” that would harm bilateral relations. Marcus Kolga, a senior fellow at the Macdonald Laurier Institute, said Dion is a good man but was naïve when it came to Russia. “Stéphane wanted to re-engage with Russia but didn’t understand that when you talk to Putin you need to carry a big stick. Stéphane talked about common interests in the Arctic but Russia is militarizing the Arctic,” he said. Justin Trudeau shuffled Dion out of Global Affairs in the wake of Donald Trump’s election (he was subsequently appointed ambassador to Germany and special envoy to the European Union). It was a bold move to demote a former Liberal party leader but it was broadly accepted that the stiff Dion would not get a hearing in Trump’s Washington. Freeland, on the other hand, spent much of her adult life in the United States, dining at the right tables. As a senior journalist for Reuters, she knew many of the key players personally and had a fundamental understanding of how Washington works, according to those who have seen her at close quarters. She is proving herself to be a feisty, activist minister, prepared to disagree with the Americans without being disagreeable. On Boeing’s dispute with Bombardier, where the former has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of the Canadian plane-maker’s C-series jet, Freeland was bold enough to link the spat to her government’s purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighters. Canada is “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing,” she said – a deal worth as much as $2-billion. On softwood lumber, she said the U.S. has made “no offer that any Canadian would consider acceptable”. More broadly, on the U.S. announcement that NAFTA re-negotiations will start in the next 90 days, she pointed out that nine million American jobs depend on trade with Canada. She said the news presents “an opportunity to determine how we can best align NAFTA to the new reality”. It’s not a strong negotiating position when lined up against the Americans’ massive leverage. But it suggests the Canadian position will be characterized by straight-talk, steadfastness and common sense. Where Dion’s background as an academic was reflected in his foreign policy, so Freeland life experience as the daughter of an Alberta crop farmer (albeit one who went to Harvard and Oxford) is coming out in her homegrown version. “It’s canola. It is a native plant, native to Canadian soil,” she said, by way of explanation in an interview with The Canadian Press. She is set to deliver a major speech early next month, setting out the broad foreign policy context of on-going defence and development reviews. It will doubtless be heavy on references to progressive ideas on trade and human rights. But it is not, apparently, the product of a lengthy and cumbersome review process. If it is in keeping with what we have seen from Freehand so far, it will sound more like the Old Farmer’s Almanac – no rain, no rainbows; don’t corner something that’s meaner than you; and, never judge folks by their relatives. Or presidents. • Email: jivison@postmedia.com | Twitter: IvisonJ Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canadian Politics, Full Comment, canadian foreign policy, Chrystia Freeland, Stephan Dion Full Comment Videos Post Picks Canada seeks third straight world hockey title after third-period comeback against Russia in semifinal Russia had a 2-0 lead entering the third period before Canada reeled off four straight goals Pippa Middleton marries hedge fund manager James Matthews as royals look on The wedding party included Prince George, a page boy at 3, and 2-year-old Princess Charlotte, a bridesmaid CARNE Y ARENA: A VR recreation of illegal border crossing that left Chris Knight choking back tears CARNE Y ARENA by Mexican director Alejandro Iñárritu — literally Meat & Sand, though its English title is Virtually Present, Physically Invisible Ducks’ Ryan Getzlaf fined maximum amount for ‘demeaning and disrespectful’ slur toward official Television cameras caught Getzlaf use a homophobic slur in overtime of Game 4 against Nashville Maud Lewis painting found in thrift store sells for $45,000 in auction The online auction ended Friday night and the painting, which was appraised at $16,000, went for $45,000 Recent Tweets Chris Selley: A questionable Alberta drunk driving ruling nevertheless strikes a blow for liberty ow.ly/nDqg50bBZgY 1 day ago John Ivison: Chrystia Freeland’s homespun take as Trudeau’s Minister for Everywhere ow.ly/FZn450bBJOi 1 day ago National Post View: Trump criticized NATO in his campaign, but is right to pursue a pan-Arab NATO in the Middle... ow.ly/6P3f50bBAa8 1 day ago National Post View: Trump should pursue a pan-Arab NATO in the Middle East news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/n… via @fullcomment 1 day ago Colby Cosh: Alberta’s right-wing unity plan is absurdly complex. Could it be foiled by simple politics? ow.ly/1UTd50bBwwY 1 day ago FP Comment Philip Cross: Mark Carney’s ‘dead money’ fallacy will live forever among Canada’s business bashers Jack M. Mintz: Beware a new Infrastructure Bank; Canada’s had enough of these failures already Gwyn Morgan: Here’s why I’m not worried about more Trans Mountain oil tankers in my backyard (and you shouldn’t either) Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions May 20, 2017 73° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Scattered thunderstorms possible. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms, especially late. Low 71F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 20, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Manufacturing company unveils new Lincoln aerospace division May 20, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago (…) LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing's new aerospace division in Nebraska opened this week. The new division at Kawasaki's Lincoln plant held its grand opening Thursday, the Lincoln Journal Star (http://bit.ly/2qErU7M ) reported. The company spent $12.6 million to convert the 30,000 square-foot (2787.07 sq. meter) space to be able to produce cargo doors for the new Boeing jet. Most of the money was spent on machinery to automate the production process, including a robotic painting machine. Vice president and plant manager in Lincoln, Mike Boyle, said an automatic riveting machine will be able to add rivets to the doors in about 20 seconds. The company expects to add about 50 workers to the Lincoln facility for the Boeing work. The Lincoln facility employs about 2,000 people. The facility also makes train cars, personal watercraft, ATVs and utility vehicles. Although production began earlier this month, finished cargo doors won't be shipped until January, Boyle said. The company is going through a rigorous qualification program to manufacture the doors for the Boeing 777X. Jason Clark, vice president of operations for the 777X, said the plane can carry more than 400 passengers and has a range of 8,000 miles (12,874 kilometers). Boyle said he's optimistic the cargo-door project will lead to additional work for Boeing in the future. "We're getting our feet wet right now with Boeing," Boyle said. "We hope if things work out, we'll be considered for more." ___ Information from: Lincoln Journal Star, http://www.journalstar.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Production Facilities Corporate News Locations Nebraska United States North America Lincoln Popular Woman charged with abuse, neglect after elderly man found in 'deplorable' conditions Stunning news: CDH diagnosis adds to couple's anticipation of birth of first child Murder suspect back in Jackson County Martin triplets set to graduate Dothan High soon Dothan kid's trick kick goes viral Two die in crash after driver refuses to stop for law officers Health Center South breaks ground on $25M expansion New center for LGBT youth opens in Dothan Dothan police officer buys groceries for teen mom caught stealing Clark Cinemas opens new building Friday Featured Businesses Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Currently Open Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Currently Open The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 Contests Water World Family Admission Pack Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 until 5 a.m. Monday. Business Seattle renters get more air conditioning as landlords launch ‘amenities arms race’ Originally published May 20, 2017 at 8:00 am Updated May 19, 2017 at 3:35 pm Area renters expect air conditioning these days; former Boeing engineer is pushing for a wider perspective on meat; peach puree falls flat, but fruit squeeze is a winner. Share story By Seattle Times staff Seattle Times business staff As Seattle summers keep getting hotter and hotter, a once-unthinkable perk for renters here has become more commonplace: air conditioning. Traditionally, there hasn’t been much of a point for local developers to spend the extra money to install A/C: Seattle has among the coolest summers in the country, and new construction was rare enough that new buildings didn’t need extras — they stood out just for being new. But now the record apartment construction boom sweeping the city has created what some in the industry have called an “amenities arms race” to attract tenants. Things like rooftop decks, gyms and dog play areas are a dime a dozen. Now A/C has become a way for landlords to stand out in a sea of apartment ads. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery What drivers can and cannot do under Washington state's new distracted-driving law 3 charged with assault after brutal beating of Metro rider captured on cameras Family of musician Chris Cornell disputes he killed himself  VIEWUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Before this decade, only 6 percent of all rentals in the Seattle metro area had central air conditioning, according to census statistics — the lowest rate for any major region in the country. But 25 percent of apartments built so far this decade in Greater Seattle have central A/C — a fourfold increase over the old days. (These numbers don’t include the cheaper window units, but those are on the rise, too — more on that later.) Megan Murphy, a senior manager at one of the biggest developers in town, Paul Allen’s Vulcan Real Estate, said that just a decade ago the company never would have even considered including A/C in its buildings. But now it’s standard for all apartments in Vulcan’s new high-rises, and comes included at many of the units in its smaller projects. “I don’t think it’s a fad, I think it’s probably going to be a new normal, because it is getting warmer,” Murphy said. “Now it’s becoming more competitive, as well — it’s not just about being the new kid on the block, it’s about being the new kid on the block with all the extras.” Another factor: A/C is standard in a lot of other regions, and with the rise in new residents moving from locales with hotter summers like California, Texas, Chicago and New York, tenants come with the expectation that air conditioning will be included, Murphy said. More Pacific Northwest natives have been asking for A/C lately, as well. She said installing A/C in a building while it’s under construction typically costs $5,000 to $6,000 per unit, costs that are typically factored into rents, whether people use the cool air or not. Overall, new buildings in Seattle have rents that are about 40 percent more expensive than older ones, according to Dupre + Scott. You’ll get more than 2,200 results if you search for units in Seattle with air conditioning on apartments.com. Some leasing pros go further: On craigslist, several apartment ads put “A/C included” right in the headline. And outside the new Cascade Apartments in South Lake Union, a big banner sign reads only: “Now leasing: Studio, 1 & 2-bedroom apartments with A/C.” “There have been individuals that we heard that moved into Cascade because it had A/C,” said Bradley Karvasek, senior vice president of development at Equity Residential, which owns the building. He agreed the A/C perk is going to become the new normal: With “global warming, we’re getting hotter and hotter days in Seattle. More frequently the temperatures are rising above 90 degrees here.” The increase in air-conditioned apartments might be more noticeable here, but it matches a similar, nationwide trend: About 82 percent of U.S. rentals built this decade had central air, up from a previous average of 56 percent. The typical U.S. apartment is nearly eight times more likely to have central air than one in Seattle. The planet had its hottest year on record last year, topping 2015, which topped 2014, continuing a warming trend that’s been going on for more than a decade. Seattle obviously hasn’t heated up to the same extreme as other places, but it’s been warmer than we’re used to. Last summer was 2 degrees hotter than average here, while 2015 was the hottest summer on record in Seattle, beating out the old highs set in 2014 and 2013. (The increasing use of air conditioners can contribute tothe effects of climate change, too.) And while this year has been chilly so far, we’re set for our first heat wave this week — the forecast says it could hit 80 degrees on Tuesday. “For Seattle, if it gets over 80 degrees, we all think we’re in the desert,” Murphy joked. “But it is — it’s getting warmer.” Of course, people in most older buildings that aren’t wired for full central air conditioning can still get cool by plopping a unit in the window or getting some other kind of smaller A/C unit — and the majority of renters in Seattle who have A/C go that route. About 14 percent of apartments in the Seattle region had air conditioners that only cool one room each in 2015, up from 11 percent in 2013. That trend spans apartments of all ages, suggesting that renters are actively seeking out and installing more air conditioning or landlords are retrofitting them with smaller A/C units. Overall, when including all types of A/C, 21 percent of apartments in the region had air conditioning as of 2015, making us the least air-conditioned place in the country for renters, among major metro areas. By comparison, 86 percent of U.S. apartments have some kind of air conditioning. It’s 55 percent in the Portland region and 27 percent in the San Francisco area. What about owner-occupied houses? It’s a similar trend, but A/C is more common in houses than apartments. About 72 percent of local homes built this decade have central air, up from a historical average of 21 percent. Across the country, 92 percent of new homes for sale have A/C, up from 74 percent in older houses. — Mike Rosenberg: mrosenberg@seattletimes.com Taking a wider perspective on meat The word “meat” conjures up an image of beef, or maybe chicken, or perhaps duck if you’re feeling a bit more adventurous. But what about the meat of a fruit, or meat of a topic? Christie Lagally, a former Boeing engineer, is trying to rally Seattle entrepreneurs to get involved in the food technology industry. (Courtesy of Good Food Institute) Seattle engineer Christie Lagally thinks the term applies more broadly, and her research with the Good Food Institute is out to prove that a shift away from animal meat will help everyone. The D.C.-based nonprofit is teaming up with University of Washington’s CoMotion center to host an event Monday about how entrepreneurs can get involved with food technology — and create “meat” alternatives. Lagally, a former mechanical engineer at Boeing, is now a Good Food senior scientist and is focused on plant-based meats and “clean,” or lab-grown meats. The institute helps launch companies that focus on new food technologies. In San Francisco, Good Food helped fund Memphis Meats, which is growing meat in labs from the cellular level — animal meat, no slaughter required. The startup is developing the “world’s first chicken produced without the animal.” Realistic plant-based substitutes for meat are catching on as well. The internet sensation Impossible Burger is designed to smell and taste like meat. It even “bleeds” like a beef burger. Lagally, who is based in Seattle, points to San Francisco, New York, other places around the world where “sustainable food technology” is really taking off. But in Seattle, it hasn’t yet gotten big. She thinks the time is ripe. Washington state already has a huge talent pool of agricultural scientists and resources, as well as a booming community of entrepreneurs. “Washington state is actually a really prime location for food innovation, even more so than perhaps the rest of the country,” Lagally said. “ … Here in Washington state, we are growing the proteins — the soybeans, the wheat, the chickpeas, the lentils, the white beans — all of the protein sources we need in order to make plant-based meat.” Lagally points to sustainability issues that come along with farming animals for meat, as well as the feed that animals eat, which she believes could be instead used to feed humans across the world. “Not to mention the huge benefit to human health.” Lagally knows it can be a tough sell. People are attached to what they eat, and that’s why she wants appetizing alternatives in the form of “clean meat” and plant-based meats. The Good Food Institute and CoMotion will hold a panel discussion at 5:30 p.m. Monday at CoMotion’s headquarters in the University District to discuss the emerging industry and how entrepreneurs can jump in the ring. — Rachel Lerman: rlerman@seattletimes.com Fruit puree loses, squeeze is a winner There’s the adage, “When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.” The Selah-based growers’ co-op Tree Top combined surplus peach puree with apple sauce and lemon juice to create these Fruit Squeeze tubes that it distributed to Northwest food banks. (Courtesy of 2nd Harvest) Tree Top, the food-processing co-op based in Selah, Yakima County, has its own version: When life gives you peaches, make peach-flavored squeeze tubes that help feed the poor. Tree Top, the nearly 60-year-old growers’ co-op, had a client that wanted peach puree for baby food. But after the peaches were processed, the puree turned out to be too thin for baby food. “It would not stay on the spoon,” said Tree Top spokeswoman Sharon Miracle. That’s when Tree Top’s research and development team began thinking about what it could produce with all that thin peach puree, especially with ingredients it had on hand at the time. It hit upon combining the peach puree with apple sauce and a bit of lemon juice — and putting the result in squeeze tubes. “We thought it would appeal to children and be easy for parents to hand out,” Miracle said. It was a no-brainer to donate the Fruit Squeezes, as Tree Top calls them, to local food banks, since the co-op already contributes to the larger food banks in Washington and Oregon. “We just said: ‘We have this. Do you want it?’” Miracle said. “There was a very enthusiastic reception.” Tree Top produced about 150,000 Fruit Squeezes, handing them off last month to the 2nd Harvest hunger-relief network. It distributes some 2 million pounds of food each month to food banks, soup kitchens, schools and meal centers in Eastern Washington and northern Idaho. 2nd Harvest passed along the squeeze tubes to those organizations, and also handed them out to individual families at its mobile markets — where a company or church sponsors 2nd Harvest to set up a farmers market of sorts so those in need can get food for free. It’s a boon to 2nd Harvest to have fruit in a form that’s shelf stable, said Sarah MacPherson, food-sourcing manager for the organization. “We love getting [fruit] in their pure form,” she said. “But we do run up against the clock.” With the squeeze tubes, there’s more time to reach needy families, MacPherson said. Tree Top won’t know if it’ll produce more Fruit Squeezes this year until the co-op finds out how much fruit is left over in August, after the harvest. It also needs to figure out how to make the packaging more economical to produce. Each package, by regulation, needs to say what specific ingredients are in it, but the co-op’s fruit inventory may be different each time, necessitating costly changes to the packaging. Still, the company’s intention is to make more Fruit Squeezes to find “homes for homeless fruit,” Miracle said. Janet I. Tu: jtu@seattletimes.com Seattle Times staff View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story LL Bean’s newest Bootmobile is kicking it in Japan Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Ernesford Grange School News Watch plane built by Coventry's Ernesford Grange school take off Plane built by pupils from Ernesford Grange Community Academy goes on first public flight from Coventry Airport  Share  Comments ByLucy Lynch 15:38, 20 MAY 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A plane built by Coventry teenagers has taken to the skies. Pupils from Ernesford Grange Community Academy saw the plane they and their teachers had built take off for its first public flight. Pupils, teachers and supporters applauded as the plane, flown by a qualified pilot, took off from Coventry Airport . The secondary school was one of six around the country picked in 2011 by aircraft manufacturer Boeing and the Royal Aeronautical Society for the build a plane project. The school was chosen because staff were full of ideas about how to make the most of the project. Different groups of pupils aged 14 to 16 spent five years building the RANS Coyote II light aeroplane G-EGCA. The plane built by pupils and staff at Ernesford Grange Community Academy They were guided by teacher Peter Kobrin and volunteer engineers and technicians. Former pupils even returned to the school in Princethorpe Way, Ernesford Grange , Coventry , to keep working on the project. Read More Standards are getting worse - Ernesford Grange Academy placed in special measures Once all the pupils have flown as passengers in their plane the machine will be sold and the cash will go towards other school build a plane projects. The project was delayed by red tape so pupils spent the first year building a flight simulator and refurbishing a plane which was no longer airworthy. Then they started on the real thing, first at school and then at Coventry Airport. Pupil James Aitken, who worked on the plane, said: “The best part of the project was the team. Most people I tell can’t believe I’ve actually helped build a real aircraft and now it has flown!” Deputy head Helen Nicholls said: "The school's Build a Plane project has had a really positive impact on a wide range of people, from the students, staff and volunteers who built it and learned about teamwork, co-operation and project management, to the students from all over the country who experienced flying in the flight simulator we built. "Students have gained in confidence through speaking to a wide range of audiences and have raised their aspirations as well as their interest in STEM careers." Read More Coventry Red Arrows pilot death: Ejector seat firm in court for health and safety breaches Sir Michael Arthur, president of Boeing Europe and managing director of Boeing UK and Ireland, said: “Boeing is committed to sustaining the highly-qualified pipeline of talent in the UK aerospace industry, “Our industry must work hard to inspire young people to take an interest in science, technology and aviation through engaging in projects like the Schools Build-a-Plane Challenge. “Congratulations to the students and teachers at Ernesford Grange Community Academy on their fantastic achievements.” Simon Luxmoore, chief executive of the Royal Aeronautical Society, said: “It is vital that we develop and nurture STEM knowledge and skills from an early age if the UK is to maintain its technological and competitive advantage in the global aerospace sector. “Providing young people with first-hand experience of what a career in aviation involves, through fun and exciting initiatives like the Schools Build-a-Place Challenge, is one way of achieving this important goal.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Ernesford Grange School Coventry Coventry Airport Education News all Most Read Most Recent CoventryWhy neglecting your garden could land you with a prison sentence  Coventry law firm Band Hatton Button is warning people about the rise of Japanese Knotweed Traffic and TravelWatch: Horrific moment van driver realises can't stop in time in M42 crash The van driver tried to avoid a crash with the car in front by swerving into middle lane traffic Crime"I'm scarred for life": Foleshill gang-rape victim reveals affect of horror attack She has had to leave Coventry following attack in Foleshill West Midlands PoliceSerious collision closes Brinklow Road but amazingly no one was injured The collision took place shortly before 5.30am and the road was closed for much of the day ChapelfieldsHow heartache turned into positivity for super slimmer Michelle For Michelle Casewell the pain of miscarrying helped her turn her life around and encouraged her to lose weight Traffic and TravelWatch: Horrific moment van driver realises can't stop in time in M42 crash The van driver tried to avoid a crash with the car in front by swerving into middle lane traffic Crime"I'm scarred for life": Foleshill gang-rape victim reveals affect of horror attack She has had to leave Coventry following attack in Foleshill ChapelfieldsHow heartache turned into positivity for super slimmer Michelle For Michelle Casewell the pain of miscarrying helped her turn her life around and encouraged her to lose weight M6How drivers are paying millions in 'smart motorway' speeding fines - what to look out for 11,918 drivers have been caught exceeding the limit since variable speed cameras were installed between junctions 7 and 9 on the M42 CoventryWhy neglecting your garden could land you with a prison sentence  Coventry law firm Band Hatton Button is warning people about the rise of Japanese Knotweed Most Read Most Recent CoventryWhy neglecting your garden could land you with a prison sentence  Coventry law firm Band Hatton Button is warning people about the rise of Japanese Knotweed Traffic and TravelWatch: Horrific moment van driver realises can't stop in time in M42 crash The van driver tried to avoid a crash with the car in front by swerving into middle lane traffic Crime"I'm scarred for life": Foleshill gang-rape victim reveals affect of horror attack She has had to leave Coventry following attack in Foleshill West Midlands PoliceSerious collision closes Brinklow Road but amazingly no one was injured The collision took place shortly before 5.30am and the road was closed for much of the day Coventry City FCCoventry City wish list: Which of these players would you like to join for 2017/18? The Sky Blue Army are certainly excited about potential new arrivals Traffic and TravelWatch: Horrific moment van driver realises can't stop in time in M42 crash The van driver tried to avoid a crash with the car in front by swerving into middle lane traffic Crime"I'm scarred for life": Foleshill gang-rape victim reveals affect of horror attack She has had to leave Coventry following attack in Foleshill ChapelfieldsHow heartache turned into positivity for super slimmer Michelle For Michelle Casewell the pain of miscarrying helped her turn her life around and encouraged her to lose weight Wasps RFCWasps v Exeter Twickenham tickets available immediately Dai Young's team face last season's beaten finalists Exeter at HQ next Saturday Wasps RFCDai Young: "This is a thank-you for the supporters - I hope they have a fantastic day out" Watch Dai Young review Wasps' semi-final win against Leicester Tigers Top Stories Traffic and TravelWatch: Horrific moment van driver realises can't stop in time in M42 crash The van driver tried to avoid a crash with the car in front by swerving into middle lane traffic ChapelfieldsHow heartache turned into positivity for super slimmer Michelle For Michelle Casewell the pain of miscarrying helped her turn her life around and encouraged her to lose weight Crime"I'm scarred for life": Foleshill gang-rape victim reveals affect of horror attack She has had to leave Coventry following attack in Foleshill West Midlands PoliceSerious collision closes Brinklow Road but amazingly no one was injured The collision took place shortly before 5.30am and the road was closed for much of the day Warwickshire PoliceWarwickshire police officer dismissed after harassment campaign Police constable Gary Bemowski, who was based at Bedworth, was dismissed from the force with immediate effect for gross misconduct EarlsdonMan's miraculous escape after he's 'impaled' on fence in Earlsdon At first it was feared the man had serious injuries after becoming caught on a metal fence in Rochester Road PoliticsThese are the most annoying driving habits - according to British motorists AA polled more than 20,000 of its members as part of the new study Pippa MiddletonPippa Middleton wedding: The society wedding of the year as Duchess of Cambridge's sister marries James Matthews Duke and Duchess of Cambridge among guests at the 'wedding of the year' Coventry UniversityCoventry University student lands 'incredible' EA placement working with Game of Thrones stars and football legends Tom worked in the communications and PR team on huge titles like FIFA 17, Mass Effect: Andromeda, Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 Ernesford Grange SchoolWatch plane built by Coventry's Ernesford Grange school take off Plane built by pupils from Ernesford Grange Community Academy goes on first public flight from Coventry Airport YouTubeWatch: Teens who climb region's tallest buildings reveal Coventry plans Eye-watering footage shows young lads on edges of horrifying drops UK & World NewsPhotos from Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' wedding The Duchess of Cambridge's sister Pippa Middleton married millionaire James Matthews in Berkshire this morning. Royalty and celebrities packed out St Mark's church in Englefield. These photographs show guests, including the Duchess, her husband Prince William and tennis ace Roger Federer arriving ahead of the Pippa's big day. CoventryWhy neglecting your garden could land you with a prison sentence  Coventry law firm Band Hatton Button is warning people about the rise of Japanese Knotweed Traffic and TravelWatch: Horrific moment van driver realises can't stop in time in M42 crash The van driver tried to avoid a crash with the car in front by swerving into middle lane traffic Crime"I'm scarred for life": Foleshill gang-rape victim reveals affect of horror attack She has had to leave Coventry following attack in Foleshill West Midlands PoliceSerious collision closes Brinklow Road but amazingly no one was injured The collision took place shortly before 5.30am and the road was closed for much of the day ChapelfieldsHow heartache turned into positivity for super slimmer Michelle For Michelle Casewell the pain of miscarrying helped her turn her life around and encouraged her to lose weight Game of ThronesWhen does Game of Thrones season seven start? Plot spoilers, new cast members and more Here's everything you need to know about series 7 from spoilers, to new characters and more EarlsdonMan's miraculous escape after he's 'impaled' on fence in Earlsdon At first it was feared the man had serious injuries after becoming caught on a metal fence in Rochester Road Warwickshire PoliceWarwickshire police officer dismissed after harassment campaign Police constable Gary Bemowski, who was based at Bedworth, was dismissed from the force with immediate effect for gross misconduct NuneatonFive shops Nuneaton residents say they would like to see open in the town Are there any you would like to add to the list? YouTubeWatch: Teens who climb region's tallest buildings reveal Coventry plans Eye-watering footage shows young lads on edges of horrifying drops PoliticsThese are the most annoying driving habits - according to British motorists AA polled more than 20,000 of its members as part of the new study Dream HomeFamily house close to Coventry's Allesley Park is Telegraph's dream home of the week Detached five-bedroom property at Parkhill Drive, Allesley, for sale with Tailor Made Sales and Lettings M6How drivers are paying millions in 'smart motorway' speeding fines - what to look out for 11,918 drivers have been caught exceeding the limit since variable speed cameras were installed between junctions 7 and 9 on the M42 Pippa MiddletonPippa Middleton wedding: The society wedding of the year as Duchess of Cambridge's sister marries James Matthews Duke and Duchess of Cambridge among guests at the 'wedding of the year' In The NewsMan explains why he engages in sick sexual 'stealthing' Brendan admits he stealths "most of the time" and thought claims of it being a disturbing trend and sexual assault were "bull****" Coventry UniversityCoventry University student lands 'incredible' EA placement working with Game of Thrones stars and football legends Tom worked in the communications and PR team on huge titles like FIFA 17, Mass Effect: Andromeda, Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 CoventryChild sex images arrests at lodge for vulnerable kids Two men were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images Courts16-year-old Coventry boy behind bars after having sex with girl who was only 12 Teenager charged with rape because girl was legally to young too consent CourtsTrio jailed for nearly 30 years for Foleshill gang-rape attack The victim thought she was "going to die" BBCBBC drama Three Girls: The horrific true story of Rochdale grooming gang Parts two and three will air on Wednesday night and Thursday night, at 9pm, on BBC One News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay close Breaking news
21/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programs Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Wander Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All programs Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News Europe World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views World 19/05/2017 Voting extended amid high turnout in tight Iran election Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Today people are voting to say that Iran is still standing" Masoumeh Ebtekar Iranian Vice President Business 19/05/2017 Back from bankruptcy and how to avoid it Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "200,000 companies each year go bankrupt in Europe." Pol Vermoere Co-founder, Dyzo World 19/05/2017 Sold! Basquiat 'skull' canvas goes for 84 million euros at 'electrifying' auction Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "He wouldn’t stop doing heroin. He was an amazing man and deeply talented, I loved him." Madonna Culture 18/05/2017 The Met celebrates 50 years at the Lincoln Center Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "...it’s about self-confidence too, how strong you are, can you do it or not?" Sonya Yoncheva Soprano Culture 18/05/2017 A life in opera Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "In the same way movies have changed over 50 years...opera has to change as well." Peter Gelb GM, Metropolitan Opera World 18/05/2017 Suicide rate is highest in Europe: UN health agency report Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If countries don't know what makes people get sick and die, it's a lot harder to know what to do about it." Marie-Paule Kieny World Health Organization Europe 18/05/2017 NATO and EU defence ministers talk cooperation, Trump and cyber security Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 18/05/2017 General Motors bails out of India and South Africa Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Are we spending time pursuing opportunities … or all of our time fixing problems" Dan Ammann General Motors President more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Boeing seeks talks with Canada over threat to scrap jet purchase - source Aa Aa Now Reading: Boeing seeks talks with Canada over threat to scrap jet purchase - source 19/05/2017 Boeing seeks talks with Canada over threat to scrap jet purchase - source REUTERS 19/05/2017 By David Ljunggren OTTAWA (Reuters) – Boeing Co’s defence unit wants talks with Canadian officials as it tries to fend off a government threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the situation said on Friday. Canada suggested on Thursday it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” said the source, who requested anonymity given the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” If Boeing did indeed gamble that it could challenge Bombardier while sealing an order for fighter jets, the costs could be significant, analysts said. Political sources say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous”. He said Boeing could lose $10 billion (7.67 billion pounds) to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB <SAABb.ST>, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’ said a Canadian defence industry source. Bombardier is based in the powerful province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning an election in October 2019. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its ageing fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defence and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing said it would respond later in the day. Boeing’s defence unit is called Defense, Space & Security. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by Bernard Orr and Lisa Shumaker) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories Iran 20/05/2017 Iran: President Hassan Rouhani wins re-election world news 20/05/2017 Trumps arrive in Saudi Arabia for president's first foreign tour Iraq 20/05/2017 Iraq: ISIL claims blame for deadly Basra attack Most viewed United Kingdom 20/05/2017 Pippa Middleton marries her own Prince Charming Italy 20/05/2017 In 48 hours 5,000 migrants rescued from Mediterranean Japan 20/05/2017 Japan coastguard resumes drills as tensions rise Iran 20/05/2017 Iran: President Hassan Rouhani wins re-election world news 20/05/2017 Trumps arrive in Saudi Arabia for president's first foreign tour Editor's choice Style & Trends 18/05/2017 4 Trends we spotted at Decoded Fashion world news 19/05/2017 Lancet report ranks Britain's health care system behind its European neighbours world news 18/05/2017 A week in Pictures ... Macrons seal victory with a kiss Flashback: one year ago Nepal 21/05/2016 Dutch climber dies on Everest descent Kazakhstan 21/05/2016 Kazakh police break up anti-government protests USA 21/05/2016 Solar Impulse airborne direction Dayton, Ohio Austria 21/05/2016 Austria on the brink of electing far-right president Russia 21/05/2016 MH17 crash: victims families sue Russia and President Putin Editor's choice Style & Trends 18/05/2017 4 Trends we spotted at Decoded Fashion world news 19/05/2017 Lancet report ranks Britain's health care system behind its European neighbours world news 18/05/2017 A week in Pictures ... Macrons seal victory with a kiss Iran 14/05/2017 Iran: presidential campaign breaks boundaries world news 18/05/2017 What are the Brexit policies in the UK election? world news 18/05/2017 Russian minister hints at using cinema ticket prices to hit back at foreign... world news 17/05/2017 Watch euronews' French election VR experience brussels bureau 18/05/2017 The Brief from Brussels: defence ministers meet, Facebook fined world news 17/05/2017 Which EU state is the world's heaviest-drinking country? Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags Hassan Rouhani Iran Elections 2017 Ceremony Attack Italy Iran USA France Verticals Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programs Channels Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes 21/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Business Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Business Building group touts advantages of ‘green’ practices The new Business and Public Management Building at West Chester University is cited as an example of smart construction. Submitted photo By Brian McCullough, Daily Local News Posted: 05/20/17, 5:55 PM EDT | Updated: 23 secs ago # Comments Saint Gobain’s and Certainteed’s U.S. headquarters building near Malvern received two LEED Platinum certifications. PETE BANNAN – DIGITAL FIRST MEDIA While the political climate for green buildings isn’t great, the market in the region is holding firm. That’s the assessment of Alex Dews, executive director of the Delaware Valley Green Building Council. The council recently held its Seventh Annual Sustainability Symposium to discuss industry-best practices. “The federal government has always been an important partner,” said Dews, who has spent the past 10 years working on green building and urban sustainability in Philadelphia. “They helped in a lot of the programs in the last decade at the local level.” Advertisement With a change in leadership, the federal and state governments are less supportive of “green” programs, Dews acknowledged, but said that in a way has galvanized believers in the goals of green building. “It’s serving as a motivation, in some way,” Dews said in a recent interview. “There had been a plateau under LEED standards. But there’s a lot of opportunity out there now, and the building sector is taking it seriously.” Dews noted several recent suburban projects have incorporated green building practices, the most notable of which is St. Gobain-Certainteed’s U.S. headquarters near Malvern, which was unveiled using many of the energy efficiency products the company sells. In September, the building received two LEED Platinum certifications. (LEED – Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design – is an ecology-oriented building certification program run under the auspices of the U.S. Green Building Council, or USGBC. Projects can qualify for four LEED levels: Certified, Silver, Gold and Platinum.) Other recent examples cited by Dews: • West Chester University’s Business and Public Management Building, which earned LEED Gold Certification. The building “stands out for its water efficiency, materials and resources, and indoor environmental quality,” the council noted. Water efficient landscaping was installed during the construction process to ensure that irrigation would not be needed. More than 15 percent of the materials used to construct the building are from recycled content, and the building uses individual temperature controls and energy efficient lighting to save costs throughout the building. It is the third LEED-certified building on West Chester’s campus: Mitchell Hall and the School of Music and Performing Arts Center are both LEED Silver. • The Boeing H­47 Focused Factory renovations work done in Ridley Township, Delaware County. In 2009, spurred by increasing demand for the H­47 Chinook heavy­lift military helicopter, Boeing initiated major renovations to various support structures, including an extensive upgrade of the historic H­47 main production line located in the 3­61 building. STV was the construction manager and owner’s representative, charged with completing complex construction work while increasing production rates with minimal disruption to operations, within the building envelope. The firm was responsible for 14 major capital renovation projects over the course of the planned five-­year construction schedule, the Delaware Valley Green Building Council noted. The project has been LEED certified, the first time the USGBC awarded certification on renovations to existing industrial structures in a particular classification for older buildings. • Doylestown Health, whose Doylestown Hospital “continues to embrace the ‘green’ movement,” the council said. In early 2016, Doylestown Health installed a 1.6-megawatt generator powerful enough to meet about 75 percent of Doylestown Hospital’s daily electricity needs. By using the combined heat and power gas turbine (also known as cogeneration system) Doylestown Hospital expects to save more than 13,000 kilowatts hours of energy each year, which is equivalent to the same amount of energy used by 1,500 average homes. Health care has become a major market for the smart energy industry, Dews said, with more than 200 hospitals nationwide operating cogeneration systems. Health care projects often focus on improving air quality to stop the spread of germs. Hospitals – and many companies – are looking at such work as ways to keep the people in their buildings healthier, Dews said. The other major trend in the smart building market is automation – putting systems on timers and, when possible, tying them together. Apartment buildings are increasingly adopting smart building practices as well, Dews said. According to the council, buildings account for nearly 40 percent of CO2 emissions in the United States. While suburban office parks present challenges for retrofitting to make the buildings more efficient, some are doing so successfully. In Chester County, for instance, the Hankin Group and Vanguard have smart energy buildings, Dews said. In Philadelphia, meanwhile, the Comcast Tower is setting new standards for what is possible in the field, Dews said. DVGBC also is leading the formation of a 2030 District in Philadelphia, one of a number of such efforts in major markets across the nation. The goal, Dews said, is to reduce CO2 emissions from buildings by 50 percent by 2030, with 2003 used as the base level. “Not at all,” Dews replied when asked if the change in political leadership means an end to the smart building movement. “There are a lot of people still committed to it. I would say we’ve seen a recommitment.” – To contact Business Editor Brian McCullough, call 610-235-2655 or send an email to bmccullough@dailylocal.com. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! About the Author Brian McCullough is an online/print editor who has worked at the Daily Local News for more than 20 years covering news and business. A Chester County native, McCullough is a graduate of Temple University. Reach the author at bMcCullough@dailylocal.com . Full bio and more articles by Brian McCullough Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Breaking News Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger ties Exclusive: North Korea's Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT Decisively re-elected, Rouhani defies hardliners, pledges to open Iran U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits TPP countries keep trade deal alive without Trump's U.S. Brazil's leader lambastes bribe accusations made by meat titans Passenger jet collides with truck at Los Angeles airport, injuring eight With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover Royal sister-in-law Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded British wedding Sun 21 May 2017 - 24 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Canada to be ‘firm’ in trade conflicts with US Canada to be ‘firm’ in trade conflicts with US Saturday 20th, May 2017 / 17:34 Written by Oman Observer in Business OTTAWA: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau vowed a “firm” and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. ‘‘We’re going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada’s interests,” he said. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. On Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, “we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests,” Trudeau said. “On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada’s companies… and workers.” On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa’s purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as “the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere.” Nafta negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. — AFP About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal International Coaching Week inspires personal and professional growth → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM greetings to Rouhani Fahd in Saudi to attend summits Sayyid Fahd in Saudi to take part in GCC-US Summit Businesses see shorter lean months this year Read More ... Facebook Twitter 41 minutes agoThe names of Omani children that are not line with Arabic traditions will be rejected by @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/vtHAwhzK8C 3 hours agoConsumerConfidence: #Oman market recovery hinges on announced projects in tourism, real estate and health… /t.co/07CIVwI7HS 4 hours agoObserve Omani culture when naming babies, failing which the name will be rejected, says @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/E8L8a1BXDv Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Menu More Awards Advertising Archives Local World Sport Opinion Samoana Entertainment Technology Videos Many questions about air transport 21 May 2017 248 Hits Mata'afa Keni Lesa And so Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sa’ilele Malielegaoi’s government has made a decision. After more than 12 years of working with Virgin Australia in the joint venture to operate Virgin Samoa, the government is pulling out. The decision was revealed in a letter from Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sa’ilele Malielegaoi to the Chief Executive Officer of Virgin Australia Pty Ltd, John Borghetti, leaked and published in your newspaper last week.  Dated 12 May 2017, the letter was straight to the point. Writes Tuilaepa: “Following numerous extensive discussions and negotiations held between VA and the Committee members of the Special Negotiating Team (“SNT”), Cabinet has unanimously decided not to re-new the Joint Venture (“JV”). “The Cabinet has decided that the current arrangements of the JV, is no longer the Direction that Government and ultimately Samoa should take at this time.”  Tuilaepa went on to acknowledge the Airline’s contribution. “I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the excellent work we have undertaken together to date, and I do sincerely hope we can still work together in the future,” he wrote. “We thank you for your services and hope we are able to do business again in the future.”  Now speaking of the unpredictable future, there is one thing for certain.  From where we stand today, it’s hard to imagine Virgin Australia and the government of Samoa having a future together. On top of this letter to Mr. Borghetti, Prime Minister Tuilaepa did not mince words when he was pressed about the issue during his weekly media conference. In a story titled “P.M. defends axing of Virgin” published the next day, Prime Minister Tuilaepa said the government’s decision is the best move for Samoa. Which is when he revealed the “future” in as far as Samoa is concerned. That is in the revival of Polynesian Airlines’ international operations. “We’ve been ready,” Tuilaepa said. “When you own your own airline, you can make your own polices about your airline which will reflect the policies of our country.”  Tuilaepa added that his government has “learned from our experience.” We certainly hope that is the case.  You see, it’s hard to disagree with the government’s grievances and its reasons for pulling away from Virgin Australia.  But its plan for Polynesian Airlines to resume international flights is an uncomfortable thought too. Which brings us to what we have always said everytime this topic is brought up. Unless this move has been thought out, planned and then have that plan implemented properly by the right people; this could be the final straw to break the camel’s back, given the precarious situation our economy is in. We should not forget that the last time Polynesian Airlines was operated in a similar manner – although on a much grander scale – the country was nearly bankrupted.  At one point when the airline had gone from one Boeing aircraft to a four-Boeing fleet, its debt had ballooned to “over $50 million” in aircraft leases. It was then that the risk of bankruptcy became very real and all the taxpayers of this country ended up shouldering the burden.  It is why we say the government’s decision is chilling and an uncomfortable thought. The worry is that from what we have seen, the government doesn’t seem to care at all about instances of corruption and collusion which have been clearly highlighted and proven by government initiated committees. Why is this important? We all know from the last time Polynesian Airlines operated international flights that there was a lot of corruption then. In fact, corruption and mismanagement was the deadly combination that dragged the airline to the mess it found itself in.  In Samoa today, there is not a lot to be confident about when it comes to the government’s track record in dealing with corruption.  So what guarantee do we have that this new Polynesian plan will not end up down that path? None.  Now with the economy in dire straits and our debt level skyrocketing, we would prefer to err on the side of caution and stay far, far away from taking unnecessary risks that could backfire and haunt this country forever. To be fair to the government, we understand that the current international air travel arrangements for Samoa are not exactly ideal.  And that includes expressed fear of collusion among the two biggest carriers flying in and out of Samoa to keep their profits high, thus punishing members of the public. We agree that such is a legitimate concern that must be addressed. But is reviving a beaten track we’ve trudged along before and faltered on the best way to go?  We again take this opportunity to urge the government to exercise caution. Keep in mind that even with this decision, there is nothing to stop Virgin Australia from flying to Samoa under an open sky policy. When that happens, you will again have Polynesian Airlines taking on Air New Zealand and Virgin Australia who are already an alliance by the way.  Who do you think is going to win there? Logistically, Polynesian Airlines does not have the marketing power and the pull the big networks and Airline Alliances such as Virgin and Air New Zealand have. Moneywise, who has the millions to pay for the set up costs?  We say this because we are under no illusion that this will cost millions of tala of taxpayers money.  Again, think of the cost for pilots, crew members, training, housing, transport, salaries and wages, start-up marketing costs, offices in New Zealand and elsewhere, aircraft parts, maintenance and more. Think of the volatile fuel costs. And if Polynesian enters a deal or deals with other airlines, the government will no doubt be asked to front up a guarantee and this will not be a few thousands. We’re talking millions again.  Now here is what history has taught us. When Polynesian Airlines last ventured into international flights, it made losses in the millions and taxpayers ended up paying dearly for it. It nearly bankrupted this country. Are we heading down that path again?  Tell me we are not. Have a restful Sunday Samoa, God bless! More in Editorial 62 Hits Road safety begins with you and me 330 Hits A Minister on the move 205 Hits We need to proceed with caution 265 Hits Crime wave, safety and unemployment 262 Hits Any improvement is great progress Latest News 49 Hits Pualele gives young stars taste of outrigger canoeing 46 Hits Women leading ocean action 65 Hits Mefiposeta’s love for his mother 52 Hits It’s all about the family Most Read 1283 Hits Ordination joy at Malua 832 Hits Samoa bids for Pacific Games 649 Hits English wedding: Pippa Middleton marries as royals look on 484 Hits Poly plan makes Governor nervous 199 Hits Cabinet confirms end of production for Yazaki Contact Other NEWSROOM news@sobserver.ws +685 23078 ADVERTISING sales@sobserver.ws +685 26977 ONLINE online@sobserver.ws +685 31929 Tusitala Short Story Competition Bella's Save A Child Fund © Samoa Observer 2016 Developed by Samoa Observer in Apia
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Education updated: 5/20/2017 5:19 PM District 155 to help students launch aviation career Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Video: 155 to offer aviation course Crystal Lake pilot Rob Nelson helped develop a new aviation course being launched by Crystal Lake High School District 155 this fall. Nelson, who owns Drone Training Pros, trains people getting their commercial drone license out of Lake in the Hills Airport. Brian Hill | Staff Photographer Nancy Blazyk of Crystal Lake, a former substitute teacher for Crystal Lake High School District 155 and a private pilot since 1986, does an instruments check on a plane at Lake in the Hills Airport. She helped make District 155's new ground school aviation curriculum more user friendly. Brian Hill | Staff Photographer Students interested in pursuing an aviation career will be able to take a pilot ground school course starting this fall in Crystal Lake High School District 155. Brian Hill | Staff Photographer   Madhu Krishnamurthy Follow @dh_madhuk     Being able to fly is a common childhood aspiration, but few get to realize that dream as adults. Students at Crystal Lake High School District 155's four schools, however, will have a unique opportunity to pursue a career in aviation. This fall the district will offer an elective course for students to earn Federal Aviation Administration private pilot ground school certification. related advertisement   District 155 is partnering with Lake in the Hills Airport and a local flight school to provide the aviation course, which will be taught by a commercial pilot and FAA-certified ground instructor. It's the first such program offered at a suburban high school. Officials hope it will be a blueprint for other high schools. "What we're trying to do is create as many workforce-focused opportunities for kids as possible," District 155 Superintendent Johnnie Thomas said. "We understand there is going to be a tremendous need for pilots in the future." Boeing estimates by 2035 the global aviation industry will need more than 2 million new commercial airline pilots, technicians and cabin crew. Rob Nelson, a Crystal Lake pilot, who initially approached District 155 about starting a high school aviation club and helped develop the new course, said that number included "jobs that kids really don't know about. For instance, becoming a dispatcher ... that's a career that starts at $45,000. Dispatchers are the captain of a flight before it takes off." Nelson, a pilot with more than 30 years experience, owns Drone Training Pros, which trains people getting their commercial drone license. He also is involved with youths in aviation as vice president of the Experimental Aircraft Association's Lake in the Hills chapter. Local pilots volunteer with the chapter's Young Eagles program to give kids their first aviation experience riding on a plane for free. But parents were asking for a more structured program, Nelson said. Brad Delisle, 27, of McHenry, a 2008 graduate of Crystal Lake Central High School and a pilot for SkyWest Airlines, helped put together District 155's new aviation course. He has more than 10 years experience with 3,100 flight hours logged. - Brian Hill | Staff Photographer Careers aplenty District 155's course will allow students to pursue careers including pilot, flight operations support, dispatcher, working for the FAA and National Transportation Safety Board. Students will learn the fundamentals of aviation, such as FAA flying regulations, airport operations, airspace, aeromedical factors, aeronautical decision making, weather reports, radio communication and risk management. The class will provide them with the necessary information to pass the Private Pilot Written Knowledge Test. There is no flying involved, but students will hear from representatives of Blue Skies flight school in Lake in the Hills about how they can get practical flight training. A person can fly a plane solo at 16 and get a private pilot's license at 17. "Not too many high schools around the country would offer a program like this," said Mike Carzoli, owner of Blue Skies Pilot Shop Inc. Lake in the Hills Airport Manager Michael Peranich said officials there have tried for years to get a college-level aviation course at the airport without any takers. "If we can get these kids interested in aviation at a younger age, they are more likely to pursue that on a longer term," he said. "Our hope is because these are local kids, they will learn to fly at one of the flight schools here. The more effort we put into making this a viable future for young folks ... it's basically self-preservation for the aviation industry as a whole." There also will be a lesson about drones to prepare students for getting an unmanned aircraft commercial operator license. Demand for drone pilots, who can get licensed at 16, is increasing, Nelson said, especially for agriculture, law enforcement, firefighting, emergency search and rescue services and municipal uses. Average hourly wages are $39 to $50. Students will pay $350 to take the course, which covers the instructor's fee, materials, pilot log books and the ground school basic knowledge test. Once-a-week classes will be offered starting Aug. 21 at Crystal Lake South High School. The two-hour night class runs for 18 weeks. It's the district's first night class, and students already are clamoring to get in, said Corey Tafoya, District 155 assistant superintendent of educational services. "We were going to cap the number of students at 30. We are going to exceed that cap," he said. "It really sets our student apart ... giving them a leg up when they go to college being a year ahead in the aviation track. What we are hoping is this course is kind of a springboard for them to pursue other options with area flight schools. It is a competitive arena, and they will recruit our students." Tweet This article filed under: News Lake in the Hills Education Crystal Lake High School District 155 Video Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope ↑ Grab this Headline Animator Sunday, May 21, 2017 | Last Update : 12:31 PM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks India, All India Indian firms to build military firepower soon THE ASIAN AGE. | SANJIB KR BARUAH Published : May 21, 2017, 12:55 am IST Updated : May 21, 2017, 12:55 am IST Top defence body clears policy which allows local firms to manufacture equipment through foreign partnerships.  Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: PTI) New Delhi: India has finalised its much-awaited defence policy to allow local private firms to build — through long-term foreign partnerships — high-tech equipment like submarines, fighter aircrafts and armoured vehicles.  The strategic partnership model, whose “broad contours” were finalised by the Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) on Saturday, may get the Cabinet’s approval this month itself, in a boost to the Centre’s effort to cut reliance on imports in matters of national security.  The defence ministry’s apex procurement panel, which usually meets once a month, has now met twice in a week, in a clear indication of the government’s keenness to push through the critical policy.  Saturday’s two-hour deliberations, chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley, reviewed ongoing acquisitions of military hardware and finalised “the broad contours of a policy aimed at engaging the Indian private sector in the manufacture of high-tech defence equipment in India”. The model is a government-led effort for a transparent and competitive process to seek technology transfers and manufacturing know-how and set up domestic manufacturing infrastructure and supply chains.  Foreign manufacturers such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, BAE Systems and Saab are looking to India as one of the biggest sources of future growth. India is forecast to spend $250 billion on modernisation of its armed forces over the next decade. A defence ministry power-point presentation on the subject says that while six Indian strategic partners will be shortlisted for each segment, preferably two or more global original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) will be identified for each segment. This will happen concurrently. “Even if one OEM is shortlisted, the process will be taken forward”, the document says. As of now, the policy is expected to be implemented in three segments — fighter aircraft, submarines and armoured vehicles. However, the defence ministry may “add more segments or subdivide the existing ones as the model matures”.  Finally, only one strategic partner will be selected per segment to maintain focus on core areas. While selecting the strategic partner, aspects like “willful default, debt restructuring and non-performing assets”, besides the technical and financial requisites, will be considered.  In the final run, the selection will be based on a combination of price bids and segment-specific capabilities of the companies, says the document prepared after extensive stakeholder consultations with the Indian industry. On the other hand, the degree of willingness of an OEM to conduct Transfer of Technology (ToT) to its Indian partner will be the main criterion in deciding whether the foreign company can qualify to partner an Indian company to manufacture military equipment. In evaluating ToT, considerations will include “range, depth and scope of technology transfer offered in identified areas, extent of indigenous content proposed, extent of eco-system of Indian vendors/manufacturers proposed, measures to support strategic partnership in establishing systems for integration of platforms, plans to train skilled manpower, and extent of future research and development planned in India”, the presentation said. The other critical criterion to be considered will be the willingness of the foreign company to help develop an ecosystem in India.  Tags: defence acquisition council, arun jaitley, fighter aircrafts MOST POPULAR 1 Cannes 2017: Sonam Kapoor's retro saree look will leave you stunned! 2 Can Google Assistant be trusted to send money? 3 Android beats iOS in app performance 4 Gordon Ramsay compares Priyanka's khichdi, chicken soup to 'dog's dinner' 5 These are the best Android Apps for 2017: Google more Editors' Picks Azlan Shah Cup 2017: India ride Mandeep Singh hat-trick to defeat Japan Hardik and Krunal Pandya buy new home in Mumbai IPL 10: Yuvraj Singh gives RCB sunstroke PV Sindhu breezes past Carolina Marin to clinch India Open Kuldeep Yadav stars as Australia all out for 300 more ALSO FROMEntertainment Gallery Aishwarya to walk the red carpet at Cannes today; can she better these looks from the past? Deepika Padukone is turning heads and having a ball at Cannes Screening time! Half Girlfriend and Hindi Medium teams watch their films Akshay supports Government initiative, Gauri designs sculpture on Maharashtra Day After Salman, now Aamir launches Asha Parekh's autobiography Vinod Khanna: Life and times of the actor-politician Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 - 2017 The Asian Age. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham
Home About Subscribe Promotions Advertise Contact Us May 21, 2017 Milwaukee Courier Weekly Newspaper "THE NEWSPAPER YOU CAN TRUST SINCE 1964" News Editorials Education Urban Business Health Religion Upcoming Events Classifieds Robot Revolution Exhibit Returns to Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago May 20, 2017 Popular robotics exhibit returns to Chicago as part of national tour The Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago (MSI) is bringing back its national touring exhibit, Robot Revolution, supported by Google.org with additional major support from The Boeing Company. It will open May 11, 2017 and run through February 4, 2018. Robot Revolution explores how robots, created by human ingenuity, will ultimately be our companions and colleagues, changing how we play, live and work together. The exhibit returns to Chicago, where it had its world premiere in 2015 at MSI, after exhibit runs at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science and the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia. The exhibit comes to life with a collection of cutting-edge robots secured from some of the most innovative global robotics companies and universities. Guests have extraordinary opportunities to interact with robots that have rarely been shown to the public before—including several new robots for its 2017 return. From Yume Robo, the climbing robot that traverses up and down a ladder, to the Recon Scout® Throwbot® XT that can literally be thrown into a dangerous situation to collect vital information— guests will be awed by the breakthroughs and capabilities of these machines. New robots include: • RoboThespian, a lifesized humanoid robot that greets guests at the entrance of the exhibit. • The Cube Solver, dazzling guests with its lightning-fast ability to solve a Rubik’s cube. • Hex, a hexapod robot, with six snakelike legs that navigates rough terrain. • Adept Lynx, a self-navigating industrial robot used in shipping factories. “Robotics is one of the most fascinating areas of science today because scientists and engineers are constantly pushing the boundaries of possibility,” said David Mosena, President and CEO of MSI. “We are thrilled to bring our original groundbreaking exhibit back to the Museum. We hope that the opportunity to interact with such a wide range of robots will help people understand how robots become an integral part in helping to improve our world and inspire the next generation of innovators.” MSI’s Robot Revolution exhibit development team worked with a renowned group of robotics experts to offer insight on exhibit content. This team of advisors includes lead advisor Dr. Henrik I. Christensen, KUKA Chair of Robotics at the College of Computing of Georgia Institute of Technology and executive director of the Institute for Robotics and Intelligent Machines, as well as Dr. Dennis Hong, professor and founding director of RoMeLa (Robotics & Mechanisms Laboratory) of the Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering Department at UCLA. The exhibit features four areas that delve into various aspects of robotics and offer specific handson activities with amazing robot specimens, as well as dynamic videos featuring Dr. Hong. Areas include: Cooperation: Discover how engineering breakthroughs are helping create robots that can work with humans effectively to enhance our lives. See EMYS mimic your own facial expressions with its advanced facial-coding technology. Get charmed by PARO®, the furry baby seal therapy robot, which has sensors that can respond to your touch. Try your hand at a surgical training simulation to see what it’s like to perform a robotic surgery. See a robot exoskeleton that augments physical strength and can be used by those who are paralyzed. Watch soccer ‘bots cooperate with each other as they compete in a game. Smarts: Identify how these machines are able to sense, plan and then act, while comparing and contrasting the ways in which humans and robots learn. ROBOTIS-OP is able to follow your face and make “eye” contact using its visual tracking software. The UR5 robot arm conceals an extraordinary ability to learn. Instead of writing code, you simply move the arm, and the robot learns to repeat the movements. Skills: Learn about the skills robots possess that mimic—and often surpass— human capabilities. Experiment with various advanced robot “grippers” to select and pick up objects. See how the Fanuc delta robot can select and sort items with precision and speed. A Yaskwawa/ Motoman dual-arm robot can challenge you to a game of 21, while Baxter, a robot developed to work alongside humans in factory settings, can play you and a friend in simultaneous games of tic-tac-toe. Locomotion: Explore the varieties of ways that robots can move and how they can offer humans access to places we can’t venture ourselves. Test ROBOTIS-MINI’s ability to put one foot in front of the other and control its balance. Learn how TOPY OSCAR can climb up and down stairs with its long rubber treads, and see demos of the bug-like RHex over uneven terrain. There is also a chance to create a ‘bot for yourself: Assemble the basic components of a robot using Cubelets and see what you can get it to do! Throughout Robot Revolution, hands-on elements, informative videos and thought-provoking questions enable guests to recognize the ways that robotics can better society. This exhibit will run at MSI May 11, 2017 through February 4, 2018. Robot Revolution is not included in Museum Entry and requires an additional timed-entry ticket, $12 for adults and seniors and $9 for children. “We believe it is vital to inspire the next generation of engineers and tech entrepreneurs so that we can continue to see technology change the world,” said Jim Lecinski, head of Google’s Chicago office. “Google is happy to support MSI’s Robot Revolution exhibit to make complex concepts accessible to kids of all ages and to get them excited about science, technology, engineering and math.” Robot Revolution is supported by Google.org with additional major support from The Boeing Company. Other funding provided by RACO Industrial, The David Bohnett Foundation, The Kaplan Foundation and United Airlines. MSI is grateful to the Japanese External Trade Organization (JETRO), the Institute for Electrical and Electronics Engineers–Robotics and Automation Society (IEEE RAS) and ITA, Inc. for their assistance with the development of this exhibit. The Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago (MSI), one of the largest science museums in the world, offers world-class and uniquely interactive experiences that inspire inventive genius and foster curiosity. From groundbreaking and award-winning exhibits that can’t be found anywhere else, to hands-on opportunities that make you the scientist—a visit to MSI is where fun and learning mix. Through its Center for the Advancement of Science Education (CASE), the Museum offers a variety of student, teacher and family programs that make a difference in communities and contribute to MSI’s larger vision: to inspire and motivate children to achieve their full potential in science, technology, medicine and engineering. Come visit and find your inspiration! MSI is open 9:30–4 p.m. every day except Thanksgiving and Christmas day. Extended hours, until 5:30 p.m., are offered during peak periods. The Museum is grateful for the support of its donors and guests, who make its work possible. MSI is also supported in part by the people of Chicago through the Chicago Park District. For more information, visit msichicago.org or call (773) 684-1414. Share: Facebook Tweet Email Print Popular Interests In This Article: Chicago, Museum of Science and Industry, Robot Revolution Read More - Related Articles Is Ending Segregation the Key to Ending Poverty? Upcoming Alzheimer’s Education Programs July 12 to 21 Slot Tournaments Thursdays and Saturdays in May at Potawatomi Memories in the Making Watercolor Painting Series Planned for Individuals with Memory Loss and Their Care Partners ‘Five Star Food & Wine Evening’ scheduled for Thursday, April 19 Connect With Us Become Our Fan On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Editorials Lena Taylor Leon D Young Rahim Islam Michael Bonds George Curry Journalists Mrinal Gokhale Dylan Deprey Taki S Raton Karen Stokes Eelisa Jones Topics Young Gifted & Black Salvation Army Upcoming Events Obituaries Milwaukee NAACP Politicians Pres. Barack Obama Gwen Moore Tom Barrett Milele A. Coggs Spencer Coggs Classifieds Job Openings Bid Requests Req Proposals Req Quotations Apts For Rent Contact Us Milwaukee Courier 2003 W. Capitol Dr. Milwaukee, WI 53206 Ph: 414.449.4860 Fax: 414.906.5383 Copyright © 2017 · News Pro Theme On Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in | Site built by Tony Farrell We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Neil deGrasse Tyson Talks Astrophysics and Space Investing With The Motley Fool Will we really visit Mars in our lifetimes? And if so, on whose spaceship? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 20, 2017 at 10:13AM A Harvard graduate, with a doctorate from Columbia and a post-doc from Princeton, Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson is a certified smart guy. So when I heard Dr. Tyson had a new book coming out, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry, I ran out to pick up a copy, thinking there might be some good information in there for investors looking to profit from the surging space industry in America. Turns out, I wasn't alone. Astrophysics for People in a Hurry is already a New York Times best-seller, and the No. 1 best-selling book on Amazon.com. And now I see why. Image source: Used with permission from W.W. Norton & Co.  After reading his book, I called up Tyson to see if he'd be willing to expand a bit on some of the ideas related to the business of space exploration, and how individual investors should be thinking about the big issues of our time: Elon Musk's planned Mars mission, the Trump administration's cuts in NASA funding, and asteroid mining, among others. Here are a few insights into these matters, courtesy of America's favorite astrophysicist. Thoughts on Mars Tyson recently joked on Reddit that before going to Mars himself, he'd want to see SpaceX CEO Elon Musk send his own mother there -- and bring her back alive. And so I asked him: Exactly what objections does he have to the idea of Musk undertaking a manned mission to Mars? As it turned out, his concerns were primarily of the economic variety. "History tells me there is no business model for" a private individual exploring a new world without government backing, explains Tyson, because "there are too many unknowns." Citing the original example of New World colonization, Tyson points out that "the British East India Company didn't discover America. Columbus did." For the East India Company to try to explore the New World before Columbus blazed the trail, says Tyson, "would have been an unwise investment," because they didn't know "where the trade winds are, and where are the hostiles and where are the friendlies." It was only after a government had provided the financing for Columbus' expedition, and he had returned with some hard facts on the New World, that private companies could develop a plan to profit from it. Tyson expects the colonization of Mars to follow a similar path. "If [Musk] thinks that he, or SpaceX, is going to build a ship and be the first man to go to Mars and have no government money involved, I don't buy that," argues Tyson, qualifying that, "if he does I will be surprised and shocked." The more likely scenario, says Tyson, is that Musk might build spaceships for NASA to use for Mars exploration -- hopefully cheaper than the ones that Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are trying to build. SpaceX might even take on the entire project as a contractor to NASA, running missions to Mars for a fee. But Tyson has serious doubts about SpaceX's ability to foot the bill for landing humans on Mars all on its own. (And I have to say, after learning what we have this year about the state of SpaceX's finances, Tyson may have a point.) Exploring the solar system in a time of deficit Of course, depending on the U.S. government to finance a trip to Mars gives rise to a whole new discussion. With the federal government in deficit and in debt, and with increasing amounts of what little money we bring in going to pay interest on the debt we've already racked up, it's debatable whether the government can afford a trip to Mars -- or even afford the International Space Station. Tyson touched on this point in Astrophysics for People in a Hurry, musing how, when contemplating the universe, one can sometimes forget that "uncounted people walk this Earth without food or shelter, and that children are disproportionately represented among them." And so I asked him: Is President Trump's proposal to cut NASA's $19.3 billion budget by approximately $200 million necessary to balance social spending against discretionary funding for space programs? His reply: "If by taking NASA's $19 billion we could solve all of poverty, then I would say, 'Go ahead. Do it.' But it's not. And if that $19 billion were half the budget, then I would agree that half is too much to spend on NASA. But it is actually less than half of one 1/100th of the budget. Just fourth-tenths of one penny on your tax dollar goes to NASA." Thinking long term What's more, Tyson highlights the risks of focusing too narrowly on immediate problems at the expense of longer-term solutions. He put it to me this way: Imagine a group of people who live in a cave, and in that cave they have problems. There's a shortage of food. There's a need for firewood. Outside the cave, there's a valley, and within that valley there may be edible plants, there may be trees. So one day a cave-dweller asks: "I wonder what's outside the cave?" But elders of the cave reply: "Before you go exploring outside the cave, first you've got to solve the problems inside the cave." And that could be a problem if the solutions to the cave's problems all lie outside the cave. Tyson wonders if this is the situation we face in America today. "We wage wars over resources on Earth," he says. "But the universe is a limitless source of resources. There are asteroids in space where these resources are not rare. They're common." Folks who insist we can't invest in space exploration are like the cave elders. They say we can't look to the stars for solutions, because we've got to "keep looking down at our Earth problems and solve those first." What's outside the cave? Here, Tyson touches on another idea of interest to investors. The center of an asteroid, says Tyson, could be a literal gold mine of rare-earth elements, of gold, of platinum, of iridium. If we could capture an asteroid and crack it open, says Tyson, we might find 1,000 pounds of precious metals inside, and bring those resources back to Earth -- and that would be very valuable. In fact, Tyson declares: "The man who first learns to mine asteroids and bring back their minerals to Earth will become the first trillionaire. There's no question about that in my mind." For that matter, he suggests, "It may be that what we're doing in space is a much simpler and valuable use of resources found in space than bringing them back down to Earth." For example, it costs NASA $10,000 a pint to carry water from Earth to space. But if you can harvest water from an asteroid, which is already in space, then every pint of water discovered in space saves NASA $10,000. "There's a huge business case to be made here," says Tyson. Tyson also sees a case to be made for the space tourism initiatives of folks like Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson and Blue Origin founder (and Amazon.com CEO) Jeff Bezos. Observing that well-heeled tourists have already proven willing to pay $20 million for visits to the International Space Station, Tyson wonders what might happen once someone offers to put tourists in orbit for $5 million, "or for $1 million, $500,000, or $100,000." "I think there is a marketplace there," muses Tyson. "Space is hard." So is investing in space Tyson sees multiple ways that the space industry could interest investors here on Earth, but, as the saying goes, "Space is hard." In a note hearkening back to Alan Greenspan's admonition about irrational exuberance, he does have one important warning for investors: "I worry that a profitable space industry may be farther away than people think. Space is expensive and it is dangerous," and profits are not guaranteed -- especially to early adopters. Nevertheless, he says, "I admire the visionaries who are moving this market forward. They will pull humanity's center of mass in the direction of exploration." Speaking of which, for fans of Tyson's television show StarTalk, the good doctor confides that filming of season 4 has already begun, and the show returns to the National Geographic Channel in the fall. Luckily, with Astrophysics for People in a Hurry in hand, investors have a lot of new ideas to mull over while we wait for him to return to the airwaves. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 20, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.76 up $3.36 (1.89%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $272.79 up $5.47 (2.05%) Read More 3 Top Bargain Stocks for Today Elon Musk Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation Latest Developments From the 3D Printing Industry Why Alphabet's Waymo Joined Forces With Lyft on Self-Driving Cars Who Will Replace the A-10 Warthog? Textron Has a 2-in-3 Chance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Neil deGrasse Tyson Talks Astrophysics and Space Investing With The Motley Fool @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Africa Today Comment Economic Divide Food for Thought Iran Iran Today Islam and Life On The News Line Pictures that Shake the World Press Plus The Sun Will Rise The Isle True Image Opinion Docs فارسی French فارسی French Iran ditches plan to buy Mitsubishi planes Sat May 20, 2017 9:2AM Home Iran Economy A Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation Mitsubishi MRJ90. Iran had planned to buy over two dozen planes from the Japanese industrial giant. Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan says Iran has forgone plans to buy passenger planes from Japan’s Mitsubishi.  The official first confirmed back in July 2016 that Iran sought to buy over two dozen planes from the Japanese industrial giant. Fakhrieh Kashan, however, said on Friday that “there is no chance of reaching an agreement with this company (Mitsubishi) at present and the purchase of aircraft from it is out of question.” Mitsubishi Aircraft – the aviation arm of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries - began market surveys into Iran in September 2015, four months before sanctions were lifted on the Islamic Republic, according to Japan’s Nikkei newspaper. The paper said at the time that flag carrier Iran Air was weighing to purchase 80 70-seat Mitsubishi Regional Jets and using them for domestic routes. Last week, Iran received four ATR 72-600s as part of a deal with the French manufacturer to buy 20 passenger planes. Iran Air finalized the deal with ATR last month for 20 twin-propeller aircraft worth $536 million at list prices, with an option to buy 20 more. The country has also signed billion-dollar deals with Boeing and Airbus to replace and upgrade its commercial fleet.   Airbus delivered three of the 100 airliners ordered by Iran earlier this year, including two long-haul A330s and a smaller A321, but Boeing's deliveries will not begin before 2018. Fakhrieh Kashan said Iranian airlines continue their efforts to buy commercial jets from international manufacturers. Iran's Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan “Ministry of Transportation is trying to cooperate with the companies which are open to providing finance possibilities and pave the way for reaching final agreements,” he said. Negotiations with other manufacturers for purchase of planes were also continuing, and there were “great hopes” that the talks would produce a final deal, Fakhrieh Kashan said, without specifying those companies. Brazil's Embraer, the world's third largest maker of commercial, is said to be aiming to sell at least 20 of its E-195 jets to the Islamic Republic under a deal estimated to be over $1 billion. Embraer said last November that it was awaiting a US license for the sale to Iran of sensitive jet engine technology in its planes.  Loading ...   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2017 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 21 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 21 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > World   Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau Share Tweet Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau NAFTA negoti­ations betwee­n Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formal­ly start in August­ By AFP Published: May 20, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email PHOTO: REUTERS OTTAWA: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau vowed a ‘firm’ and unwavering defense of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks, he said Friday. “We’re going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada’s interests,” he said. Ahead of NAFTA talks, US sets 20% duties on Canadian softwood lumber In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, “we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests,” Trudeau said. “On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada’s companies… and Canada’s workers.” On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa’s purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won’t terminate NAFTA treaty yet: White House The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as “the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere.” NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. Read more: Canada , Justin Trudeau , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories Justin Trudeau took his three-year-old to work and the pictures are heart-warming Three-year-old, Hadrien Trudeau is melting hearts just like his father has been What's in a name? Canada civil service tests name-blind hiring 'Blind hiring' is one of the strategies Canada's civil service is utilising to become more diverse and inclusive Canada to legalise recreational marijuana by mid-2018: report The legislation would be unveiled the week of April 10 and passed by July 2018 Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Zakir Naik granted Saudi citizenship by King Salman: reports 2 This Pakistani actor has been forced to become a labourer due to lack of work 3 Attack on Malala was staged, claims PTI MNA 4 Indian woman cuts off religious guru's penis over rape attempt 5 ‘How come sexual predators are working in PIA and nobody goes after them?’ 6 Melania Trump foregoes headscarf on Saudi Arabia trip 7 World's second-largest torrent site ExtraTorrent shuts down 8 Huma Abedin files for divorce as estranged husband pleads guilty to sexting 9 24-year-old found dead under mysterious circumstances after night out with friends in Karachi 10 Pakistan backed to spring surprises in Champions Trophy Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in WorldPictures of the day: May 20, 2017 © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings SEATTLE, WA – 20 May, 2017 – Santa Fe Artist Thom Ross Exhibits Historical Paintings of WWI Flying Aces at Bellevue Gallery. Thom Ross is known as the best living contemporary wild west painter in America. While his reputation has been made by his in depth knowledge, historical accuracy and a playful painting style of the wild west, his interests and additional subject matter doesn’t stop with just the west. He has exhibited a variety of historical events from Spartacus and the Shackelton Exhibition to the original Indiana Jones, Roy Chapman Andrews in the Gobi Desert. This NEW exhibit debuting in Bellevue Washington, revels around the unknown men who were flying aces of WWI. Who: Thom Ross Born in San Francisco in 1952, He has had a lifelong interest in American History and the “folk hero” who is a product of that history and has long been the motivating force behind his work. His emphasis however is focused on the historical “folk hero” as compared to the mythical “folk hero”. (An example of the historical folk hero would be Jesse James, a mythical folk hero would be Paul Bunyan; one actually existed while the other is a product of tall tales. His desire is to produce a work of art that requires the viewer to re-examine either what he knows about history, or what he thinks he knows about history. Ross has done paintings of Indians playing croquet; Indians playing ping pong; A camel walking through the deserts of Arizona with a human skeleton strapped to his back; An outlaw member of Butch Cassidy’s “Wild Bunch” gang in the quick draw stance of the gunfighter where his opponent is a skunk; General Custer standing next to his pet pelican or The Red Baron dropping candy above the school yard of his younger brother; and each of these images is based on an actual incident! By presenting such startling images, which are based in fact, it causes a unique reaction in the viewer. What: Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” is a NEW body of work debuting in Bellevue Washington and Boeing country, the unknown and uncelebrated WWI Flying Aces and their stories. Young and duty bound, these men (boys) took to the skies for their countries and experienced immortal feelings as they soared the wild blue yonder. Decked out in there stiff uniforms covered in buttons and buckles, these boys wear the uniform that suggests invincibility and we all know that that is a lie. This Exhibit puts a face behind the propeller. Where: Gunnar Nordstrom Gallery (adjacent to Bellevue Square on the property of the Hyatt Regency Hotel at Bellevue Place), 800 Bellevue Way NE, Suite 111, Bellevue, WA 98004 (425) 283-0461. (www.gunnarnordstrom.com) Free parking available under the Hyatt Regency at Bellevue Place. When: Opening Night and Meet the Artist Vernissage – Wednesday June 14, 2017 6:00-8:00 pm June 14 – July 8 Details: Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” – WWI Flying Aces and their Stories. If you click on any “military aviation art” site you will see that the artists focus exclusively on the planes. Maybe the pedestrian collector likes this approach…..but you will never see a painting of the men who actually FLEW those machines, regardless of the circumstances and Thom Ross is changing that. If you look at a painting of a B-17 and MAYBE you see a pin-prick dot that represents the pilot or co-pilot…and that’s pretty much it where the pilot and the crew are concerned. They don’t bury B-17’s in Arlington, they bury the men who FLEW those B-17’s in Arlington. It is all about the people with me and this current Exhibit at the Gunnar Nordstrom Gallery. Indeed, you will notice that the planes, themselves, are hardly ever the focus of the painting. Behind all that machinery and military glory etc. beat the heart of a human and THAT is the strongest angle of this body of work….putting a face behind that propeller, behind those machine guns, behind those goggles. Ross has placed actual medals (some being vintage WWI medals!) on the paintings of Ball (an Englishman) and Voss (a German). That tiny piece of bronze is what these poor guys got for risking their lives (and for losing their lives; Ball’s VC was awarded to him after he was dead for God’s sake!) There has to be some sense of humanity behind this otherwise grim and tragic reality….and not just another blurry, ancient black-and-white photo from 1917…..but a vibrant, contemporary colorful painting of these BOYS who were doing these things as they were about to turn from boys into men and, as his paintings show, very few of them made that transition.  Without the humanity that carnage has no meaning. Ross was watching “Saving Private Ryan” the one night and they do not shy away from the carnage of that war……but they wrap it around the shoulders of characters who the viewer comes to know and like and, indeed, admire. And when they are killed, it isn’t a slight wound that allows our dying hero to recite heroic words and to express his “love for Laura” or whatever before dying. Death here is all-to-real. Werner Voss and Albert Ball as ART………which, of course, they are. Some of these paintings of Ross’ show that confident, immortal feeling that these KIDS had…….they dreamed of flying into the skies where it was the other fellow who got shot down. This can be seen as these boys are seen decked out in their stiff military uniforms covered in buttons and buckles, the even stiffer German hats, or the jauntily placed cap perched on the head of a doomed Brit……these boys wear the uniform that suggests invincibility and we all know that that is a lie. Yet here Ross honors them, fliers from both sides, for that singular quality of what we call “the right stuff”, regardless of how misplaced it may appear to us now. People like him today can find meaning in these long-dead fliers….and it is that spark that burned in them which must be acknowledged and, in his case here, honored. Like Thom Ross said, put a face behind the propeller. Narrative: Nairobi – January 2017 “Flying north from Nairobi I spotted an enormous mountain in the distance off to the west, its presence being only the gleaming of the sunlight off its snowy peak. I imagined the steep, volcanic slopes covered in broken lava and struggling vegetation; eagles and hawks wheeling on the thermals. How many millions of years ago did it vomit up its molten belly? My mind kept wandering and my imagination was working overtime. I tapped the pilot on his arm and gestured over the roaring engine to the faint shimmer in the distance. The pilot spoke just one word before returning his gaze to the dials and charts; he said simply, -Cloud-.” “Yesterday we flew along the eastern edge of Lake Victoria; below us, the dhows on the lake could be identified by their classic triangular sails. Ahead of us stood the later afternoon thunder heads. To avoid having to climb over them, the pilot flew into the clouds…” Annœullin, France – May 1917 Albert Ball flew into a cloud… In his short time at the front he had shot down 44 German planes and was England’s leading ace at the time.  Ball had developed his own style of combat and the Germans feared him as much as they respected him. But now, here, at the end, the stress was weighing on him and those who knew him (and survived) remember his pacing, the constant stream of cigarettes, and his long hours alone in his hand-made hut playing his violin. Towards the end he began to carry aloft a pistol. He was afraid that if his S.E.5 was hit in the engine it might ignite the heavy varnish which they used to coat the canvas of his plane; he would rather shoot himself than burn to death while falling to earth. On this day in May, 2017, his last day, pursued by German fighters he sought refuge in the clouds. Apparently he became disoriented and some advanced German scouts saw his plane plummet, untouched, to the ground. When they got to the wreckage Ball was dead; he was only 20. “Moments later we flew out of the clouds and saw the Serengeti far below us stretching for as far as we, and Albert Ball, could see.” TR Photos of artwork available on request – contact Gunnar Nordstrom at gunnarnordstrom@gmail.com 425-283-0461 or Thom Ross at raven2444@aol.com 505-466-6717 Media Contact Company Name: Gunnar Nordstrom Gallery Contact Person: Gunnar Nordstrom Email: gunnarnordstrom@gmail.com Phone: 425-283-0461 Country: United States Website: www.gunnarnordstrom.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts & Entertainment, Celebrity, Home & Garden, Lifestyle, Living Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Next PostNext Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Search Recent Posts Foresters Financial, KaBOOM! and Volunteers Create More Ways for Kids to Play at Hawkins Field Pool Safely and Michael Phelps Foundation Announce Partnership to Help Families Stay Safer In and Around Pools and Spas Matthew Whitaker, Teen Piano Prodigy, Headlines 3rd Annual National Blind Idol Semi-Finals in Raleigh, North Carolina. G77 in Key Role Drafting Treaty on Marine Resources BUYINS.NET: GLT SqueezeTrigger Price is $18.21. There is $10,755,549 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE News notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home india world sports weird FOR YOU Trending Indian Army Wants To Have Its Own 'Air Force' With Heavy-Duty Attack Helicopters 3.8K SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > News > india Indian Army Wants To Have Its Own 'Air Force' With Heavy-Duty Attack Helicopters Rajat Pandit May 20, 2017 3.8K SHARES The Army has now strongly revived its old quest for a "mini air force" of its own, in a move that has been bitterly opposed by the IAF in the past. toi/representational image The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps geared for rapid armoured thrusts into enemy territory. For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for the acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract" to the earlier Rs 13,952 crore deal inked for 22 such choppers for the IAF. "The procurement proposal is likely to be considered by the defence acquisitions council (DAC) in its meeting to be chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday," said a defence ministry source. toi/representational image The Army is in a hurry because the "50% repeat order option", with the same terms and conditions, can be exercised only till September 28 since the original contract was inked on that date in 2015. One part of that "hybrid" deal had been inked with Boeing for the choppers, while the other for its weapons, radars and electronic warfare suites was signed with the US government. Apart from the 22 Apaches to be delivered to IAF from July 2019 onwards, the contract also involves acquisition of 812 AGM-114L-3 Hellfire Longbow missiles, 542 AGM-114R-3 Hellfire-II missiles, 245 Stinger Block I-92H missiles and 12 AN/APG-78 fire-control radars. Even during the procurement process for the 22 Apaches, the Army had demanded their "ownership and control" because helicopter gunships are used as the "air manoeuvre arm" of ground forces to target enemy infantry and tanks the world over. afp/representational image The Army believes it should have "full command and control" over "tactical air assets" for rapid deployment along with its strike corps, while the IAF should concentrate on its "larger strategic role". Don't Miss South Africa's Legendary Fielder Jonty Rhodes Is In Love! Who With? The Country India As He Prepares To Leave India, Aussie And Pune Skipper Steve Smith Has An Emotional Message... In A First, Kerala Makes Sanitary Napkin Vending Machines Mandatory In All Schools 46.6K SHARES This Man Turned Filth-And-Waste-Packed Versova Beach Into Clean Hangout Place In Just 85 Weeks 30.6K SHARES 23-YO Kerala Law Student Chops Off Genitals Of 'Godman' Who Sexually Abused Her For Eight Years 30.3K SHARES The IAF, in turn, had contended it should retain all attack and medium-lift helicopters because it would be "very expensive" if the Army duplicated efforts and resources by getting its own "little air force". The then UPA government had ruled that the first 22 Apaches would go to IAF to add to its two existing, but ageing, squadrons of Russian-origin Mi-25/35 attack helicopters. But it also held "future" procurements of attack helicopters would be for the Army, granting "in principle approval" to its case for raising three squadrons (13 choppers each) for the strike formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps (Bhopal). ap/representational image "Army Aviation Corps, raised in 1986, has over 250 Chetak/Cheetah light choppers and Dhruv advanced light helicopters. It should also get attack helicopters now since their control by IAF is a sub-optimal arrangement," said a senior officer. The Army's long-term plans include three helicopter squadrons (armed/attack, reconnaissance and tactical lift) each for all its 14 corps as well as "a flight" of five fixed-wing aircraft each for its six regional or operational commands. Originally Published In The Times Of India 3.8K SHARES PROMOTED STORIES CRITICSUNION 10 TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Stars CrazyFreelancer 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World MILAAP Rare Disorder that stunts mental growth! Mumbai Properties Godrej new project launch at Kandivali (East) Viral Vacation Ideas Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Milaap My little Daughter is drowning from within! just in india Mathunny Mathews Aka Toyota Sunny, Who Saved 1.7 Lakh Indians During Kuwait War And Inspired 'Airlift', Dies At 81 Partner 10.9K SHARES Yummy Cold Brew Flavours That Are A Global Rage This Summer india 659 SHARES Mumbai Teen Saves 9-Year-Old Boy From Sexual Harassment And Together They Get His Tormentor Arrested The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Guys Are Obsessed With This "007 Inspired" Polo... Partner 4.9K SHARES Selfie Decode: Your Personal Selfie Style Can Reveal A Lot About Your Personality weird 11 Famous People With Weird Eating Habits That Are Sure To Leave You Stunned india Election Commission Announces EVM Challenge, Kerala Rape Victims' Revenge And Other Must Reads india 8.8K SHARES This 24-YO Student Has Spent Her Last Ten Vacations Collecting Funds To Educate Deprived Girls india 598 SHARES An 1888 Hailstorm That Killed 246 People In Moradabad Listed Among All-Time Deadliest Weather Events In World Soldiers: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sushmita Sen Created History On This Day 23 Years Ago When She Won The Miss Universe Crown! Shobhita Dutt 64.6K SHARES celebscoop Like A Princess Straight Out Of A Disney Film, Aishwarya Owned The Cannes Red Carpet Garima Satija 45.9K SHARES celebscoop These 11 Pictures Of Deepika Padukone Rocking The Cannes Red Carpet On Day 2 Define Perfection Isha Sharma 45.7K SHARES Ad Start Your Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life insura.. Gerber Life Insurance Company india Another Progressive Step Towards A Better India, Kerala To Host Its First Transgender Pageant Isha Sharma 29.8K SHARES celebscoop Big B & Rishi Kapoor Will Share Screen Space After 26 Years, To Play Father-Son In 102 Not Out Garima Satija 29.2K SHARES celebscoop Proud Parents Lisa Haydon & Dino Lalvani Introduce Baby Boy Zack In A Cute Family Picture Garima Satija 18.7K SHARES Ad Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain Cancer Milaap bollywood It Feels Like I Have Lost A Mother Again, Says Sanjay Dutt On Reema Lagoo's Sudden Demise Isha Sharma 15.4K SHARES Sports 7 Facts You Must Know About Team India's Yorker King Jasprit Bumrah Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 10.2K SHARES Entertainment The Queen Of Cannes, Aishwarya Rai Has Arrived & She Already Owned It With Her First Two Looks Garima Satija 15K SHARES Ad Learn about a Unique Delivery of Migraine Medication AD BY AVANIR © 2016 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc, All Rights Reserved. Avanir is a trademark or Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Defence LATEST NEWS IPL 2017 final: Mumbai Indians bank on pedigree to break Rising Pune Supergiant jinx Government begins star rating of industrial training institutes Child slavery down in India but child abuse up: Nobel Laureate Kailash Satyarthi Coal scam: Dishonest misrepresentation before ex-PM Manmohan Singh, says Court Three Indian brands among world's top 50 luxury goods companies GST to cut inflation by 2%, create buoyancy in economy: Hasmukh Adhia Here's how these Haryana girls brought the govt to its knees Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy Modi sarkar@3AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt ET Home›News›Defence 04:05 PM | 19 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,46530.13 NIFTY 50 9,428-1.55 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,648-57.0 USD/INR 64.64-0.21 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Army demands its own 'Mini Air Force' to target enemy infantry and tanks By Rajat Pandit , TNN | May 20, 2017, 10.47 AM IST Post a Comment For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract". Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW DELHI: The Army has now strongly revived its old quest for a "mini air force" of its own, in a move that has been bitterly opposed by the IAF in the past. The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps geared for rapid armoured thrusts into enemy territory. For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract" to the earlier Rs 13,952 crore deal inked for 22 such choppers for the IAF. "The procurement proposal is likely to be considered by the defence acquisitions council (DAC) in its meeting to be chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday," said a defence ministry source. The Army is in a hurry because the "50% repeat order option", with the same terms and conditions, can be exercised only till September 28 since the original contract was inked on that date in 2015. One part of that "hybrid" deal had been inked with Boeing for the choppers, while the other for its weapons, radars and electronic warfare suites was signed with the US government. Apart from the 22 Apaches to be delivered to IAF from July 2019 onwards, the contract also involves acquisition of 812 AGM-114L-3 Hellfire Longbow missiles, 542 AGM-114R-3 Hellfire-II missiles, 245 Stinger Block I-92H missiles and 12 AN/APG-78 fire-control radars. Even during the procurement process for the 22 Apaches, the Army had demanded their "ownership and control" because helicopter gunships are used as the "air manoeuvre arm" of ground forces to target enemy infantry and tanks the world over. The IAF, in turn, had contended it should retain all attack and medium-lift helicopters because it would be "very expensive" if the Army duplicated efforts and resources by getting its own "little air force". The then UPA government had ruled that the first 22 Apaches would go to IAF to add to its two existing, but ageing, squadrons of Russian-origin Mi-25/35 attack helicopters. But it also held "future" procurements of attack helicopters would be for the Army, granting "in principle approval" to its case for raising three squadrons (13 choppers each) for the strike formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps (Bhopal). "Army Aviation Corps, raised in 1986, has over 250 Chetak/Cheetah light choppers and Dhruv advanced light helicopters. It should also get attack helicopters now since their control by IAF is a sub-optimal arrangement," said a senior officer. The Army's long-term plans include three helicopter squadrons (armed/attack, reconnaissance and tactical lift) each for all its 14 corps as well as "a flight" of five fixed-wing aircraft each for its six regional or operational commands. (This article was originally published in The Times of India) Comments(0)Add Comments Army demands its own 'Mini Air Force' to target enemy infantry and tanks To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Pakistan army contacts Indian army over safety of census workers Investigating video showing youth tied to army jeep: Army India, Sri Lanka hold army-to-army talks Army ready to counter ceasefire violations: Jaitley Army vows unprecedented retribution for the killing of Kashmiri officer READ MORE ONBoeingArun JaitleyArmy Aviation CorpsArmyambalaAir IndiaAir Force Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times A family ready to give up everything for her! Milaap Godrej new project launch at Kandivali (East) Mumbai Properties Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas My little Daughter is drowning from within! Milaap "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high Construction firms to get a fillip from arbitration gains Flying licence of Air Pegasus suspended Modi greets nation on Air Force Day Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented View: Possibility of Modi's second innings looms large Challenge Narendra Modi's 'faking news' on social media: Digvijaya Singh BJP will better its performance in 2019 polls : Amit Shah A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017 China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: How India lost an opportunity More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMI vs KKR|Half Girlfriend Review RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Top Entrepreneurs’ Advice → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Could Seattle’s Life Science Expertise Support Clean Meat Industry? Benjamin Romano May 18th, 2017 @bromano @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Seattle —  The Pacific Northwest has the ingredients and the recipes for innovation in animal-free meats and proteins—but entrepreneurs and investors here have yet to don the chef’s toque. An event at the University of Washington’s CoMotion innovation transfer arm on Monday seeks to gauge interest among would-be innovators in the clean meat and plant-based protein. Advocates have touted the growing industry’s myriad benefits for human and animal health and well being. Co-sponsored by advocacy group the Good Food Institute, the evening panel discussion will help CoMotion determine whether food innovation should be an area of emphasis, alongside its more mature efforts to support startup companies in industries such as virtual and augmented reality, life sciences and medical devices, and software and IT. CoMotion sees its role here as convening the community and exposing interested people to experts in the field, says Elizabeth Scallon, associate director of CoMotion Labs. “We think there’s a lot of potential social impact that can come from this, as well as economic development for our region,” she says. The question is whether entrepreneurs will respond. “What is the appetite in our community here in Seattle to dive into this nascent industry?” Scallon says. “And at that point we could re-evaluate what services and what effort we could put behind it.” Christie Lagally is a senior scientist with the Good Food Institute, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit that promotes a shift away from animal agriculture—factory farming in particular—and toward clean meat and plant-based proteins through policy advocacy, market development, and entrepreneurship support. Lagally, a former Boeing engineer, is based in Seattle and joins Hampton Creek Foods co-founder Josh Balk, New Crop Capital partner Chris Kerr, and Amy Webster of the Forward Food Program at the event Monday. Lagally is well-versed in the necessary ingredients for innovation in clean meat and plant-based meats. She says Seattle, and Washington state more broadly, have them in spades. For clean meat, which is animal tissue grown outside of an animal, the requisite skills include cell biology, tissue engineering, tissue culturing. University of Washington’s School of Medicine and Bioengineering Department are a source of people with these skills, Lagally notes. But the region has another important strength: manufacturing and scale-up expertise. She cites companies such as Boeing and its suppliers, as well as Amazon, with its network of enormous fulfillment centers. “What we’re looking for in the food industry, as opposed to previous applications of bioengineering or biomedical research, is volume,” Lagally says. Good Food Institute senior scientist Christie Lagally, with her dog, Toby. To manufacture clean meat or plant-based proteins at a volume sufficient to get noticed in the enormous food industry, innovators will have to combine manufacturing-at-scale—with a heavy automation component, no doubt—with the wet work of tissue engineering. The San Francisco Bay Area has this expertise, too, and has parlayed it into a growing, well-funded cluster of startups developing and marketing clean meat and plant-based proteins. Washington, however, has something the Bay Area doesn’t, Lagally says. The state is a major producer of pulses—dry beans, dry peas, lentils, and chickpeas—which are key ingredients in plant-based protein products. Washington is the national leader in chickpea production and farmers here are expected to plant 150,000 acres of chickpeas, up 39 percent from last year, as people seek out hummus and other food products made from pulses for their nutritional benefits, according to National Agricultural Statistics Services data provided by the USA Dry Pea and Lentil Council. All that said, Lagally can point to only one example of a local company innovating in this industry—and it’s been doing it for 20 years. The Field Roast Grain Meat Company was founded in Seattle in 1997 by brothers David and Richard Lee, starting with three varieties of vegetarian grain “meat” loaves. The company’s meat-free Frankfurters made their debut at Safeco Field, home of the Seattle Mariners, in 2011, and can now be found in ballparks around the country. This baseball season, Safeco began selling another alternative to traditional meat protein: Oaxacan chapulines—fried grasshoppers from Seattle Mexican restaurant Poquitos—and they’ve been a hit. The willingness of eaters here to experiment is perhaps another reason this could be a receptive market for meat-free food innovations—or an indication that Seattle sports fans are willing to try anything to distract themselves from what’s happening on the diamond. Benjamin Romano is editor of Xconomy Seattle. Email him at bromano [at] xconomy.com. Follow @bromano Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME WA Life Sciences Industry Faces Future of Diminished State Support Seattle’s Life Science Disruptors Take The Stage on May 2 Don’t Miss Your Chance to Save on Seattle’s Life Science Disruptors Trending on Xconomy Bio Leaders Mourn Passing of Genzyme Exec, Orphan Drug Innovator Termeer Stifling Immigration Is “Retrograde”: Highlights From “What’s Hot” Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X NY Biotech Seizes the Momentum Find out what needs to be done to maximize the biotech momentum on May 31! May 31, 2017 Register now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers Silatronix: Commercializing innovative battery technology Company taps Wisconsin resources, talent and industry giants Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News 141 killed in south Libya airbase attack Iraqi officials: Car bombings in Baghdad kill 11 people Business Standard Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau AFP  |  Ottawa  May 20, 2017 Last Updated at 02:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlORo ALSO READ Canada wants to keep free trade with US: PM Trudeau Canada reprisals over lumber tariffs 'inappropriate': US Boeing wants dumping probe against Canada's Bombardier EU Parliament votes on contested Canada trade deal US will aggressively enforce trade rules: Ross Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Canada | Free Trade | Government | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks ... Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today World Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 21 2017 - 12:37PM Save Print Saudis want end to Obama policies and think Trump can give them a new America Michael Shear and Peter Baker 56 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Riyadh: With trumpets blaring, cannons booming and fighter jets streaking overhead trailed by red, white and blue contrails, US President Donald Trump arrived in the scorching heat of the Arabian desert Saturday hoping to realign the politics and diplomacy of the Middle East by forcefully reasserting US support for Sunni Muslim countries and Israel against Iran's Shiite-led government. The start of Trump's first trip abroad since becoming President - amid the scandals and chaos engulfing his administration - was intended to be a blunt rejection of president Barack Obama's vision for the region. Obama sought a reconciliation with Iran and negotiated a deal intended to keep Tehran from developing nuclear weapons. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:49 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:19 Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at ... Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress are showing signs of going their own way, both on politics and policy, in the wake of one of the most difficult weeks of any American presidency. Up Next Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:49 Video duration 00:49 Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in ... Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia US President Donald Trump and White House officials take part in a ceremonial sword dance in Saudi Arabia. Up Next Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Disruptive passenger escorted off plane ... Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu A man is handcuffed and led off a plane in Honolulu on Friday after passengers helped duct-tape him to his seat and fighter jets escorted the flight to the airport. Up Next Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:20 Video duration 00:20 Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted A Qantas jet flying from Los Angeles to Melbourne has been turned around two hours after take off when sparks were seen coming from an engine. Vision: Channel 7. Up Next Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Pippa Middleton and her new husband James Matthews wave to the crowds as they leave their wedding ceremony on Saturday. Up Next Three victims critical in Times Square attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:11 Video duration 01:11 Three victims critical in Times Square ... Three victims critical in Times Square attack A man accused of driving into a crowd of Times Square pedestrians with his car, killing one of them, has made his first appearance in court. Police say three of his victims remain in critical condition. Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has apologised after remarking that Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter, would defend Trump after he 'Took a dump on his desk'. More videos Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress are showing signs of going their own way, both on politics and policy, in the wake of one of the most difficult weeks of any American presidency. The day proved to be almost everything a besieged White House could have wanted.  The President stayed rigorously on script and restrained himself on Twitter. His staff boasted about the business deals being signed, and the visual images beamed to Americans back home showed a President seemingly in command of a world stage. The Saudis treated him like royalty, with red carpets, lavish meals and American flags flying everywhere. They repeatedly used the word "historic" to describe his visit, gave him a medal and projected a multi-storey image of his face on the side of the palatial Ritz-Carlton hotel where he was staying. Related Content Trump fans premature 'mission accomplished' on Islamic State and the Middle East Detained Saudi sisters defying rule of male guardians For Trump, the warm embrace by the Saudi monarchy was a welcome break from the cascade of bad news in Washington. Even as Air Force One took off from a Maryland air base Friday afternoon, headlines revealed new details about the swiftly expanding investigation into ties between Russia and Trump's advisers. But the President at least initially resisted the temptation to deviate from his diplomatic script to address reports that he had referred to James Comey, the former FBI director, as "a nut job" during meetings with Russian officials in the Oval Office. Advertisement At his news conference, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he did not have "any information or knowledge" about an unnamed White House official reported by The Washington Post to be a person of interest to investigators in the Russia case. Trump announced a nearly $US110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia as evidence of a renewed commitment to the security of the Persian Gulf region. The package includes precision weaponry that Obama had held up over concerns that it would be used to kill civilians in the war in neighbouring Yemen, as well as an anti-missile system. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Images of Donald Trump and King Salman and the flags of the United States and Saudi Arabia are projected onto the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh. Photo: New York Times A forum bringing together US and Saudi corporate executives Saturday also produced a series of multibillion-dollar deals. Among them: Lockheed Martin signed a $US6 billion letter of intent to assemble 150 Black Hawk helicopters in Saudi Arabia, and General Electric announced projects it valued at $US15 billion. Critics said the last thing the region needed was more arms. "In the powder keg that is the Middle East, this sale may simply light a fuse that sends the region, and us, deeper down the rabbit hole of perpetual military conflict," Connecticut senator Chris Murphy wrote on HuffPost. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson shakes hands with a Saudi dignitary. The defence firm signed a $US6 billion letter of intent to build 150 Black Hawk helicopters in the kingdom. Photo: AP In 2014, before becoming a candidate for the White House, Trump wrote on Twitter: "Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s. Pay up!" On Sunday, he is scheduled to deliver a speech that White House aides described as a call to Saudi Arabia and the rest of the Muslim world to unite against extremism. One senior White House official said the President hoped to "reset" both the global fight against Islamic terrorism and his own reputation for intolerance of Muslims, which was fuelled by his campaign call for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States". SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump looks at an artwork that evokes a magnet and the Kaaba in Mecca, Islam's holiest site, before meeting with King Salman. Photo: AP Trump's royal hosts have chosen to ignore that history in the interests of working with a President who seems to share their goals and will not lecture them about repression of women or minority Shiites in Saudi Arabia, or its brutal conduct of the war in Yemen. "Traditional Arab allies welcome the US back because they believe it is largely on their terms: a US that is clearly anti-Iran and anti-political Islam, a US that de-emphasises political reform and human rights, a US that is in business mode and a White House that seems more accessible than in the past eight years," said Emile Hokayem, a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies. But Hokayem said Arab leaders might be in for a surprise over the long run. "There is a lot of projection and wishfulness in the Gulf view of Trump's America," he said. "There is plenty of inflated expectations." New York Times Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Saudis want end to Obama policies and think Trump can give them a new America. Advertisement Most Popular Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … Trump signs 'tremendous' deals with Saudi Arabia on his first day overseas A certain kind of freedom China stifled US spying by killing CIA informants Australian woman 'strip-searched and jailed' in Hawaii Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Descent into paranoia preceded Times Square rampage A certain kind of freedom Trump signs 'tremendous' deals with Saudi Arabia on his first day overseas Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … Australian woman 'strip-searched and jailed' in Hawaii WA Today Severe weather warning for Perth and the South West WA ambos stood down for 'refusing to attend incident' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Man chokes on sausage, crashes car Our parents all gave us the name Isabella, should we thank them? The Sydney Morning Herald Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' Melania Trump takes centre stage in Saudi Arabia Michael and Lindy Klim's divorce turns hostile Melbourne-bound Qantas flight from Los Angeles aborted Teen kept captive and sexually assaulted after high school formal: court The Age Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Michael and Lindy Klim's divorce turns hostile Melania Trump takes centre stage in Saudi Arabia Wet leaves on tram tracks: Why autumn's worst for trams Brisbane Times Paniyiri Festival losing community focus as expansion continues Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' The man in the shadows who cost scores of Australians their solar dream CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Thousands of flu cases prompt call for vaccinations Canberra Times Mobile speed camera revenue doubles in 12 months Intractable errors in child restraint use putting lives at risk Our parents all gave us the name Isabella, should we thank them? Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Emergency response Werribee Gorge rescue: Three women stuck, SES unit helping them find their way out Roof damaged Taylors Hill garage fire guts part of residential home Expert panel Trade union experts to hash out a Victorian jobs road map Baby bliss Rebeccah Cloke shares her first baby bump photo Alive and well Police call for public assistance after family goes missing weekend of planned bushwalk Radio King Radio king Ross Stevenson is taking on television with a new food and travel show Most read Sunday Herald Sun the most-read Sunday newspaper in the state Police chase Police dog bites man after car and foot chase in Gippsland, Cranbourne Traffic chaos St Kilda Rd works for Metro Tunnel project to cause traffic snarls Naturally gifted Friends, family remember Dean McGrath a talented boxer, “beautiful boy” Engine drama Qantas flight from Los Angeles forced to land after engine caught fire Fashion police Women turned away from prison visits by fashion police Orphaned boys Boys orphaned after losing both parents to cancer within months of each other Hurt neck Match called off after Rushworth Football Club player suffers suspected neck injury Fighting bigotry Melbourne Grammar School student makes history by coming out at school assembly Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:02 GMT, May 21, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica 8 injured at LAX after passenger jet rams into truck on landing Published time: 21 May, 2017 01:15 Get short URL © Bennett Sell-Kline / YouTube A Boeing 737 packed with passengers rammed into a utility truck on the runway of the Los Angeles International Airport, causing the vehicle to roll over. Eight people on board the truck were injured in the mishap, two of them seriously. Off the plane, that was an interesting experience. Hope everyone is OK. #AM642#aeromexico#LAXpic.twitter.com/jwM65oLMgD— Bennett Sell-Kline (@bskphoto) 20 мая 2017 г. PHOTOS Aeromexico #AM642 Boeing 737-800 struck catering truck; flipped it. 6 people hurt, 1 critical. #LAX#LosAngeles 📷@JoeStudleypic.twitter.com/99Yn1IVTh8— Tom Podolec CTV News (@TomPodolec) 20 мая 2017 г. The bizarre collision took place on Saturday afternoon after an Aeromexico aircraft, flying from Mexico City with 146 passengers and crew, landed at the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). The plane then started taxiing and accidently hit the truck with its right wing, tipping over the vehicle to the side. Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) said in a statement that the collision did not result in a fire or a fuel spill. The only damaged part of the plane is reportedly the wing with which it struck the car. Plane collides w/utility truck at #LAX injuring several workers in truck, so far no injuries reported on plane @FOXLA@flyLAXairport@LAFDpic.twitter.com/35wJWZHluD— Lisette_g (@lisetteg) 20 мая 2017 г. All eight people, six men and two women, who were inside the truck at the time of the collision, needed medical assistance. Two female passengers were impacted the most, receiving serious injuries, according to LAFD. @Aeromexico hits a truck after we landed and flipped it over.. pic.twitter.com/huC6ugxQgt— Ray Klostermann (@Rayklostermann) 20 мая 2017 г. An earlier report by the department indicated that at least one of the truck’s passengers was in critical condition. However, later LAFD revised the report, stating that all have been treated for non-life-threatening injuries. Meanwhile, no passengers or crew of the Boeing were harmed in the incident and some were even posting videos and photos on Twitter showing the flipped vehicle. Just landed at LAX, the wing of the plane hit a truck and flipped the truck over. People injured & we are stuck on the plane. #LAX#AM642— Bennett Sell-Kline (@bskphoto) 20 мая 2017 г. While the cause of the incident is subject to investigation, eyewitnesses report that the plane was taxiing faster than usual at the time of the collision. Scores of fire engines were called to the scene in its aftermath along with police and emergency services. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Sunday May 21, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode James Riggall awarded a Fulbright scholarship Piia Wirsu@piiawirsu 21 May 2017, 8:30 a.m. James Riggall has joined the ranks of presidents, prime ministers and Nobel prize laureates. EXCITED: James Riggall in a meeting with Bruce Wolcott who he will connect with in the US. Picture: Scott Gelston One northern Tasmanian man will join the ranks of presidents, Nobel prize laureates, Pulitzer prize winners and prime ministers. James Riggall has been selected for a prestigious Fulbright scholarship, which will see him travel to the United States for seven months for an exchange of knowledge and ideas. The Fulbright program boasts such alumni as Sylvia Plath and Henry Kissinger. The Fulbright program is a foreign exchange program whereby international scholars, academics and professionals travel to the US to study, teach or conduct research, bringing back their experiences to their own country and vice versa.  It was started following World War II, as a way to promote peace and collaboration between countries and was funded with the proceeds of the sale of surplus US armaments at the end of the war. “It began in as a vision from American senator [William Fulbright] from Arkansaw back in 1946,” Australian-American Fulbright Commission communications officer Alexander Mclaurin said.  “His idea was to use the funds generated through the sale of those armaments to fund a two-way exchange program. The idea was once the world knew more about America and America knew more about the wider world then the chances for peace and prosperity would be lifted and the chances of conflict erupting through misunderstandings would be decreased. - Alexander Mclaurin “The idea was once the world knew more about America and America knew more about the wider world then the chances for peace and prosperity would be lifted and the chances of conflict erupting through misunderstandings would be decreased.” In the following 70 years the program has become a highly prestigious bilateral exchange, and the Fulbright alumni reads like a list of the world’s successful and influential. Known as something of a powerhouse in the tech, innovation and start-up space, Riggall use the opportunity to explore technology as a means of opening up the education space and developing cross-continental connections.  He will travel to the United States in September where he will work with Bellevue College to help them develop collaborative spaces, similar to those he has created in Launceston, and to establish a collaborative education project connecting students from Bellevue and Launceston.  Riggall’s connection to Bellevue began many years ago when he connected with Bellevue College instructor Bruce Wolcott when creating the University of Tasmania Human Interface Technology laboratory seven years ago. “The big interest that Bruce and I have is how do you do teaching collaboratively over distance? But it’s actually a bit broader than that, it’s how do you do education collaboratively over distance,” Riggall said.  “Bruce and I were working more closely together than I was with just about anyone else in the university so my closest colleague at the University of Tasmania was a sessional teacher on the other side of the planet.” Wolcott is excited by the possibilities technology opens in education.  “Now that we have the internet we’re out of this closed four walls of the classroom; it’s like one of the walls of the classroom are gone, maybe all of the walls have gone, and we are ... communicating with people all over the planet,” he said.  “A big part of what we’re working on [with the Fulbright scholarship] is this notion of a long-distance learning lab, we want to create a model of how we communicate with each other, how we use virtual worlds, how we use hackathons [or] online projects to connect between Seattle and Launceston. “If we can get a working model ... we can broaden the walls of our education experience and make them more large interactive worlds. It’s really revamping an antiquated approach to [education] … and integrating new possibilities to how we can teach. - Bruce Wolcott “It’s really revamping an antiquated approach to [education] … and integrating new possibilities to how we can teach.” Riggall is hoping to establish a collaborative project between students in Seattle and Launceston during his scholarship.  He wants to explore what the future of education could look like if it was facilitated through technology.  “What if we could get students working together over vast distance? Part of this project is working with the Pacific Science Centre in Seattle and working with QVMAG here and the Battery Shed here and trying to get some kind of collaborative project happening where we have young people in Tasmania and young people in Seattle working together,” he said.  Riggall has always had a strong emphasis on building community, and making global connections is just the next step for him.  “Bruce and I are both very interested in technology, but not necessarily just from an engineer's perspective but actually from a humanitarian perspective and from a creative perspective as well,” Riggall said. “Bellevue wants to look at technology in a holistic way and they see some of the stuff that we’re doing here and they think, ‘Wow, there's some interesting things going on and we could learn something’.”  Riggall is excited to showcase what Launceston and Tasmania has achieved in the startup space. We think because Microsoft’s from Seattle and because Boeing is from Seattle ... we think that we can't offer anything to a place like that, but actually Bellevue is looking to what’s going on here. - James Riggall “We think because Microsoft’s from Seattle and because Boeing is from Seattle ... we think that we can't offer anything to a place like that, but actually Bellevue is looking to what’s going on here,” he said.  The Fulbright scholarship is all about sharing knowledge, which is something Riggall is looking forward to while in the US. “Everything we’re doing is very much in that [Fulbright] spirit, I want to go to Seattle and share a lot of the great stuff that we’ve been doing,” he said.  “But also to soak up as much knowledge as I can, and to make connections and bring them back to Tasmania.” Riggall hopes other Tasmanians will realise the possibilities open to people with the Fulbright scholarship.  Mclaurin said Fulbright welcomes anyone who shows exceptional passion.  “A lot of people may disqualify themselves by thinking we are only looking for university award winners or Nobel prize candidates, we are really looking for people, like James, who are passionate about what they're doing and have made the most of their opportunities,” he said. Latest News Forest jobs hunt: Barnett Internet woes hit hard Zane in the Lions’ den Paws pound the pavement | Photos, video Big team set to jump into Pacific test Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Examiner’s interactive stories Local stories told using interactive tools, photos and video elements. Paws pound the pavement | Photos, video Furry friends across Tasmania took part in the RSPCA's annual Million Paws Walk. NRL Titans v Sea Eagles | pictures, photos Round 11 action from the Titans and Sea Eagles. Wild weather in first week of solo flight | Video After being grounded due to wild weather, Oliver O'Halloran is back in the air to fly around Australia. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Latest News Local News National World Rural Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ National Sport NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Photo Sales Find Local Products & Services Social Networks eEdition Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms The Youth Network Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Explore Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies X-Static TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Local News Sports Business Shopping 61° Full Menu 61° Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Databases Education Government & Politics Local News Nation & World Military Obituaries Obits Archive Traffic Watchdog Weather Blogs & Columns Matt Driscoll Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders Tacoma Rainiers UW Huskies Blogs & Columns Dave Boling Huskies Insider Blog John McGrath Mariners Insider Blog Seahawks Insider Blog Sounders Insider Blog Politics Politics Business Business Consumers People in Business New Businesses Port of Tacoma Real Estate Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Living Living Fitness Food & Drink Home & Garden Religion Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies TNT Diner Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Partners The Olympian The Peninsula Gateway The Puyallup Herald Northwest Guardian NIE KIRO7 Shopping Classifieds Place An Ad Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Community conversations about bringing jobs to Tacoma need to start with understanding where the jobs are now, where they’ve been coming from and where they might be going. Creatas Thinkstock Images Community conversations about bringing jobs to Tacoma need to start with understanding where the jobs are now, where they’ve been coming from and where they might be going. Creatas Thinkstock Images Business Columns & Blogs May 20, 2017 12:58 PM Bill Virgin: Talking about Tacoma jobs is great, but know what you’re talking about By Bill Virgin Contributing writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story There’s a campaign afoot to declare Tacoma “the place for jobs,” launched by business, government and labor leaders with an invitation to the citizenry “to take a stand with us and sign on to the South Sound Prosperity Pledge.” OK. Yay, jobs. “We are a coalition of employers, workers, educators and leaders across sectors who believe that the South Sound community is stronger when united around values we all share,” says the message on the Place for Jobs website. “We are seeking a community conversation about what a prosperous South Sound means.” The driving force behind the effort appears to be as much political as economic — the buzzword du jour “conversation” is a tipoff — seeking to avoid a repeat of the liquid-methanol-plant debacle, which produced more acrimony than employment or plastics feedstock. But a valid point underlies the campaign, one that has been made in this space before, and to which “community conversation” refers. If traditionally industrial areas such as the Tacoma Tideflats are off limits to industrial development, what do you want to do with them and what do you expect in terms of job generation from them? That conversation needs to be tempered and informed by reality; “just go get some of those clean-tech jobs” is not a rational plan. While the community holds that conversation — good luck with keeping the volume low — in an effort to build consensus (ditto), it’s useful to understand where the jobs are now, where they’ve been coming from and where they might be going. Fortunately, we have the benefit of some job-trend reports from the Employment Security Department that break down the workforce by county as well as industry. The preliminary workforce count for Pierce County in March was 309,000, up from 300,300 (in this case the definition of workforce leaves out proprietors, the self-employed, members of the military, private household workers and agriculture). That’s a growth rate of just under 3 percent — not great, King County was 3.6 percent, but not awful (the statewide April-to-April change was 2.3 percent). Where’d the growth come from? Not manufacturing — it was down by 300 in Pierce County from a year ago, and while the numbers aren’t broken out by subsector, Boeing’s contraction might figure in there. Here’s a stunner. The big contributor to year-to-year growth in Pierce County was … retail trade. Yup, the sector that seems to make daily appearances in national business-news columns for announcements of layoffs and store closings is up 3,100 jobs from a year ago. Amazon is a factor in that, but the brick-and-mortar folks are too. Also up in the year-to-year calculations were educational and health care services (that’s a single category, although two subcategories, hospitals and ambulatory care, are listed as adding jobs) and professional and business services. If you want an insight into the disparity between King and Pierce counties, and not just in size, consider this: Employment in the information sector (which includes software) in King County was 98,600. For Pierce County, it was 2,600. The Employment Security Department also puts together a monthly spreadsheet that compares online job postings to unemployment insurance claims to get a sense of the gap between supply and demand for certain job titles and occupations. It can be broken down into regional markets, such as Pierce County. If you’re in the health care field locally, the data say you’re golden; there’s a huge deficit of supply. But there’s an overabundance of you if you fall into the construction, managerial, office and administrative, and production categories. That last one sounds odd, given what we’re hearing from the manufacturing sector about the challenges of finding trained or trainable workers. But that highlights a limitation about jobs numbers — they don’t tell the complete story. This problem plagues not just the local jobs debate but also the national (dare we say it) conversation about employment haves and have-nots. How many jobs you have matters, but where they are, what they pay and what specific skills and education those jobs require matter too, sometimes even more. A new software job in Seattle might numerically replace a lost furniture-plant job in the South, but it’s not of much use to the worker who doesn’t live here and isn’t trained to write code. And from there we leap into still more conversations about how we set up our education system to train people for the jobs we’re realistically going to have, not the ones we wish for, and how much we’re willing to pay to land even those. That’s a lot of conversation we’re in for, and with no certainty of resolving those issues no matter how high-minded the chattering or how hoarse everyone winds up. Bill Virgin is editor and publisher of Washington Manufacturing Alert and Pacific Northwest Rail News. He can be reached at bill.virgin@yahoo.com. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email an hour ago WATCH: Tahoma's Olivia Rivera, Ginny Mehl discuss district track championship 1:03 an hour ago WATCH: Tahoma's Olivia Rivera, Ginny Mehl discuss district track championship 1:46 an hour ago WATCH: Kentlake's Jayke Chavez, JJ Gerarden lift Falcons past Sumner 1:41 an hour ago WATCH: Kentlake coach tells team to 'Bring the hammer' in video message View More Video Business Columns & Blogs Bill Virgin: Tacoma may navigate new-stadium waters better than Seattle Bill Virgin: West Coast ports have a lot riding on stable labor relations Bill Virgin: Driverless trucks could give drones a run for their delivery money Bill Virgin: Voters need to educate themselves on ports before this year’s election Patients will save, some docs will flee new Tricare dental plan Business Columns & Blogs Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Crime Business Exeter North Devon South Devon Mid Devon Weather Health Education Politics Farming Devon man shortlisted for Shed of the Year after building Whisky HQ in back garden By WMN_PGoodwin  |  Posted: May 20, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Shed of the year Devon man shortlisted for Shed of the Year after building Whisky HQ in back... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Shed of the year Discovering the joys of the Grand Western Canal with Fun on... 10 Exeter city centre car park closed off in police incident 1 Devon police shame 999 caller who needed help with phone... 2 Comments (0) For most people, the shed is somewhere to store flowerpots, the lawnmower and maybe a few old tools. But an innovative few have transformed their back garden boltholes into everything from a cathedral to a real-life flight simulator and wartime police station. Enthusiasts across the nation have lovingly crafted their creations and now their finest efforts have been whittled down to a shortlist of 32, which will battle it out to be named the Cuprinol Shed of the Year for 2017. One Devon man has been shortlisted in the competition's pub and entertainment category after he built a cosy Whiskey HQ shed. David Nicks, from North Tawton, has fashioned a "man cave" containing a range of treats, including a wide selection of spirits. He regularly holds tastings for his friends, members of the MENTAL group, which stands for Malt Enthusiasts of North Tawton and Lager. David said the idea was originally conceived as a retreat for the family to escape to on a Sunday night. "Once a week we eat out there, we light the wood burner and get competitive over board games," he explained. "We have also eaten Christmas dinner out there but it was a little chilly hence the addition of the wood burner which transformed it completely. "It has also become the meeting place for our whisky group. We gather periodically, put the world to rights and talk nonsense whilst tasting and scoring different whiskys. There is a definite whisky theme going on but the general feeling is that if it's a bit weird it will probably fit in." He says all the wood used was salvaged either from skips, pallets, laybys, and friends' sheds to keep costs down. Curiosities include the old back door of the local pub, a Wellington bomber landing light, an old work bench as a table and a framed photo of Daphne Du Maurier's father. David says the shed was originally the outside toilet for the house. "A trip to Ireland and a special evening inspired the transformation," he added. "It is a mixture of stone, dodgy 70s block work and a galvanised roof and still has the original cobbled floor. "It only measures approximately 10 by 8 feet, cost me a total of £803 (excluding the whisky) to complete and the main transformation was done over a three-month period. "It has been a further two years refining and adding bits until now. I have deliberately kept the exterior quite plain to enhance the element of surprise when entering." Sheds have been nominated in eight categories, from environmentally-friendly buildings and historic extravaganzas to those built on a budget and cabins and summerhouses. Now in its 10th year, the competition shows no signs of creaking - the shortlist came from a record 2,963 entries. Captain Mark Owen from Bedfordshire mocked up his shed to look like a Boeing plane. Captain Owen sits in the "cockpit" of his beloved shed, which doubles as an authentic flight simulator. Even the outside appears like the fuselage of a plane. The shortlisted outhouses will go head to head on TV programme Amazing Spaces Shed Of The Year, shown on Channel 4 this summer. Voting to choose the category winners opens on May 18, and people have until noon on June 2 to pick their favourite for Shed of the Year. This incredible cinema is unfortunately not open to the general public, just the lucky friends and family of Anderson Jones, from Stoke-on-Trent. The impressive shed, called the ABC Cinema, features a large screen for entertaining and watching the latest releases, as well as space for dozens of viewers Colin Furze's shed in Lincolnshire looks like any other that you might find in the millions of gardens spread across the country. But what cannot be seen in the expansive bunker built underground. Mr Furze makes his way down a shaft and into the lower level of his shed, which has been aptly-named The Bunker. Built over two floors, Mr Furze's creation is based on a Second World War bomb shelter, and features all the typical paraphernalia, including a gas mask and tins of food Another stand out entry features a Cyberman and a Dalek guarding the entrance to the TARDIS shed, found at the bottom of the garden of Doctor who megafan Paul Foden, from Stoke-on-Trent. The Doctor Who fan, wearing a scarf similar to that of the legendary fourth doctor Tom Baker, pretends to launch the TARDIS into another dimension Competition founder Andrew Wilcox said: "Every year I am overwhelmed with the nation's love of sheds and how they really get behind this celebration of British eccentricity." To see the full shortlist and cast a vote, visit www.readershed.co.uk Return to Devon Live or read The 'crazy' Exeter estate where Labour voters can't support Ben Bradshaw Report this article Read more from Devon Live Most Recent Most Commented Discovering the joys of the Grand Western Canal with Fun on the... Exeter city centre car park closed off in police incident Devon police shame 999 caller who needed help with phone charger What next for Paignton's flagship Parkfield youth centre? Council boss who earns as much as Prime Minister is leaving, and... Scaffolding firm apologises for parking truck across disabled... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs School Nurse Salary : Scale 5 point 24 (Range 22-25) FTE £21,745 Content Writer Salary : Around £20,000 Laboratory Technician Salary : Undisclosed Instructor – Land & Environment Salary : £20,000 - £27,000 pa Shared Apprenticeship Scheme Co-ordinator Salary : £25,376 Market Researcher Salary : £13,861 per annum (£17,326 full time equivalent) Subject Librarian Salary : £26,829 - £31,076 or £32,004 - £36,001 per annum Clinical Team Leader - Icebreak Salary : £37,000-£41,000 Sales Negotiator Salary : Undisclosed Semi-Skilled Electrical Salary : £7.65 p/h Senior Warehouse Operatives / Team Members Salary : £23,000 - £25,000/annum Pension, Package Manufacturing and Process Technical Operators Salary : £23,000 - £25,000 Manufacturing Technicians / Production Line Engineers Salary : £31,500 Shift Maintenance Technicians Salary : £36,500 Exams Officer/General Administrator Salary : Scale 5 (range 22 - 25 £20,661 to £22,658 FTE) Food Technology Technician Salary : Scale 2, Point 12 (range 12 – 14) £16,123 - £16,781 per annum Cover Supervisor Salary : Scale 4, point 18 (range 18-21 £18,070 - £20,138) Pastoral Support Assistant Salary : Scale 5 (range 22 - 25 £20,661 to £22,658 FTE) General Administrator Salary : Scale 3 (range 14-17 £16,481 - £17,547 FTE) TEACHING ASSISTANTS Salary : Point 11-17 (£15,807- £17,772 full time equivalent for 52 wks) actual pay calculated on 44.28 weeks. Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Exeter City Exeter Chiefs Rugby Cricket Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Business Directory Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle HIre Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 21 2017 - 3:40AM Save Print President Donald Trump gets king's welcome to Saudi Arabia on first foreign trip facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More President Donald Trump has touched down in Saudi Arabia as he sought to escape the scandals and chaos that have engulfed his administration back home. Trump's arrival was greeted with a public enthusiasm that's rare in this usually restrained country. Huge billboards around the city featured Trump and King Salman, while the city's roads were lined with alternating US and Saudi flags. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:49 Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in ... Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia US President Donald Trump and White House officials take part in a ceremonial sword dance in Saudi Arabia. Up Next Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Disruptive passenger escorted off plane ... Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu A man is handcuffed and led off a plane in Honolulu on Friday after passengers helped duct-tape him to his seat and fighter jets escorted the flight to the airport. Up Next Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:20 Video duration 00:20 Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted A Qantas jet flying from Los Angeles to Melbourne has been turned around two hours after take off when sparks were seen coming from an engine. Vision: Channel 7. Up Next Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:19 Video duration 01:19 Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at ... Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress are showing signs of going their own way, both on politics and policy, in the wake of one of the most difficult weeks of any American presidency. Up Next Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Pippa Middleton and her new husband James Matthews wave to the crowds as they leave their wedding ceremony on Saturday. Up Next Three victims critical in Times Square attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:11 Video duration 01:11 Three victims critical in Times Square ... Three victims critical in Times Square attack A man accused of driving into a crowd of Times Square pedestrians with his car, killing one of them, has made his first appearance in court. Police say three of his victims remain in critical condition. Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has apologised after remarking that Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter, would defend Trump after he 'Took a dump on his desk'. More videos Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia US President Donald Trump and White House officials take part in a ceremonial sword dance in Saudi Arabia. Other billboards touted the long friendship between the two countries, displaying the historic picture of King Abdulaziz Al Saud, the founding monarch of the modern Saudi state, with Franklin D. Roosevelt, when the two met on a boat in the Great Bitter Lake offshoot of the Suez Canal in Egypt in 1945. The Saudis welcomed Trump in his first overseas trip as president with trumpets, cannons and a red, white and blue flyover. Related Content Trump flees 'Russia thing' as Washington reels Comey to testify to Senate in public For Trump, the warm embrace by the Saudi monarchs was a welcome break from the cascade of bad news in Washington. Even as Air Force One took off from a Maryland air base Friday afternoon, headlines revealed new details about the swiftly expanding investigation into ties between Russia and Trump's advisers. Questions about those headlines were certain to follow Trump despite the distance from Washington, where reports surfaced that he referred to former FBI director James Comey as "a nut job" during recent meetings with Russians in the Oval Office. Advertisement Throughout his first day as America's top overseas ambassador, Trump posed for pictures, shook hands with his hosts and avoided his domestic turmoil. Trump's aides scheduled the trip with no news conferences and few opportunities for reporters to ask the president questions. The trip was used to announced a $US110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia – put forward as evidence of a renewed US commitment to the security of the Persian Gulf region. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive in Riyadh on Saturday.  Photo: AP The package includes precision weaponry that former president Barack Obama had held up over concerns that it would be used to kill civilians in the war in neighbouring Yemen, as well as an anti-missile system. The White House said in a statement that the package demonstrated US "commitment to our partnership with Saudi Arabia and our Gulf partners." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive in Riyadh.  Photo: AP A forum bringing together US and Saudi corporate executives also produced a series of multibillion-dollar deals, including a $US6 billion Lockheed Martin letter of intent to assemble 150 Black Hawk helicopters in Saudi Arabia, and a General Electric plan involving projects it valued at $US15 billion. During two days in Saudi Arabia, the president is set to meet with dozens of leaders from the Persian Gulf and the wider Muslim world as he seeks to shape a new Middle East coalition. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link President Trump and Melania Trump are welcomed by Saudi King Salman at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport. Photo: AP His current embrace of the Gulf nations differs sharply with some of his previous remarks in relation to the region. Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2014 SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The president's daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, senior White House adviser Jared Kushner, arrive at the Royal Court Palace in Riyadh. Photo: AP On Sunday, Trump is scheduled to deliver a speech that White House aides described as a call to Saudi Arabia and the rest of the Muslim world to unite against extremism. One senior White House official said the president hoped to "reset" both the global fight against Islamic terrorism and his own reputation for intolerance of Muslims, which was fuelled by his campaign call for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Saudi King Salman presents US President Donald Trump with the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal on Saturday. Photo: AP After taking office, Trump signed an executive order to temporarily block visitors from several Muslim-majority countries, but courts have blocked it pending a legal review. Trump's royal hosts, whose country was not among those countries, have chosen to ignore that history in the interests of working with a US president who will not lecture them about repression of women or others in Saudi Arabia. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House adviser Jared Kushner and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus in Riyadh. Photo: AP Trump is the first sitting president to make Saudi Arabia the first stop on his first foreign trip. The visit is the first of a nine-day trip that will also take the president to Jerusalem, Bethlehem, the Vatican, Brussels and Sicily. Arriving in Riyadh Air Force One landed in Riyadh, the Saudi capital, after a flight from Washington that took 12 hours and 20 minutes. Aides said Trump spent most of the flight meeting with staff members, reading newspapers and working on his speech. He got very little sleep, they said. The president and his wife, Melania, emerged from Air Force One against a stark desert backdrop and were greeted on a long red carpet by King Salman and other members of the Saudi royal family. Melania Trump stood near her husband with her hair uncovered, as is common for visiting American first ladies.   After a ceremony at the Royal Court Palace, King Salman bestowed the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal, the nation's highest honour, on Trump, draping the gold medal and chain around his neck. Previous recipients of the award include Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin, the president of Russia. A television microphone picked up the king's remarks to Trump. "Syria, too, used to be one of the most advanced countries," the king said. "We used to get our professors from Syria. They served our kingdom. Unfortunately, they too brought destruction to their own country. "You could destroy a country in mere seconds," the king told the president, "but it takes a lot of effort." Last year, Obama visited Saudi Arabia for meetings with King Salman and gulf leaders, but the king did not meet him on the airport's tarmac. Obama's aides later played down the king's decision, but it was broadly portrayed in news accounts as a snub. At the airport when he arrived, Trump and the king exchanged a brief handshake and a few pleasantries. "Very happy to see you," the king said. "It's a great honour," Trump replied, before he was offered a bouquet of flowers from Saudi girls.  The New York Times Related Content Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure Advertisement Most Popular Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … China stifled US spying by killing CIA informants Saudis welcome Trump's rebuff of Obama views Detained Saudi sisters defying rule of male guardians Julian Assange's cat-and-mouse existence still to play out Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … Trump signs 'tremendous' deals with Saudi Arabia on his first day overseas Disruptive passenger duct taped to his seat as flight lands under military escort Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure A certain kind of freedom The Age Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Michael and Lindy Klim's divorce turns hostile Melania Trump takes centre stage in Saudi Arabia Wet leaves on tram tracks: Why autumn's worst for trams The Sydney Morning Herald Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' Melania Trump takes centre stage in Saudi Arabia Michael and Lindy Klim's divorce turns hostile Melbourne-bound Qantas flight from Los Angeles aborted Teen kept captive and sexually assaulted after high school formal: court Brisbane Times Paniyiri Festival losing community focus as expansion continues Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' The man in the shadows who cost scores of Australians their solar dream CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Thousands of flu cases prompt call for vaccinations Canberra Times Mobile speed camera revenue doubles in 12 months Intractable errors in child restraint use putting lives at risk Our parents all gave us the name Isabella, should we thank them? Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst WA Today Severe weather warning for Perth and the South West WA ambos stood down for 'refusing to attend incident' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Man chokes on sausage, crashes car Our parents all gave us the name Isabella, should we thank them? Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 21 2017 - 3:40AM Save Print President Donald Trump gets king's welcome to Saudi Arabia on first foreign trip facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More President Donald Trump has touched down in Saudi Arabia as he sought to escape the scandals and chaos that have engulfed his administration back home. Trump's arrival was greeted with a public enthusiasm that's rare in this usually restrained country. Huge billboards around the city featured Trump and King Salman, while the city's roads were lined with alternating US and Saudi flags. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:49 Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in ... Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia US President Donald Trump and White House officials take part in a ceremonial sword dance in Saudi Arabia. Up Next Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Disruptive passenger escorted off plane ... Disruptive passenger escorted off plane in Honolulu A man is handcuffed and led off a plane in Honolulu on Friday after passengers helped duct-tape him to his seat and fighter jets escorted the flight to the airport. Up Next Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:20 Video duration 00:20 Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted Qantas LA-Melbourne flight aborted A Qantas jet flying from Los Angeles to Melbourne has been turned around two hours after take off when sparks were seen coming from an engine. Vision: Channel 7. Up Next Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:19 Video duration 01:19 Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at ... Trump in Saudi Arabia, while isolated at home President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans in Congress are showing signs of going their own way, both on politics and policy, in the wake of one of the most difficult weeks of any American presidency. Up Next Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Newlyweds Pippa and James leave church Pippa Middleton and her new husband James Matthews wave to the crowds as they leave their wedding ceremony on Saturday. Up Next Three victims critical in Times Square attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:11 Video duration 01:11 Three victims critical in Times Square ... Three victims critical in Times Square attack A man accused of driving into a crowd of Times Square pedestrians with his car, killing one of them, has made his first appearance in court. Police say three of his victims remain in critical condition. Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has apologised after remarking that Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter, would defend Trump after he 'Took a dump on his desk'. More videos Trump, Tillerson, Ross sword dance in Saudi Arabia US President Donald Trump and White House officials take part in a ceremonial sword dance in Saudi Arabia. Other billboards touted the long friendship between the two countries, displaying the historic picture of King Abdulaziz Al Saud, the founding monarch of the modern Saudi state, with Franklin D. Roosevelt, when the two met on a boat in the Great Bitter Lake offshoot of the Suez Canal in Egypt in 1945. The Saudis welcomed Trump in his first overseas trip as president with trumpets, cannons and a red, white and blue flyover. Related Content Trump flees 'Russia thing' as Washington reels Comey to testify to Senate in public For Trump, the warm embrace by the Saudi monarchs was a welcome break from the cascade of bad news in Washington. Even as Air Force One took off from a Maryland air base Friday afternoon, headlines revealed new details about the swiftly expanding investigation into ties between Russia and Trump's advisers. Questions about those headlines were certain to follow Trump despite the distance from Washington, where reports surfaced that he referred to former FBI director James Comey as "a nut job" during recent meetings with Russians in the Oval Office. Advertisement Throughout his first day as America's top overseas ambassador, Trump posed for pictures, shook hands with his hosts and avoided his domestic turmoil. Trump's aides scheduled the trip with no news conferences and few opportunities for reporters to ask the president questions. The trip was used to announced a $US110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia – put forward as evidence of a renewed US commitment to the security of the Persian Gulf region. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive in Riyadh on Saturday.  Photo: AP The package includes precision weaponry that former president Barack Obama had held up over concerns that it would be used to kill civilians in the war in neighbouring Yemen, as well as an anti-missile system. The White House said in a statement that the package demonstrated US "commitment to our partnership with Saudi Arabia and our Gulf partners." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive in Riyadh.  Photo: AP A forum bringing together US and Saudi corporate executives also produced a series of multibillion-dollar deals, including a $US6 billion Lockheed Martin letter of intent to assemble 150 Black Hawk helicopters in Saudi Arabia, and a General Electric plan involving projects it valued at $US15 billion. During two days in Saudi Arabia, the president is set to meet with dozens of leaders from the Persian Gulf and the wider Muslim world as he seeks to shape a new Middle East coalition. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link President Trump and Melania Trump are welcomed by Saudi King Salman at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport. Photo: AP His current embrace of the Gulf nations differs sharply with some of his previous remarks in relation to the region. Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2014 SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The president's daughter, Ivanka Trump, and her husband, senior White House adviser Jared Kushner, arrive at the Royal Court Palace in Riyadh. Photo: AP On Sunday, Trump is scheduled to deliver a speech that White House aides described as a call to Saudi Arabia and the rest of the Muslim world to unite against extremism. One senior White House official said the president hoped to "reset" both the global fight against Islamic terrorism and his own reputation for intolerance of Muslims, which was fuelled by his campaign call for a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Saudi King Salman presents US President Donald Trump with the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal on Saturday. Photo: AP After taking office, Trump signed an executive order to temporarily block visitors from several Muslim-majority countries, but courts have blocked it pending a legal review. Trump's royal hosts, whose country was not among those countries, have chosen to ignore that history in the interests of working with a US president who will not lecture them about repression of women or others in Saudi Arabia. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House adviser Jared Kushner and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus in Riyadh. Photo: AP Trump is the first sitting president to make Saudi Arabia the first stop on his first foreign trip. The visit is the first of a nine-day trip that will also take the president to Jerusalem, Bethlehem, the Vatican, Brussels and Sicily. Arriving in Riyadh Air Force One landed in Riyadh, the Saudi capital, after a flight from Washington that took 12 hours and 20 minutes. Aides said Trump spent most of the flight meeting with staff members, reading newspapers and working on his speech. He got very little sleep, they said. The president and his wife, Melania, emerged from Air Force One against a stark desert backdrop and were greeted on a long red carpet by King Salman and other members of the Saudi royal family. Melania Trump stood near her husband with her hair uncovered, as is common for visiting American first ladies.   After a ceremony at the Royal Court Palace, King Salman bestowed the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal, the nation's highest honour, on Trump, draping the gold medal and chain around his neck. Previous recipients of the award include Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin, the president of Russia. A television microphone picked up the king's remarks to Trump. "Syria, too, used to be one of the most advanced countries," the king said. "We used to get our professors from Syria. They served our kingdom. Unfortunately, they too brought destruction to their own country. "You could destroy a country in mere seconds," the king told the president, "but it takes a lot of effort." Last year, Obama visited Saudi Arabia for meetings with King Salman and gulf leaders, but the king did not meet him on the airport's tarmac. Obama's aides later played down the king's decision, but it was broadly portrayed in news accounts as a snub. At the airport when he arrived, Trump and the king exchanged a brief handshake and a few pleasantries. "Very happy to see you," the king said. "It's a great honour," Trump replied, before he was offered a bouquet of flowers from Saudi girls.  The New York Times Related Content Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure Advertisement Most Popular Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … China stifled US spying by killing CIA informants Trump signs 'tremendous' deals with Saudi Arabia on his first day overseas Disruptive passenger duct taped to his seat as flight lands under military escort 'If you're not at the table, you're on the menu' Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … Disruptive passenger duct taped to his seat as flight lands under military escort Trump flees 'Russia thing' as Washington reels Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia for first foreign trip Trump signs 'tremendous' deals with Saudi Arabia on his first day overseas The Sydney Morning Herald Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' Melania Trump takes centre stage in Saudi Arabia Michael and Lindy Klim's divorce turns hostile Melbourne-bound Qantas flight from Los Angeles aborted Teen kept captive and sexually assaulted after high school formal: court The Age Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Michael and Lindy Klim's divorce turns hostile Melania Trump takes centre stage in Saudi Arabia Wet leaves on tram tracks: Why autumn's worst for trams Brisbane Times Paniyiri Festival losing community focus as expansion continues Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' The man in the shadows who cost scores of Australians their solar dream CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst Thousands of flu cases prompt call for vaccinations Canberra Times Mobile speed camera revenue doubles in 12 months Intractable errors in child restraint use putting lives at risk Our parents all gave us the name Isabella, should we thank them? Pippa Middleton's wedding was a beautiful 'gun show' Melbourne-bound Qantas flight from Los Angeles aborted WA Today Severe weather warning for Perth and the South West CNN's Anderson Cooper snaps, then apologises, for Trump outburst WA ambos stood down for 'refusing to attend incident' Man chokes on sausage, crashes car Our parents all gave us the name Isabella, should we thank them? Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 72F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 52F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 21, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell The Platform Close Buy Now David Carson A worker skims impurities off the top of a crucible of molten aluminum that will be poured into 1500 sows at the Noranda Aluminum smelter in New Madrid on Tuesday, February 16, 2016. The smelter, which was built in the late1960s, is scheduled to be shutdown in March of 2016 because imported aluminum is depressing the price of the product. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Editorial: Greitens is no closer to draining the swamp with his special-session call By the Editorial Board 13 hrs ago (…) Buy Now David Carson A worker skims impurities off the top of a crucible of molten aluminum that will be poured into 1500 sows at the Noranda Aluminum smelter in New Madrid on Tuesday, February 16, 2016. The smelter, which was built in the late1960s, is scheduled to be shutdown in March of 2016 because imported aluminum is depressing the price of the product. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Gov. Eric Greitens says his decision to recall the Legislature for a special session is all about job creation. We have our doubts, mainly because so little of what the governor has said since his inauguration in January has matched his actions. The singular stated mission of the special session is to finish work on a nearly completed bill advanced in the regular session to restart the idled smelter in New Madrid County where its previous operator, Noranda Aluminum, had employed 900 workers. Noranda filed for bankruptcy in February 2016 and idled the plant the following month, with mass layoffs plunging the area into economic turmoil. If jobs were the sole issue here, it would be hard to argue with Greitens’ reasoning. But one of the most generous corporate gift-givers for Greitens and the Legislature, St. Louis electric utility Ameren Corp., stands to benefit mightily if the legislation driving the special session passes. If advancing Ameren’s interests is Greitens’ way of honoring his commitment to drain the swamp in Jefferson City, he’s got some explaining to do. A measure sponsored in the regular session by Rep. Donald Rone, R-Portageville, would have loosened Public Service Commission rate oversight, something that even Rone’s fellow GOP lawmakers balked at. His bill would allow Ameren to apply a special rate for the smelter, which Ameren lobbied hard for in last year’s session without success. Noranda was Ameren’s biggest customer before the smelter’s closure. Republican state senators have expressed concerns that the legislation would allow Ameren to boost rates for other customers regardless of whether the smelter reopens. Other major Ameren business customers such as Boeing and Anheuser-Busch InBev objected previously, arguing that it’s unfair for a publicly regulated utility to apply a special rate for one customer without offering special deals for others. The problem with special rates is that someone ultimately winds up footing the bill, because Ameren isn’t operating a charity. If one customer receives electricity at a lower price, other business customers and consumers would have to make up the difference. There’s no guarantee that Greitens can overcome the skeptics in his party, so his special session call is a gamble. We don’t fault Ameren for trying. It’s a business whose job is to get the best deal it can for its shareholders. But the Legislature has a different mandate — to get the best deal it can for Missouri taxpayers. By focusing the special session on jobs, Greitens conveniently sidesteps the Legislature’s most glaring failure in the regular session: creating a prescription drug monitoring program to address the state’s growing opioid-addiction problem. U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., wrote to Greitens on Wednesday in a last-ditch effort to revive the monitoring program. Greitens appears to have ignored her. Which leaves us wondering: Who is the governor fighting for? Tags Eric Greitens Noranda Aluminum Donald Rone Ameren Corp. Politics Economics Work Industry Finance Commerce View (…) comments Opinion Features Read Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor How to submit an opinion article (op-ed) From the Post-Dispatch's archives Found on St. Louis Post Dispatch powered by Newspapers.com Follow the Platform Most popular Latest in section Editorial: Hazelwood School District has a teachable moment Editorial: Greitens is no closer to draining the swamp with his special-session call Editorial: Short takes on heroes, zeros and wayward politicians Editorial: 'Pervasive' election fraud and the man who'll find it, even if it doesn't exist Robberson: From Russia, with contempt Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Kevin Horrigan Pat Gauen Tony Messenger Enter each week to win curb-appealing prizes! We provide sourced and investigated news Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Sunday, May 21, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Ahead of Yogi Adityanath's Moradabad visit, BJP MLA allegedly thrashes organisers over delay in preparations BJP in Tamil Nadu: How the party has become a major player in state politics despite just 2.8% voteshare EVMs can be hacked, 2019 Lok Sabha elections must be fought with ballot papers: Digvijaya Singh AAP says EC should allow 'unconditional' access to EVM for fair challenge Amit Shah taunts Congress, says BJP the only party in India which respects internal democracy Delhi HC rejects plea seeking to restrain defeated Lok Sabha candidates from contesting Rajya Sabha polls Sports ISSF World Cup: Neeraj Kumar shines on a disappointing day for Indian shooters IPL final 2017: MS Dhoni taking on Jasprit Bumrah and other key battles which could decide title IPL final 2017: Rohit Sharma, Steve Smith play down impact of past head-to-head record on title decider NBA playoffs: Warriors' Kevin Durant scores 33 points to put Spurs on brink of elimination La Liga: Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane lauds 'spectacular' team ahead of season's final face-off Sachin Tendulkar conducts special screening of his film for Indian Armed Forces personnel India Pakistan anti-terrorism court drags its feet over 2008 Mumbai attacks, ninth judge appointed in eight years Lessons from a reborn river: What the water conservation effort in Alwar teaches us Kulbhushan Jadhav case at ICJ: Pakistan National Assembly speaker says army and govt will jointly fight case On Rajiv Gandhi's 26th death anniversary, Congress seeks to increase women's representation in politics Child slavery down in India but sexual violence against children on the rise: Kailash Satyarthi Howrah railway station to set up rooftop solar power World Kulbhushan Jadhav case at ICJ: Pakistan National Assembly speaker says army and govt will jointly fight case After James Comey, now Trump's ex-campaign aide to testify about alleged Russian interference After Donald Trump rails against 'cruel despotism', Cuba state TV calls him 'ill-advised US president' Recep Erdogan to return as chairman of the Turkey's ruling party, as changes from referendum kick in Donald Trump's hysterics work against him, Narendra Modi's caution insulates him from criticism Donald Trump in Saudi Arabia: US Prez seeks to soften stance on Islam, urges Muslims to fight terror Business Nasscom steps up US lobbying on immigration, visa issues GST will cut inflation by 2%, boost India's economy: Hasmukh Adhia In Photos: Pippa Middleton weds James Matthews at almost-Royal event Exporters to get refund within 7 days of claim under GST, says Nirmala Sitharaman India to roll out new drug policy, devise rules for clinical trials, say officials Tata Motors launches BS-IV compliant trucks in Tamil Nadu Life Lessons from a reborn river: What the water conservation effort in Alwar teaches us Titan's origins are more like Mars than Earth, show river maps of the three planetary bodies NASA scientists honour Abdul Kalam, new organism discovered on International Space Station named after him Svalbard global seed storage vault floods as permafrost melts; Norway says it will boost protection What if you could 'read' people like books? The Human Library has the answer More than 3000 adolescents die every day mainly due to preventable causes: WHO report Entertainment Nach Baliye 8: Shoaib-Dipika, Divyanka-Vivek earn perfect scores; Bharti-Harsh eliminated Vidyut Jammwal on Commando 3: 'Third part will raise the bar in action' Arjun Kapoor on Half Girlfriend: 'Tried breaking preconceived notions about Bihar' Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor in 102 Not Out: An onscreen pair unlike any other Cannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's red carpet appearances underline her star power Andhhagadu's trailer: The Raj Tarun, Hebah Patel starrer is a romantic action entertainer Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence | Reuters India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 20 2017 21:45:08 IST #Reuters MUMBAI India on Saturday finalised a policy that would allow local private companies to work with foreign players to make high-tech defence equipment, in a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to cut reliance on imports.The policy, whose finer details are still to be formalised, will initially allow the entry of private companies into the manufacture of submarines, fighter aircrafts and armoured vehicles through foreign partnerships, a statement issued by the Defence Ministry said. "In future, additional segments will be added," the statement said.Industry experts have said that delays in finalising procurement policies have undermined India's efforts to get local, largely inexperienced, companies to tie up with foreign manufacturers, a necessary step if domestic firms are to utilise the latest technology. Prime Minister Modi has vowed to reverse India's dependence on imports by building a local manufacturing industry. The government is forecast to spend $250 billion on modernisation of its armed forces over the next decade. The policy, announced on Saturday, would allow Indian companies to partner with global defence majors "to seek technology transfers and manufacturing know-how to set up domestic manufacturing infrastructure and supply chains," the statement said.Foreign manufacturers such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, BAE Systems and Saab are looking to India as one of the biggest sources of future growth. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee, editing by Louise Heavens) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 20, 2017 09:45 pm | Updated Date: May 20, 2017 09:45 pm Also See East Congo bandits kill park ranger, kidnap then release two others | Reuters Two suspected militants killed in police raid in Bangladesh | Reuters Macron wins French presidency by emphatic margin - projections | Reuters Qatar Airways signs World Cup sponsorship deal with FIFA | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 21 RPS Vs MI Full Schedule Top Stories What if you could 'read' people like books? The Human Library has the answer Has India's Judge at International Court of Justice Committed a Blunder? Donald Trump in Saudi Arabia: $110 billion defence deal inked; Rex Tillerson takes a dig at Iran Cannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's red carpet appearances underline her star power Finalising a financial checklist for a safe travel Election Commission says EVM challenge will start from 3 June, assures that machines are tamper-proof BJP in Tamil Nadu: How the party has become a major player in state politics despite just 2.8% voteshare IPL final 2017: Rising Pune Supergiant banking on mental edge over Mumbai Indians for maiden title Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE Vs BAN Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs KOL Mumbai Indians beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 6 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 7 wickets (D/L method) Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Mumbai Indians by 20 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Delhi Daredevils by 10 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs PUN Rising Pune Supergiant beat Kings XI Punjab by 9 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE Vs NZ New Zealand beat Ireland by 51 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 9 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs HYD Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Gujarat Lions by 8 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs NZ - May 21st, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs MUM - May 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN vs NZ - May 24th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - May 24th, 2017, 06:30 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS vs SL - May 26th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN vs PAK - May 27th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - May 27th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND vs NZ - May 28th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS vs PAK - May 29th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs SA - May 29th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
May 21, 2017 0656 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:193137 Publish Date: Sat, 20 May 2017 14:39:17 GMT Service: Business Iran ditches plan to buy Mitsubishi planes Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan said Iran has forgone plans to buy passenger planes from Japan’s Mitsubishi. The official first confirmed back in July 2016 that Iran sought to buy over two dozen planes from the Japanese industrial giant. Fakhrieh Kashan, however, said on Friday that “there is no chance of reaching an agreement with this company (Mitsubishi) at present and the purchase of aircraft from it is out of question.” Mitsubishi Aircraft – the aviation arm of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries - began market surveys into Iran in September 2015, four months before sanctions were lifted on the Islamic Republic, according to Japan’s Nikkei newspaper. The paper said at the time that flag carrier Iran Air was weighing to purchase 80 70-seat Mitsubishi Regional Jets and using them for domestic routes. Last week, Iran received four ATR 72-600s as part of a deal with the French manufacturer to buy 20 passenger planes. Iran Air finalized the deal with ATR last month for 20 twin-propeller aircraft worth $536 million at list prices, with an option to buy 20 more. The country has also signed billion-dollar deals with Boeing and Airbus to replace and upgrade its commercial fleet.   Airbus delivered three of the 100 airliners ordered by Iran earlier this year, including two long-haul A330s and a smaller A321, but Boeing's deliveries will not begin before 2018. Fakhrieh Kashan said Iranian airlines continue their efforts to buy commercial jets from international manufacturers. “Ministry of Transportation is trying to cooperate with the companies which are open to providing finance possibilities and pave the way for reaching final agreements,” he said. Negotiations with other manufacturers for purchase of planes were also continuing, and there were “great hopes” that the talks would produce a final deal, Fakhrieh Kashan said, without specifying those companies. Brazil's Embraer, the world's third largest maker of commercial, is said to be aiming to sell at least 20 of its E-195 jets to the Islamic Republic under a deal estimated to be over $1 billion. Embraer said last November that it was awaiting a US license for the sale to Iran of sensitive jet engine technology in its planes.                              KeyWords Iran plan Mitsubishi   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News APEC member economies called to expand advantage of market integration, trade Economist: Iran will turn into region's export hub Pakistan in talks with Thailand, Turkey, Iran on FTA South Africa open to Iranian investment as new refinery project goes ahead Iran ramps up electricity supply to Iraq despite debt Iran ditches plan to buy Mitsubishi planes Electric vehicles to cost the same as conventional cars by 2018 UK consumers worried by Brexit-driven price hikes China's second-quarter GDP growth seen at around 6.8% Indonesia raised to investment grade by S&P Most Visited US finalizing $300bn weapons sale to Saudi Arabia, official says Billionaire Zionist Adelson furious at Tillerson over Israel: Report African American family kicked off JetBlue flight over birthday cake Stolen NSA spy weapon used in global 'ransomware' attacks Obama officials, led by Kerry, team up to defend Iran deal from Trump Trump calls for 'tougher sanctions' against North Korea Trump MidEast visit ‘all about’ backing Israel, opposing Iran US man receives jail for Obama death threats McMaster denies claims that Trump revealed highly classified info to Russians North Korean missile tests ‘recipe for a disaster’: US Admiral Harris US president mulling to replace WH press secretary with Fox News host Texas university cancels GOP senator's speech on student petition www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0460 sec
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Monsters of the sky: The top 10 biggest aircraft ever built From the Hindenburg to the A380, marvel at the aviation engineering at its grandest. By Staff Reporter May 20, 2017 09:57 BST Think the A380 is the biggest plane to ever take to the skies? Think againReuters Earlier this month, the airship affably known as the Flying Bum spent three hours drifting above the British countryside before returning to its base in rural Bedfordshire. The occasion marked the third time the Airlander 10 had flown, and was the longest time the craft had spent airborne since first taking to the skies in 2016. Set to enter commercial operation in 2021, the Airlander 10 now holds the distinction of being the world's largest aircraft. Roughly the size of a football field, the airship dwarfs all other aircraft currently in operation while coming in at a fraction of the weight. Yet while it comes close, it doesn't quite snatch the crown for the largest aircraft ever created. There have been several attempts to claim this title, leading to some truly monstrous aircraft that, looking at them, you'd think have no business being capable of flight. Here are the 10 biggest in history. 1. LZ-129 Hindenburg The Hindenburg over New York in 1937Fox Photos/ Stringer Length: 245m Diameter: 41.2m Weight: 97,500kg The ill-fated Hindenburg ended the world's love affair with airships following the tragic crash in 1937, as well as making the aviation industry rethink its relationship with using hydrogen gas. No other aircraft built since has come close to matching the LZ-129's colossal size, which measured the length of more than two football pitches. 2. Airlander 10 The Airlander 10 is the largest aircraft currently in operationHybrid Air Vehicles Length: 92m Wingspan: 43.5m Height: 26m Weight: 20,000kg The Airlander 10 is currently the biggest aircraft in operation and hopes to usher in a new age of airship travel. Filled with non-flammable helium, the craft can fly at altitudes of up to 20,000 feet and can stay airborne for up to two weeks. When it enters operation, the 'Flying Bum' will be capable of carrying passengers from London to Paris in as little as 2.5 hours. 3. Antonov An-225 'Mriya' The Antonov An-225 is a winged behemothGreg Wood/ Getty Length: 84m Wingspan: 88.4m Height: 18.1m Weight: 285,000kg* The Ukrainian-built An-225 is a military cargo plane that holds the title of being the longest and heaviest aeroplane ever built. It also has the biggest wingspan of any plane currently in operation, measuring an incredible 88.4 metres tip-to-tip. The An-225 is powered by six turbofan engines and holds the record for the heaviest payload ever carried by an aircraft at 272 tonnes – roughly the weight of two blue whales. 4. Hughes H-4 Hercules Despite being called the Spruce Goose, the H-4 Hercules was mostly made of birchHulton Archive/ Getty Length: 66.7m Wingspan: 97.5m Height: 24.2m Weight: 113,399kg Designed by famed designed and eccentric recluse Howard Hughes, the H-4 Hercules has the largest wingspan of any aircraft in history, which at nearly 100 metres across made this massive seaplane wider than it was long. It gained the nickname Spruce Goose due to the fact it was constructed almost entirely of wood, although the name is a misnomer as it was actually built from birch. 5. Airbus A380-800 The Airbus A380 is the world's largest passenger planeReuters Length: 72.7m Wingspan: 79.8m Height: 24.1m Weight: 276,800kg The double-decker Airbus A380-800 is the world's largest passenger airliner with enough potential seating for more than 800 people – provided everyone flew economy. Reaching more than 24 metres into the air, the A380's tail is as tall as a 10-storey building. It's also the most expensive airliner ever built, which each plane carrying a price tag of over $330m ($430m, €390m). 6. Boeing 747-8 The Boeing 747-8 is the longest passenger aircraft in the world, measuring almost 80 metres nose to tailReuters Length: 76.3m Wingspan: 68.4m Height: 19.4 Weight: 220,100kg The Boeing 747-8 is the longest passenger plane in the world and the largest aircraft in Boeing's family. To date, 747s have flown more than 3.5 billion people – the equivalent of approximately half the world's population. The upper deck alone has the same square footage as an entire Boeing 737. 7. Antonov An-124 The Antonov An-124 is a heavy-duty cargo plane used by the Russian Air ForceAFP/ Getty Length: 69m Wingspan: 73.3m Height: 20.8m Weight: 175,000kg The An-124 is the slightly smaller sibling to the colossal An-225, but still manages to dwarf most other aircraft. The plane can carry a payload of 150 tonnes, with a maximum loaded take-off weight of over 400 tonnes. There are 55 currently in operation, which are used primarily by the Russian Air Force and select air freight companies in Eastern Europe. 8. Lockheed C-5 Galaxy The Lockheed C-5 Galaxy is used by the US Air Force to transport tanks smaller military aircraftThomas Lohnes/ Stringer Length: 75.3m Wingspan: 67.9m Height: 19.4m Weight: 172,400kg The largest aircraft in the US Air Force's fleet has a 121ft-long cargo bay, essentially making it a warehouse with wings. The hull is gargantuan enough to hold smaller military vehicles like tanks, fighter jets and attack helicopters, with the plane capable of carrying a maximum payload of more than 130 tonnes. 9. Boeing 747 Dreamlifter The Boeing 747 Dreamlifter has the largest cargo hold of any aircraftScott Wright/ Wikimedia Commons Length: 71.7m Wingspan: 64.4m Height: 21.6 Weight: 180,500kg There's a reason the Dreamlifter looks like a plane that's swallowed a smaller plane. This Boeing 747 variant is designed to carry large fuselage parts of Boeing's passenger planes, and has the largest cargo hold of any aeroplane in existence. Measuring a cavernous 65,000 cubic feet, the hold of the Dreamlifter has enough space for a 10-lane bowling alley inside a three-storey building. 10. Airbus A340-600 The A340 is a favourite amongst airline operatorsPierre Verdy/ Getty Length: 75.4m Wingspan: 63.5m Height: 17.2m Weight: 177,000kg The A340 has amassed some impressive numbers since taking to the skies in 1993 and has the longest range of any commercial plane until the arrival of Boeing's iconic 777 one year later. Having flown more than 600 million passengers and with more than 20 million flight hours under its belt, the A340 is one of the world's popular airliners, with German airliner Lufthansa owning the largest fleet. *weights show are representative of aircraft's weight without payload. Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Assassin's Creed, Far Cry 5, The Witcher on Netflix & Destiny 2 Columnists Andrew Sabisky “Why scrapping university tuition fees is good but not in the way you might think READ MORE Can F-35 fighter jets be hacked? Find out if one of the most sophisticated jets in the world can be... Watch: GoPro saves reporter's life by stopping an Isis sniper bullet Breathtaking footage shows action camera becoming real-life hero by... Monsters of the sky: The top 10 biggest aircraft ever built From the Hindenburg to the A380, marvel at the aviation engineering... HSBC voice recognition security system duped by customer's twin brother HSBC says its Voice ID system can analyse a customer's voice "in... Video game news round-up: Assassin's Creed, Far Cry 5, The Witcher on Netflix & Destiny 2 Your weekly pick of the biggest gaming stories from the past seven... 'Such a big boy': Trump proudly tweets about first foreign trip and Twitter rips him apart 'Please try not to embarrass us too much,' one Twitter user wrote. What are the WannaCry hackers doing now? New DDoS botnet attacks and ransom demands detected Attackers are going after the WannaCry kill switch with Mirai-powered... North Korea dismisses claims linking WannaCry cyberattack to Pyongyang as 'ridiculous' Some security experts found links between WannaCry and previous... PureMatrimony data leak: Muslim dating site users' data exposed as 120,000 passwords found online The online service denied that it was hacked, instead blaming a flaw... WannaCry: How to decrypt and recover your data from infected Windows systems There is finally a way to get back all your files without paying a... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Arianespace Soyuz Orbits SES-15 Carrying FAA Hosted Payload By Caleb Henry, Space News | May 19, 2017 02:51pm ET MORE A Europeanized Soyuz rocket lifts off carrying the SES-15 satellite. Credit: Arianespace video capture JAKARTA, Indonesia — Arianespace launched a Soyuz rocket May 18 from Europe's space center in French Guiana, carrying the electrically propelled SES-15 satellite to geostationary transfer orbit. The mission is Arianespace's second since territory-wide protests rocked the French territory in northeast South America for a month and a half, closing the Guiana Space Centre near Kourou in the process. SES-15 is the second of three missions previously slated for April, but pushed to May — a month during which Arianespace originally scheduled downtime for spaceport maintenance and thus had no missions — because of the protests. To speed SES-15's arrival at its desired some 36,000 kilometers above the equator, its Soyuz launcher completed two burns of its Fregat upper stage over five hours in order to place the satellite just 5,000 kilometers shy of the geostationary arc.The Russian rocket's extra effort shaved about a month off what would otherwise be a seven to eight month climb to geostationary orbit, according to Arianespace. Built by Boeing, SES-15 is Luxembourg-based SES's first all-electric satellite. The spacecraft has a mix of traditional and high-throughput Ku-band beams, covering North America and the Caribbean. Located at 129 degrees west, the satellite carries capacity for in-flight connectivity customers Global Eagle Entertainment, Gogo and Panasonic Avionics, along with maritime and VSAT customers. The satellite also carries the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration's Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) hosted payload, designed to enhance GPS signals for aviation customers. SES-15 is Arianespace's second and final Soyuz launch of the year. The launcher's next mission is the June 1 launch of ViaSat-2 and Eutelsat-172b, following which the company will have caught up on all launches delayed by French Guiana's protests, assuming all goes according to plan. Arianespace is targeting 12 missions for 2017, the same amount planned before the French Guiana protests. This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations In Photos: Arianespace Soyuz Rocket Launches Hispasat 36W-1 Geostationary Satellite Soyuz Crew's Official and Unofficial Mission Patches Draw from Space History Top 10 Game-Changing Earth Photos From Landsat Satellites Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Secret Origin of Star Wars: Rogue One's Cassian Andor & K-2SO to be Revealed at Marvel Skywatcher Beams at the Starry Night Sky in Stunning Cosmic Selfie Story of 'Almost-First' Woman Astronaut Appears Off-Broadway Planet Classification: How to Group Exoplanets Moving Black Hole Possibly Spotted in Far Away Galaxy | Video HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Breaking News Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger ties Exclusive: North Korea's Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT Decisively re-elected, Rouhani defies hardliners, pledges to open Iran U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits TPP countries keep trade deal alive without Trump's U.S. Brazil's leader lambastes bribe accusations made by meat titans Passenger jet collides with truck at Los Angeles airport, injuring eight With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover Royal sister-in-law Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded British wedding Sun 21 May 2017 - 24 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US government starts countdown to Nafta talks in mid-August US government starts countdown to Nafta talks in mid-August Friday 19th, May 2017 / 20:29 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: The Trump administration has set the clock ticking towards a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for US workers and manufacturers. With a letter to US lawmakers, US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world’s biggest trading blocs to begin by August 16. Renegotiation of Nafta was a key campaign promise of US President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a “disaster” that has drained US factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the Nafta talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to US Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters Nafta has been successful for US agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. “As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in Nafta and change and improve what has not,” Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters on Thursday. “If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernised Nafta as seamless as possible.” In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said Nafta needs modernisation for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labour and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the US move to launch a Nafta revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. “The world has changed, we’ve learned a lot and we can make it better,” he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was “steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region,” noting that 9 million US jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. US Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged US officials to “do no harm” to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step towards Nafta renegotiations, the US Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co’s anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier’s new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer’s letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to US industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from Nafta, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from Nafta would be necessary. “As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot,” Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of Nafta, but noted that many of Nafta’s problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. “Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we’ll move in a different direction.” Asked if the Nafta talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the Nafta talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the US Commerce Department. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← 4 car makers settle claims over Takata inflators for $553m Next Post → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM greetings to Rouhani Fahd in Saudi to attend summits Sayyid Fahd in Saudi to take part in GCC-US Summit Businesses see shorter lean months this year Read More ... Facebook Twitter 42 minutes agoThe names of Omani children that are not line with Arabic traditions will be rejected by @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/vtHAwhzK8C 3 hours agoConsumerConfidence: #Oman market recovery hinges on announced projects in tourism, real estate and health… /t.co/07CIVwI7HS 4 hours agoObserve Omani culture when naming babies, failing which the name will be rejected, says @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/E8L8a1BXDv Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Jeff Bezos lays out his vision for building a city on the moon, complete with robots This Week in Seattle: Mayor’s race reaches filing deadline, safe-injection sites under consideration, Seattle lands on fittest cities list, and more Cloud Computing wins again; this time, as a 13-1 shot at the Preakness Video: Watch Amazon’s Jeff Bezos talk with kids about Apollo’s space legacy – and share life lessons What if the Guardians of the Galaxy were hackers? Star-Lord the script kiddie and more possibilities Week in Geek: Can art and tech coexist? Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate, and more Astronomers catch mysteriously dimming ‘alien megastructure’ star in the act Geared Up: Google Assistant vs. Amazon Alexa, and understanding the allure of the fidget spinner GeekWire at the Movies: ‘Alien: Covenant’ delivers the gory goods, and some answers Hobbyist defeats FAA in battle over drone registration, but says the fight’s not over Woman awarded $100K after suing Starbucks over drive-thru coffee spill that burned her lap GeekWire Deals: 74% off the spell-check app your emails have always wanted Geek of the Week: Monika Sengul-Jones is a Wikipedian-in-Residence, making libraries and the online encyclopedia ‘better together’ Qliance healthcare startup cites lender fraud for sudden shutdown as patients are left in the lurch Seattle’s Intentionet lands $3M in Om Malik’s first Pacific NW investment Working Geek: Expedia VP Noah Tratt Snapchats his kids from around the world HEROCLIP, the do-it-all invention for camping, organizing and more, hooks $500K in new funding Calendar Picks: Prep for Social Venture Partners’ Fast Pitch program; get your (board) game on; and more Seattle Mariners GM, LA Dodgers CFO to speak at GeekWire Sports Tech Summit Techstars grad Innervate raises more cash for platform that helps developers reach gamers 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Amazon No. 2 on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list — see where else ‘the world wants to work now’ Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions Canadian PM Justin Trudeau rocks Microsoft CEO Summit: Why snooping on VIPs is getting harder This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Forget the Q-tips: This startup’s headphones clean out your ears in just 35 seconds Medical startup originally backed by Jeff Bezos and other big name investors reportedly closing How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Building home to Facebook’s Frank Gehry-designed Seattle office sells for $286M Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon Jury sides with T-Mobile in federal lawsuit over theft of ‘Tappy’ robot technology by Huawei Video: Want to fly like a CEO? Rent Deer Jet’s 787 Dreamliner for $70,000 an hour Alaska Airlines plans flights from Everett’s Paine Field to dodge Sea-Tac traffic jam Trending: Astronomers catch mysteriously dimming ‘alien megastructure’ star in the act Space & Science Apollo moon rocket engines finally fill a place of honor at Museum of Flight by Alan Boyle on May 18, 2017 at 5:06 pmMay 18, 2017 at 6:37 pm Comments  1 Share  1.1k Tweet Share  11 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! David Concannon, who put together a team to find components from the F-1 rocket engines that sent NASA astronauts on their way to the moon, recounts the adventure at the Museum of Flight with the recovered components in the background. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Almost 50 years after they were fired up, rocket engines that sent NASA’s Apollo crews on the first leg of their trips to the moon have reached their final destination at last, in the spotlight at the Museum of Flight’s “Apollo” exhibit in Seattle. During a press preview today, the museum showed off the mangled components from the Saturn V first-stage engines for two Apollo moon missions, alongside an intact 18-foot-high F-1 rocket engine on loan from NASA. It was a bittersweet moment for David Concannon, who put together the team that found the engines in 2013 with backing from Amazon’s billionaire founder, Jeff Bezos. “I didn’t see this until two hours ago, and I was overwhelmed,” Concannon told GeekWire today. “I still am. … It’s a really sad moment. I’m proud of what we and Jeff did, but it’s kinda like sending your son off to college.” Concannon has been involved as an explorer in Titanic expeditions, and as a lawyer in 2004’s prize-winning flights of the privately funded SpaceShipOne rocket plane. Those were thrilling experiences, but in Concannon’s opinion, finding and recovering the F-1 engines is on an entirely different level. That’s not just his opinion. “My son has seen his dad do all these projects and all these expeditions,” Concannon said, “and when it was finally announced that we had found the engines that launched men to the moon, he said, ‘Congratulations, Dad. You finally did something that matters.’ … I’m proud to bring him here this morning to see what his dad was doing.” Some of the components on display in Seattle came from F-1 engines that were fired up for Apollo 12 in 1969, just months after the history-making Apollo 11 moon landing that same year. Other components came from the engines for Apollo 16, the second-last moon mission, which was launched in 1972. The F-1 engines weren’t meant to survive their missions. The Saturn V’s first stage dropped away less than three minutes after launch while the crew continued onward to orbit. The booster for each mission smashed into the ocean and broke apart, leaving the remains of its five engines to drift three miles down to the bottom of the sea. Bezos was 5 years old when Apollo 11 happened. Decades later, he said the Apollo experience “was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering and exploration,” eventually leading him to create Amazon as well as his Blue Origin space venture. Seven years ago, the billionaire asked Concannon to come up with a plan for recovering the Apollo engines. At the time, Bezos said his objective was not just to reawaken memories for the Apollo generation, but also to inspire future generations of 5-year-olds. “To me, that is the purest form of giving,” Concannon said. Concannon recruited the members of the expedition team, drawing heavily on veterans from Seattle, and worked out the details for the recovery effort. When camera-equipped submersible robots identified and dredged up the engines in 2013, Bezos said the underwater scene reminded him of a “magic sculpture garden,” with some parts twisted almost beyond recognition. The recovered artifacts went through a round of preservation at the Kansas Cosmosphere  – and then were shipped to the Museum of Flight, where they were put in storage while experts worked out how best to display them. This week marks the official coming-out party for the F-1 engines and the “Apollo” exhibition. The engine components are arranged like puzzle pieces to show how they fit together in flight. The intact engine stands alongside the artifacts to serve as a visual guide, revealing the intricacies of 1960s-era aerospace engineering as well as the violence done by the fall into the sea. “These engines tell a magnificent story of a time in America when everybody came together, pulled together to do something magnificent. When President Kennedy said, ‘We choose to go to the moon,’ it wasn’t actually possible, because the technology didn’t exist,” Concannon said. “If it weren’t for tens of thousands of people pulling together to make that possible, we never would have achieved it. To me, that’s the story that these beat-up, burned-up artifacts tell.” The centerpieces of the Museum of Flight’s “Apollo” exhibit are components from an Apollo 16 rocket engine (above) and an Apollo 12 engine (below), arranged in an exploded view. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) The museum’s education director, Seth Margolis, is flanked by an intact F-1 rocket engine at left and the recovered Apollo engine components at right. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Boeing’s full-scale engineering mockup of the lunar rover is on display. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) An Apollo moon rock sits inside a protective case. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)) This Apollo command module never flew in space. It was used for testing and training. (Geekwire Photo / Kevin Lisota) This mockup of the Apollo lunar module’s ascent stage provides a pilot’s-eye view from the inside. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) The “Apollo” exhibit includes a Viking Mars lander, which looks like the spacecraft that touched down on the Red Planet in 1976. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) The spacesuit that NASA astronaut John Young wore during the Apollo 10 mission is on display at Museum of Flight’s “Apollo” exhibit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Doug King, the Museum of Flight’s president and CEO, marveled at the 1.5 million pounds of thrust that the F-1 engine blasted out during a launch. “This one engine is more powerful than all the aircraft in the museum put together,” he told GeekWire. But the museum’s “Apollo” exhibit shows off much more than just the engines: Full-scale engineering models of an Apollo command module, a lunar rover and a Viking Mars lander are also on display. There’s a wealth of artifacts linked to Apollo 12 and its commander, Pete Conrad, ranging from one of the moon rocks picked up during his mission to the cuff checklist he wore during a moonwalk. (For what it’s worth, the exhibit doesn’t show the X-rated Playboy pictures that were slipped into the checklist as a joke.) During the public opening of the exhibit, which takes place this weekend as part of the Museum of Flight’s SpaceFest activities, you can get in on a series of talks by Concannon and others who were involved in the F-1 recovery and restoration effort, and even try taking a virtual-reality moonwalk. (Check the museum’s website for the full SpaceFest 2017 schedule on Saturday and Sunday.) Other components from Apollo 11’s F-1 rocket engines will go on display at the Smithsonian Institution’s National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., under an arrangement worked out by NASA, Bezos and the museums. And Concannon said he and his colleagues identified six additional sites on the Atlantic Ocean floor where Apollo engine parts are still lying. He hopes those resting places will remain undisturbed. “We pretty much picked the best artifacts that would be the most well-preserved, that somebody could look at in the museum and tell the story of Apollo, plus a three-mile plunge to the bottom of the ocean, 40 years on the bottom, and all that,” he said. “I’d be happy if it was one and done … says the guy who’s been to the Titanic three times.” Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 1 Share  1.1k Tweet Share  11 Reddit Email Previous StorySalesforce impresses investors with strong Q1, raises full-year revenue guidance Next StoryAlexa at the ballpark: Testing Amazon Echo inside a Seattle Mariners suite at Safeco Field Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: Apollo • Jeff Bezos • Museum of Flight • Space history GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Museum of Flight gets intact moon rocket engine to go with beat-up Apollo artifacts Get an exclusive video tour of the Museum of Flight’s Apollo moon rocket artifacts Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Seattle’s Museum of Flight unwrap Apollo moon engine artifacts Video: Watch Amazon’s Jeff Bezos talk with kids about Apollo’s space legacy – and share life lessons Previous StorySalesforce impresses investors with strong Q1, raises full-year revenue guidance Next StoryAlexa at the ballpark: Testing Amazon Echo inside a Seattle Mariners suite at Safeco Field Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: 74% off the spell-check app your emails have always wanted GeekWire Deals: Racing drones with speed and stability, even for beginners (under $100) Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. RecruiterMoz Security Software EngineerOfferUp Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Top India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defense Add to ... MUMBAI — Reuters Published Saturday, May 20, 2017 8:11AM EDT Last updated Saturday, May 20, 2017 8:11AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print India on Saturday finalised a policy that would allow local private companies to work with foreign players to make high-tech defense equipment, in a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to cut reliance on imports. The policy, whose finer details are still to be formalized, will initially allow the entry of private companies into the manufacture of submarines, fighter aircrafts and armored vehicles through foreign partnerships, a statement issued by the Defense Ministry said. "In future, additional segments will be added," the statement said. Industry experts have said that delays in finalizing procurement policies have undermined India's efforts to get local, largely inexperienced, companies to tie up with foreign manufacturers, a necessary step if domestic firms are to utilize the latest technology. Prime Minister Modi has vowed to reverse India's dependence on imports by building a local manufacturing industry. The government is forecast to spend $250 billion on modernization of its armed forces over the next decade. The policy, announced on Saturday, would allow Indian companies to partner with global defense majors "to seek technology transfers and manufacturing know-how to set up domestic manufacturing infrastructure and supply chains," the statement said. Foreign manufacturers such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, BAE Systems and Saab are looking to India as one of the biggest sources of future growth. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee, editing by Louise Heavens) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Narendra Modi The Boeing Company India BAE Systems plc Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Video: Pippa Middleton arrives at her wedding Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? News Trump says first day of trip abroad is 'tremendous' Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit News Chinese jets intercept U.S. aircraft in East China Sea Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News A victory for Iranians demanding change as President Rouhani re-elected Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Gordon Matheson: ‘I really like fixing things that I believe are broken’ Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? China cripples CIA operations, kills informants: report Canadians need to replace backyards with balconies May 21: Your lookahead horoscope X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence INDIA-DEFENCE-POLICY:India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defenceReuters | May 20, 2017, 05.35 PM IST MUMBAI (Reuters) - India on Saturday finalised a policy that would allow local private companies to work with foreign players to make high-tech defence equipment, in a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to cut reliance on imports. The policy, whose finer details are still to be formalised, will initially allow the entry of private companies into the manufacture of submarines, fighter aircrafts and armoured vehicles through foreign partnerships, a statement issued by the Defence Ministry said. "In future, additional segments will be added," the statement said. Industry experts have said that delays in finalising procurement policies have undermined India's efforts to get local, largely inexperienced, companies to tie up with foreign manufacturers, a necessary step if domestic firms are to utilise the latest technology. Prime Minister Modi has vowed to reverse India's dependence on imports by building a local manufacturing industry. The government is forecast to spend $250 billion on modernisation of its armed forces over the next decade. The policy, announced on Saturday, would allow Indian companies to partner with global defence majors "to seek technology transfers and manufacturing know-how to set up domestic manufacturing infrastructure and supply chains," the statement said. Foreign manufacturers such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, BAE Systems and Saab are looking to India as one of the biggest sources of future growth. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee, editing by Louise Heavens) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Personal Styling Is Booming Thanks To This Clothing Service Business Insider for Stitch Fix Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLX Acura More from The Times of India Wife refuses to dance, hubby pushes her from rooftop I had khichdi for three days, here’s what happened Should you eat rice and chapati together? From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 most expensive Bollywood flop filmsBOLLYWOODUNION 15 most beautiful women in the worldCrazyFreelancer Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain CancerMilaap Godrej new project launch at Kandivali (East)Mumbai Properties Little Shaurya suffers a rare Hunter SyndromeMilaap Reema Lagoo: Her 10 most memorable films NH-24 has the imprint of this one-handed man Aishwarya at Cannes: 7 best red carpet looks ever! Two Nigerians held, 2 kilograms heroin recovered in Ludhiana When ‘honey’ won’t part with the alimony ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular French researchers find way to unlock WannaCry without ransom French researchers said on Friday they had found a last-chance way for technicians to save Windows files encrypted by WannaCry, racing against a deadline as the ransomware threatens to start locking up victims' computers first infected a week ago. Pakistan cannot execute Kulbhushan Jadhav till the court rules on case: ICJ Big guns: Modern artillery guns to arrive in India after Bofors scandal Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Sensex drops 250-odd pts from record high, ends at 30,465 The domestic equity market ended flat after the GST Council announced tax slabs and cesses on 1,211 items. The S&P BSE Sensex closed 30 points higher at 30,464 with FMCG major ITC ending up as top gainer and Asian Paints the worst loser. The broader Nifty50 of National Stock Exchange (NSE) settled below the psychological level of 9,500 at 9,427.90, down 1.55 points with 19 constituents ending in the green. Watch: Goods & service tax simplified The GST (Goods and Services Tax) Council finalised tax rates for services. Education and healthcare have been exempted from the GST regime. From around the Web Discover a Different Way to Think about Migrane Medication AD BY AVANIR © 2016 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc, All Rights Reserved. Avanir is a trademark or Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancer rmhealthy Which Industries Are Getting the Best Pay Raises? The Wall Street Journal for ADP More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US Tiger Shroff gets on board for Indian 'Rambo' remake Read MoreReutersPromit MukherjeeNarendra ModiModiLouise Heavens Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Number of H-1B visa for professionals would not come down: Nirmala Sitharaman GST Impact: What’s cheaper, what’s not How your family budget will change after GST Bengal Chemicals ties up with BigBasket 1India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence 2Number of H-1B visa for professionals would not come down: Nirmala Sitharaman 3GST Impact: What’s cheaper, what’s not 4How your family budget will change after GST 5Bengal Chemicals ties up with BigBasket Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Live: EVM Challenge Tamil Nadu SSLC Result  EVM challenge GST GST Bill Half Girlfriend Collection KKR vs MI Score XXX Return of Xander Cage Half Girlfriend Review Cannes 2017 TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Kolkata vs Mumbai GST Bill Softbank Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Rajnikanth IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Commodities India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defence Source : Last Updated: Sat, May 20, 2017 18:16 hrs MUMBAI  - India on Saturday finalised a policy that would allow local private companies to work with foreign players to make high-tech defence equipment, in a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to cut reliance on imports. The policy, whose finer details are still to be formalised, will initially allow the entry of private companies into the manufacture of submarines, fighter aircrafts and armoured vehicles through foreign partnerships, a statement issued by the Defence Ministry said. "In future, additional segments will be added," the statement said. Industry experts have said that delays in finalising procurement policies have undermined India's efforts to get local, largely inexperienced, companies to tie up with foreign manufacturers, a necessary step if domestic firms are to utilise the latest technology. Prime Minister Modi has vowed to reverse India's dependence on imports by building a local manufacturing industry. The government is forecast to spend $250 billion on modernisation of its armed forces over the next decade. The policy, announced on Saturday, would allow Indian companies to partner with global defence majors "to seek technology transfers and manufacturing know-how to set up domestic manufacturing infrastructure and supply chains," the statement said. Foreign manufacturers such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, BAE Systems and Saab are looking to India as one of the biggest sources of future growth. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27000.00 (-0.07%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27610.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27300.00 (-0.73%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27530.00 (0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26600.00 (0.19%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27020.00 (-0.04%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defense Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Sat May 20, 2017 | 8:09am EDT India announces policy for strategic partnerships in defense India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures during the United Nations Vesak Day Conference in Colombo, Sri Lanka May 12, 2017. REUTERS/Dinuka Liyanawatte MUMBAI India on Saturday finalised a policy that would allow local private companies to work with foreign players to make high-tech defense equipment, in a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bid to cut reliance on imports. The policy, whose finer details are still to be formalized, will initially allow the entry of private companies into the manufacture of submarines, fighter aircrafts and armored vehicles through foreign partnerships, a statement issued by the Defense Ministry said. "In future, additional segments will be added," the statement said. Industry experts have said that delays in finalizing procurement policies have undermined India's efforts to get local, largely inexperienced, companies to tie up with foreign manufacturers, a necessary step if domestic firms are to utilize the latest technology. Prime Minister Modi has vowed to reverse India's dependence on imports by building a local manufacturing industry. The government is forecast to spend $250 billion on modernization of its armed forces over the next decade. The policy, announced on Saturday, would allow Indian companies to partner with global defense majors "to seek technology transfers and manufacturing know-how to set up domestic manufacturing infrastructure and supply chains," the statement said. Foreign manufacturers such as Lockheed Martin, Boeing, BAE Systems and Saab are looking to India as one of the biggest sources of future growth. (Reporting by Promit Mukherjee, editing by Louise Heavens) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In World News China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT WASHINGTON China killed or imprisoned 18 to 20 CIA sources from 2010 to 2012, hobbling U.S. spying operations in a massive intelligence breach whose origin has not been identified, the New York Times reported on Saturday. Decisively re-elected, Rouhani defies hardliners, pledges to open Iran DUBAI/BEIRUT President Hassan Rouhani pledged on Saturday to open Iran to the world and deliver freedoms its people have yearned for, throwing down a defiant challenge to his hardline opponents after securing a decisive re-election for a second term. Two killed, one foreigner kidnapped in Afghan capital Kabul KABUL Two people, a foreigner and an Afghan, were killed and another foreigner was abducted from a house in Kabul late on Saturday, a spokesman for the interior ministry said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° Clear Keene, NH (03431) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 71F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early followed by increasing clouds with showers developing later at night. Low 47F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 21, 2017 @ 1:56 am Full Forecast We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit news Toggle navigation Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Close Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News A SZ DJI Technology Co. S1000 drone flies above the field before test experiments are performed with unmanned aerial systems on the campus of Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Va. Here comes the war for commercial drone dominance By Justin Bachman Bloomberg News 21 hrs ago (…) Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News At some point in the not-too-distant future, fleets of commercial drones are expected to swarm across American skies. Companies in a wide range of industries will employ unmanned vehicles for tactical advantage — inspecting infrastructure, surveying crops, maybe even estimating how much your new roof will cost. And when these drones fly, a torrent of data will follow them like an invisible contrail. “Data is the new oil,” Intel Corp. Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said week at the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International’s annual Xponential conference in Dallas, the industry’s top trade show. He cited a growing competitive “separation” between companies that collect and understand their data and those that don’t. A single autonomous car can generate the same data trove as 3,000 people surfing the Internet, while a small drone fleet could easily create 150 terabytes of data per day, he said (1,000 gigabytes equals 1 terabyte). “The data rate is going to explode on us in the next few years,” Krzanich said. But how to handle that wide open fire hose of information? “Operation of an unmanned system is no longer a stand-alone activity,” Lockheed Martin Corp. proclaims in its promotional materials for its Hydra Fusion Tools software. “There (is) an assortment of maps, images, video, and intelligence which are being broadcast to the operators and this needs to be fused into a common operational picture.” This proposition, unsurprisingly, is leading to an array of new business models aimed at helping companies sift through and exploit the mountains of information headed their way. Into this universe comes Airbus, the European aerospace conglomerate. Airbus is starting a new data company, called Airbus Aerial, to provide an array of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) services, a field the company estimates could increase to more than $120 billion annually as the use of these fleets expands, said Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus’ defense and space group. Hoke introduced the new company at Xponential. The proliferation of commercial drones won’t be so much about getting your pizza or new shirt faster — although there is that consideration — but a broader change in how companies employ aerial surveillance and data to inform their businesses, spurred by efficiency and new U.S. rules allowing commercial unmanned systems to operate at farther distances, autonomously. A diverse array of companies, ranging from insurers and utilities to real estate and energy, are likely to shift some of their operations to UAV. Some of the work now done by helicopters could be replaced at lower cost. Insurers, for example, are finding aerial surveillance to be a good method for assessing claims after tornadoes and hurricanes and to help understand risks in their underwriting activities. Airbus Aerial aims to compile high-altitude data from a fleet of eight Airbus satellites and drones, blending it into an intelligence service for agriculture, insurance, oil and gas, utilities, and state and local governments. Aerial will be based in Germany, near Munich, with U.S. offices in Atlanta. The company sees 2017 as a way to explore the market, testing the business with “a small, select group of customers” to determine how clients will value Aerial’s services, said Jana Rosenmann, Airbus senior vice president of unmanned aerial systems. Airbus will fly third-party drones for its clients but will also explore building its own hardware, she said. “The initial business is not relying on Airbus having its own drone today,” Rosenmann said in a telephone interview. The company already operates high-altitude solar-powered UAVs, dubbed Zephyr, which have stayed aloft for as long as 14 days. Airbus calls Zephyr “a high-altitude pseudo satellite” due to its high cruising level of up to 70,000 feet. Most customers will have a specific need for the services of companies like Aerial and won’t care how the information is acquired, be it by drone, satellite or other means, said Jesse Kallman, who will lead the Airbus unit’s U.S. operations. “A drone is really just a truck that you stick a sensor on,” he said. “We will use whatever hardware makes the most sense.” Aerial pricing is likely to be tailored to a specific market or customer, Kallman said, ranging from recurring subscriptions to one-off jobs. To date, one of the major impediments to commercial drone flying has been the lack of federal rules, which are now pending at the Federal Aviation Administration. The regulations sort out operational guidelines to integrate UAVs safely into existing air traffic. Although slow to get these rules squared away, the American UAV service market may mature more quickly than in Europe, owing to the U.S. having only a single regulatory body, Hoke said. Yet as soon as these new commercial operations take flight, those who employ them will be grappling with “the whole info-glut problem,” said Nazlin Kanji, a program director at AeroVironment Inc., a Simi Valley, Calif.-based defense contractor that builds drones and analytics software for military and civilian use. “It’s an interesting challenge because the amount of data that drones generate is huge — we’re talking petabytes and petabytes of data,” she said (1,000 terabytes equals 1 petabyte). “It really becomes that big data problem everybody keeps talking about but no one really knows how to address.” The field of drone services has already begun seeing consolidation among smaller players, with much of the business focused on courting large companies and recurring revenue streams, said Jon Damush, vice president of commercial at Insitu, a Boeing Co. subsidiary that builds and flies drones. Over time, given the cost of contracting with a drone service, some of the larger drone data users — such as miners and pipeline operators — might decide to buy their own drones and software. “When you become a certain size on the expense line, somebody’s going to notice,” Damush said. But Kanji counters that there’s room “for a lot of different vendors,” from companies that offer just data storage to others that may sell analysis, data collection, or a combination. Some of these data wranglers focus on software, offering drone users the ability to create detailed interfaces for the data that UAVs emit. Others, such as Insitu, focus on drone reconnaissance and data analysis for railroads, large mining companies in Australia, and pipeline operators. That’s the larger-scale end of the business, leaving many smaller players eager to exploit common drone necessities among many industries. “One thing we’ve found is that with agriculture, utilities, railroads, and construction, a lot of them have very similar needs,” Kanji said, citing one example: “All of them worry about vegetation.” The Business Journal Business Journal Apr 7, 2017 Business magazine for businesses in the Greater Keene, Brattleboro, and Peterborough area Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Officials: Investigation continues into man's death in Acworth construction accident Westmoreland resident identified as man killed in Keene crash Police investigation sheds light on fatal Keene crash Woman injured in Route 9 crash dies days after husband Investigation into fatal Route 9 crash ongoing in Keene A rescue, then a reunion at Keene's YMCA Man killed in Acworth construction accident Hinsdale High student accused of threatening school violence Keene crash victims were local business owners Keene State president responds to student journalism dispute Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Connect with Us sentinelsource.com 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Phone: 603-352-1234 Email: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Services Login About Us Contact Us Advertising Rates Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit News Sections The Keene Sentinel News Sports Opinion Out & About Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds © Copyright 2017 SentinelSource.com, 60 West Street Keene, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Video Reports Embed this video Copy Code Link to this video Get LinkEmbedLicenseRecommend (-)Print By Robert Johnson, CFA and Jeremy Glaser | 05-17-2017 11:00 AM Manufacturing Could Help Boost Economy With seven of 10 of the largest categories of manufacturing expanding in April, Bob Johnson thinks the sector can help offset a weaker consumer. Related Links Budget Data Shows Hints of What's to Come Tame Inflation Can Still Hurt Consumers Jeremy Glaser: For Morningstar, I'm Jeremy Glaser. I'm here with Bob Johnson, our director of economic analysis, to get an update on the state of the manufacturing sector. Bob, thanks for joining me. Bob Johnson: It's great to be here today. Glaser: We got industrial production numbers earlier this week, and it looked pretty strong on a month-to-month basis. Johnson: They sure did. And again, we always like to focus on the manufacturing part of that, which is about 70%, 80% of the number. And on the manufacturing side, we were up more than 1% month to month, one of the best showings all the way back to 2014. So, very nice headline showing. Glaser: And this was a pretty broad-based positive reading? Johnson: It was. The reading includes many different categories in manufacturing and things that are very, very different. But this time around, in the month of April, seven of the 10 largest categories showed pretty dramatic improvement from the previous month. Going back over the data for the last several months, it's typically been more like two to five categories being up and the other five to eight being down. So, it's been a pretty dramatic shift there in terms of the diversity, which is good to see. It's not being driven by just aerospace and automobiles like it was at the very beginning of the recovery. It seems to be a little bit broader-based, which is good news. Glaser: If this was a big jump from March, what do we look like versus 2016 levels? Is this really just a bounce back from some weak data? Johnson: Yeah. Well, certainly, the April data, that 1% growth we talked about, follows a decline of almost 0.5% in March. So, there's just a little bit of payback there. You average them together, you're probably a little closer to reality. But nevertheless, the year-over-year data is getting better, too. First of all, looking at the single month over single month, that is April this year versus April last year, we were up about 1.9%. Keep in mind, the long-term yearly average growth rate is something like 2.5%. So, we're getting back to something that might be categorized as more normal. So, that's certainly good to see. And even on a moving average basis, three-month moving average basis, which is our preferred method, we're now up to 1.3% year-over-year growth versus a low of -0.5% back in that gloomy days of 2015. Glaser: That's looking better then. What about individual sectors? You mentioned seven out of 10 were up. What were the biggest contributors in the month? Johnson: Yeah. Let's look at some of the categories. Now, I'm going to switch over to talking about year-over-year data a little bit. But certainly, the strongest was computers--computers and computer-related electronic components. And that's a strong category, it was up 4%. We've had many good months in a row, and I think the particular month of April wasn't all that great. But if you look at on a year-over-year basis, it's been a consistently strong group as some of the semiconductor manufacturing things, a little bit more of it's happening here in some cases and more computer manufacturing and more interest in general in productivity-enhancing tools with the labor shortages that we keep talking about. So, this has been a pretty strong category over the last year. We had a couple of years where it wasn't as strong and now we've really come back. So, it's nice to see that. The second strongest category on a year-over-year basis was machinery, and a lot of that is oil and gas-related machinery as it turns out. That was certainly a big help as the oil industry kind of goes back to work here. So, also a nice pickup and we've had several months of consistently strong growth there. Then kind of one surprise I'll toss in there, food at 1.8%. Clearly, as the price of some agriculture commodities--including livestock, including weed and whatever as oil comes down and people are again shopping a little more at grocery stores and less at restaurants--it's helped boost the overall food manufacturing sector which was up 1.8%. Going back over 30, 40 years, I mean, that number was seldom much above 1% and to be up 1.8%, that's clearly something a little different to talk about. And automobiles, motor vehicles, I should say, were up 2.5%. So, that trend continues to slow. It's still in the top categories, but it is continuing to slow and unfortunately, the headline suggests there's more slowing to come there as the automobile manufacturers appear to be a little bit overstocked than a couple of areas and being caught flat-footed with not enough SUVs and too many sedans. So, clearly, some shifts there. There still are a couple of worrisome categories on the negative side, while you're asking. Aerospace was down about 2.7%. Again, we're still rolling off some of that defense spending being trimmed back a little bit along with Boeing finally catching up on its big backlog. Those two things have aerospace an underperformer after being one of the big drivers of manufacturing early in the recovery. Glaser: Big picture then, is manufacturing going to be enough of a driver to overcome other slowing areas of the economy? How do you think of this in the broader picture? Johnson: Yeah. I think this is one that stabilized, and I think that this is one that doesn't look like it's going to hurt as big unless the autos really fall off the table, so to speak. I think that manufacturing is about 8% of employment, 12% of wages. So, it's clearly a sector that's more important than some people give it credit for. And the improvement there has certainly been good, and I think it could be enough to help out some of the other weaker parts of the economy. If you combine that with housing being stable to maybe a little better and manufacturing be a little better, that's why despite some weak consumer data, they were still feeling relatively safe that 2017 won't be a recession year. Glaser: Bob, thanks for your take on manufacturing today. Johnson: Thank you. Glaser: For Morningstar, I'm Jeremy Glaser. Thanks for watching. Return to Discuss Comments     1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First       1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First Add a Comment Email me new replies. Post Cancel Add a Comment Please login or register to post a comment. Log InRegister LatestStocksFundsETFsBonds {1} {2} more... {0}-{1} of {2} Comments {0}-{1} of {2} Comment {0} {1} Flag {5} Report as off topic Report as inflammatory Report as advertising Report as copyright content This post has been reported. --- Remove off topic Remove inflammatory Remove advertising Remove copyright content Un-moderate post Comment removed for violation of Terms of Use ({0}) View Post Edit post Please create a username to comment on this article Username: Continue Please choose a name that's between six and fifteen characters long, starts with a letter, and contains only numbers and letters. Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
